In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report,
the following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely
affect the Company’s business, financial condition, and
results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to the Company or that the

3

Table of Contents

Company currently deems immaterial also may impair the
Company’s business operations and financial condition.

 Competitive product and pricing pressures in the food
 industry could adversely affect the Company’s ability to
 gain or maintain market share.

The Company operates in the highly competitive food industry
across its product lines competing with other companies that
have varying abilities to withstand changing market conditions.
Any significant change in relationship with a major customer,
including as a result of changes in product prices, sales
volume, or contractual terms may impact financial results. Such
changes may result because the Company’s competitors may
have substantial financial, marketing, and other resources that
may change the competitive environment. Such competition could
cause the Company to reduce prices and/or increase capital,
marketing, and other expenditures, or result in the loss of
category share. Such changes could have a material adverse
impact on the Company’s net income. As the retail grocery
trade continues to consolidate, the larger retail customers of
the Company could seek to use their positions to improve their
profitability through lower pricing and increased promotional
programs. If the Company is unable to use its scale, marketing
expertise, product innovation, and category leadership positions
to respond to these changes, its profitability and volume growth
could be negatively impacted.

 The Company’s performance is affected by economic and
 political conditions in the U.S. and in various other nations
 where it does business.

The Company’s performance has been in the past and may
continue in the future to be impacted by economic and political
conditions in the United States and in other nations. Such
conditions and factors include changes in applicable laws and
regulations, including changes in food and drug laws, accounting
standards, taxation requirements and environmental laws. Other
factors impacting our operations include export and import
restrictions, currency exchange rates, recession, foreign
ownership restrictions, nationalization, the performance of
businesses in hyperinflationary environments, and political
unrest and terrorist acts in the U.S. and other international
locations where the Company does business. Such changes in
either domestic or foreign jurisdictions could adversely affect
our financial results.

 Increases in the cost and restrictions on the availability
 of raw materials could adversely affect our financial
 results.

The Company sources raw materials including agricultural
commodities such as tomatoes, cucumbers, potatoes, onions, other
fruits and vegetables, dairy products, meat, sugar and other
sweeteners, including high fructose corn syrup, spices, and
flour, as well as packaging materials such as glass, plastic,
metal, paper, fiberboard, and other materials in order to
manufacture products. The cost of such commodities may fluctuate
widely due to government policy and regulation, weather
conditions, or other unforeseen circumstances. To the extent
that any of the foregoing factors increase the prices of such
commodities and the Company is unable to increase its prices or
adequately hedge against such changes in a manner that offsets
such changes, the results of its operations could be materially
and adversely affected. Similarly, if supplier arrangements and
relationships result in increased and unforeseen expenses, the
Company’s financial results could be adversely impacted.

 Higher energy costs and other factors affecting the cost
 of producing, transporting, and distributing the Company’s
 products could adversely affect our financial results.

Rising fuel and energy costs may have a significant impact on
the cost of operations, including the manufacture, transport,
and distribution of products. Fuel costs may fluctuate due to a
number of factors outside the control of the Company, including
government policy and regulation and weather conditions.
Additionally, the Company may be unable to maintain favorable
arrangements

4

Table of Contents

with respect to the costs of procuring raw materials, packaging,
services, and transporting products, which could result in
increased expenses and negatively affect operations. If the
Company is unable to hedge against such increases or raise the
prices of its products to offset the changes, its results of
operations could be adversely affected.

 The results of the Company could be adversely impacted as
 a result of increased pension, labor, and people-related
 expenses.

Inflationary pressures and any shortages in the labor market
could increase labor costs, which could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s consolidated operating results or
financial condition. The Company’s labor costs include the
cost of providing employee benefits in the U.S. and foreign
jurisdictions, including pension, health and welfare, and
severance benefits. Any declines in stock market returns could
adversely impact the funding of health and welfare plans, the
assets of which are invested in a diversified portfolio of
equity securities and other investments. Additionally, the
annual costs of benefits vary with increased costs of health
care and the outcome of collectively-bargained wage and benefit
agreements.

 The impact of various food safety issues, environmental,
 legal, tax, and other regulations and related developments could
 adversely affect the Company’s sales and
 profitability.

The Company is subject to numerous food safety and other laws
and regulations regarding the manufacturing, marketing, and
distribution of food products. These regulations govern matters
such as ingredients, advertising, taxation, relations with
distributors and retailers, health and safety matters, and
environmental concerns. The ineffectiveness of the
Company’s planning and policies with respect to these
matters, and the need to comply with new or revised laws or
regulations with regard to licensing requirements, trade and
pricing practices, environmental permitting, or other food or
safety matters, or new interpretations or enforcement of
existing laws and regulations, may have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s sales and profitability. Avian flu
or other pandemics could disrupt production of the
Company’s products, reduce demand for certain of the
Company’s products, or disrupt the marketplace in the
foodservice or retail environment with consequent material
adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.

 The need for and effect of product recalls could have an
 adverse impact on the Company’s business.

If any of the Company’s products become misbranded or
adulterated, the Company may need to conduct a product recall.
The scope of such a recall could result in significant costs
incurred as a result of the recall, potential destruction of
inventory, and lost sales. Should consumption of any product
cause injury, the Company may be liable for monetary damages as
a result of a judgment against it. A significant product recall
or product liability case could cause a loss of consumer
confidence in the Company’s food products and could have a
material adverse effect on the value of its brands and results
of operations.

 The failure of new product or packaging introductions to
 gain trade and consumer acceptance and changes in consumer
 preferences could adversely affect our sales.

The success of the Company is dependent upon anticipating and
reacting to changes in consumer preferences, including health
and wellness. There are inherent marketplace risks associated
with new product or packaging introductions, including
uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. Moreover,
success is dependent upon the Company’s ability to identify
and respond to consumer trends through innovation. The Company
may be required to increase expenditures for new product
development. The Company may not be successful in developing new
products or improving existing products, or its new products may
not achieve consumer acceptance, each of which could negatively
impact sales.

5

Table of Contents

 The failure to successfully integrate acquisitions and
 joint ventures into our existing operations or the failure to
 gain applicable regulatory approval for such transactions could
 adversely affect our financial results.

The Company’s ability to efficiently integrate acquisitions
and joint ventures into its existing operations also affects the
financial success of such transactions. The Company may seek to
expand its business through acquisitions and joint ventures, and
may divest underperforming or non-core businesses. The
Company’s success depends, in part, upon its ability to
identify such acquisition and divestiture opportunities and to
negotiate favorable contractual terms. Activities in such areas
are regulated by numerous antitrust and competition laws in the
U. S., the European Union, and other jurisdictions, and the
Company may be required to obtain the approval of such
transactions by competition authorities, as well as satisfy
other legal requirements. The failure to obtain such approvals
could adversely affect our results.

 The Company’s operations face significant foreign
 currency exchange rate exposure, which could negatively impact
 its operating results.

The Company holds assets and incurs liabilities, earns revenue,
and pays expenses in a variety of currencies other than the U.
S. dollar, primarily the British Pound, Euro, Australian dollar,
Canadian dollar, and New Zealand dollar. The Company’s
consolidated financial statements are presented in U. S.
dollars, and therefore the Company must translate its assets,
liabilities, revenue, and expenses into U. S. dollars. Increases
or decreases in the value of the U. S. dollar may negatively
affect the value of these items in the Company’s
consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not
changed in their original currency. To the extent the Company
fails to manage its foreign currency exposure adequately, the
Company’s consolidated results of operations may be
negatively impacted.

 The failure to complete the strategic transformation
 through further simplification and cost savings could adversely
 affect the Company’s ability to increase net income.

As publicly announced, the Company has been implementing a
strategic transformation initiative to simplify its business,
further prune and realign its portfolio, sell underutilized
assets, reduce cost and increase efficiency, and sharpen its
focus on three core categories of Ketchup & Sauces, Meals
& Snacks, and Infant Food. The success of the Company could
be impacted by its inability to continue to execute on its plans
through product innovation, implementing cost-cutting measures,
enhancing processes and systems on a global basis, and growing
market share and volume. Additionally, the Company’s
inability to limit disruptions to the business resulting from
the emphasis on the three core categories and potential non-core
divestitures could adversely affect our financial results. The
failure to fully implement the plans could adversely affect the
Company’s ability to increase net income.