In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report,
 the following risks and uncertainties could materially and
 adversely affect the Company’s business, financial
 condition, and results of operations. Additional risks and
 uncertainties that are not presently known to the Company or are
 currently deemed by the Company to be immaterial also may impair
 the Company’s business operations and financial condition.

 Competitive
 product and pricing pressures in the food industry and the
 financial condition of customers and suppliers could adversely
 affect the Company’s ability to gain or maintain market
 share and/or profitability.

 The Company operates in the highly competitive food industry,
 competing with other companies that have varying abilities to
 withstand changing market conditions. Any significant change in
 the Company’s relationship with a major customer, including
 changes in product prices, sales volume, or contractual terms
 may impact financial results. Such changes may result because
 the Company’s competitors may have substantial financial,
 marketing, and other resources that may change the competitive
 environment. Private label brands sold by retail customers,
 which are typically sold at lower prices, are a source of
 competition for certain of our product lines. Such competition
 could cause the Company to reduce prices
 and/or
 increase capital, marketing, and other expenditures, or could
 result in the loss of category share. Such changes could have a
 material adverse impact on the Company’s net income. As the
 retail grocery trade continues to consolidate, the larger retail
 customers of the Company could seek to use their positions to
 improve their profitability through lower pricing and increased
 promotional programs. If the Company is unable to use its scale,
 marketing expertise, product innovation, and category leadership
 positions to respond to these changes, or is unable to increase
 its prices, its profitability and volume growth could be
 impacted in a materially adverse way. The success of our
 business depends, in part, upon the financial strength and
 viability of our suppliers and customers. The financial
 condition of those suppliers and customers are affected in large
 part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. A
 significant deterioration of their financial condition could
 adversely affect our financial results.

 6

Table of Contents

 The
 Company’s performance may be adversely affected by economic
 and political conditions in the U.S. and in various other
 nations where it does business.

 The Company’s performance has been in the past and may
 continue in the future to be impacted by economic and political
 conditions in the United States and in other nations. Such
 conditions and factors include changes in applicable laws and
 regulations, including changes in food and drug laws, accounting
 standards, taxation requirements and environmental laws. Other
 factors impacting our operations include export and import
 restrictions, currency exchange rates, recessionary conditions,
 foreign ownership restrictions, nationalization, conducting
 business in hyperinflationary environments, and terrorist acts
 and political unrest in the U.S., Venezuela and other
 international locations where the Company does business. Such
 factors in either domestic or foreign jurisdictions could
 materially and adversely affect our financial results.

 Increases
 in the cost and restrictions on the availability of raw
 materials could adversely affect our financial
 results.

 The Company sources raw materials including agricultural
 commodities such as tomatoes, cucumbers, potatoes, onions, other
 fruits and vegetables, dairy products, meat, sugar and other
 sweeteners, including high fructose corn syrup, spices, and
 flour, as well as packaging materials such as glass, plastic,
 metal, paper, fiberboard, and other materials in order to
 manufacture products. The availability or cost of such
 commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy and
 regulation, crop failures or shortages due to plant disease or
 insect and other pest infestation, weather conditions, increased
 demand for biofuels, or other unforeseen circumstances.
 Additionally, the cost of raw materials and finished products
 may fluctuate due to movements in cross-currency transaction
 rates. To the extent that any of the foregoing or other unknown
 factors increase the prices of such commodities or materials and
 the Company is unable to increase its prices or adequately hedge
 against such changes in a manner that offsets such changes, the
 results of its operations could be materially and adversely
 affected. Similarly, if supplier arrangements and relationships
 result in increased and unforeseen expenses, the Company’s
 financial results could be materially and adversely impacted.

 Disruption
 of our supply chain could adversely affect our
 business.

 Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution
 capabilities due to weather, natural disaster, fire, terrorism,
 pandemic, strikes, the financial
 and/or
 operational instability of key suppliers, distributors,
 warehousing and transportation providers, or brokers, or other
 reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our
 products. To the extent the Company is unable to, or cannot
 financially mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such
 events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur,
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single location,
 there could be a materially adverse affect on our business and
 results of operations, and additional resources could be
 required to restore our supply chain.

 Higher
 energy costs and other factors affecting the cost of producing,
 transporting, and distributing the Company’s products could
 adversely affect our financial results.

 Rising fuel and energy costs may have a significant impact on
 the cost of operations, including the manufacture,
 transportation, and distribution of products. Fuel costs may
 fluctuate due to a number of factors outside the control of the
 Company, including government policy and regulation and weather
 conditions. Additionally, the Company may be unable to maintain
 favorable arrangements with respect to the costs of procuring
 raw materials, packaging, services, and transporting products,
 which could result in increased expenses and negatively affect
 operations. If the Company is unable to hedge against such
 increases or raise the prices of its products to offset the
 changes, its results of operations could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 7

Table of Contents

 The
 results of the Company could be adversely impacted as a result
 of increased pension, labor, and people-related
 expenses.

 Inflationary pressures and any shortages in the labor market
 could increase labor costs, which could have a material adverse
 effect on the Company’s consolidated operating results or
 financial condition. The Company’s labor costs include the
 cost of providing employee benefits in the U.S. and foreign
 jurisdictions, including pension, health and welfare, and
 severance benefits. Any declines in market returns could
 adversely impact the funding of pension plans, the assets of
 which are invested in a diversified portfolio of equity and
 fixed income securities and other investments. Additionally, the
 annual costs of benefits vary with increased costs of health
 care and the outcome of collectively-bargained wage and benefit
 agreements.

 The
 impact of various food safety issues, environmental, legal, tax,
 and other regulations and related developments could adversely
 affect the Company’s sales and profitability.

 The Company is subject to numerous food safety and other laws
 and regulations regarding the manufacturing, marketing, and
 distribution of food products. These regulations govern matters
 such as ingredients, advertising, taxation, relations with
 distributors and retailers, health and safety matters, and
 environmental concerns. The ineffectiveness of the
 Company’s planning and policies with respect to these
 matters, and the need to comply with new or revised laws or
 regulations with regard to licensing requirements, trade and
 pricing practices, environmental permitting, or other food or
 safety matters, or new interpretations or enforcement of
 existing laws and regulations, may have a material adverse
 effect on the Company’s sales and profitability. Influenza
 or other pandemics could disrupt production of the
 Company’s products, reduce demand for certain of the
 Company’s products, or disrupt the marketplace in the
 foodservice or retail environment with consequent material
 adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.

 The
 need for and effect of product recalls could have an adverse
 impact on the Company’s business.

 If any of the Company’s products become misbranded or
 adulterated, the Company may need to conduct a product recall.
 The scope of such a recall could result in significant costs
 incurred as a result of the recall, potential destruction of
 inventory, and lost sales. Should consumption of any product
 cause injury, the Company may be liable for monetary damages as
 a result of a judgment against it. A significant product recall
 or product liability case could cause a loss of consumer
 confidence in the Company’s food products and could have a
 material adverse effect on the value of its brands and results
 of operations.

 The
 failure of new product or packaging introductions to gain trade
 and consumer acceptance and changes in consumer preferences
 could adversely affect our sales.

 The success of the Company is dependent upon anticipating and
 reacting to changes in consumer preferences, including health
 and wellness. There are inherent marketplace risks associated
 with new product or packaging introductions, including
 uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. Moreover,
 success is dependent upon the Company’s ability to identify
 and respond to consumer trends through innovation. The Company
 may be required to increase expenditures for new product
 development. The Company may not be successful in developing new
 products or improving existing products, or its new products may
 not achieve consumer acceptance, each of which could materially
 and negatively impact sales.

 8

Table of Contents

 The
 failure to successfully integrate acquisitions and joint
 ventures into our existing operations or the failure to gain
 applicable regulatory approval for such transactions or
 divestitures could adversely affect our financial
 results.

 The Company’s ability to efficiently integrate acquisitions
 and joint ventures into its existing operations also affects the
 financial success of such transactions. The Company may seek to
 expand its business through acquisitions and joint ventures, and
 may divest underperforming or non-core businesses. The
 Company’s success depends, in part, upon its ability to
 identify such acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture
 opportunities and to negotiate favorable contractual terms.
 Activities in such areas are regulated by numerous antitrust and
 competition laws in the U. S., the European Union, and other
 jurisdictions, and the Company may be required to obtain the
 approval of acquisition and joint venture transactions by
 competition authorities, as well as satisfy other legal
 requirements. The failure to obtain such approvals could
 materially and adversely affect our results.

 The
 Company’s operations face significant foreign currency
 exchange rate exposure, which could negatively impact its
 operating results.

 The Company holds assets and incurs liabilities, earns revenue,
 and pays expenses in a variety of currencies other than the
 U.S. dollar, primarily the British Pound, Euro, Australian
 dollar, Canadian dollar, and New Zealand dollar. The
 Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented
 in U.S. dollars, and therefore the Company must translate
 its assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses into
 U.S. dollars for external reporting purposes. Increases or
 decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar may materially
 and negatively affect the value of these items in the
 Company’s consolidated financial statements, even if their
 value has not changed in their original currency.

 The
 Company could incur more debt, which could have an adverse
 impact on our business.

 The Company may incur additional indebtedness in the future to
 fund acquisitions, repurchase shares, or fund other activities
 for general business purposes, which could result in a downward
 change in credit rating. The Company’s ability to make
 payments on and refinance its indebtedness and fund planned
 capital expenditures depends upon its ability to generate cash
 in the future. The cost of incurring additional debt could
 increase in the event of possible downgrades in the
 Company’s credit rating.

 The
 failure to implement our growth plans could adversely affect the
 Company’s ability to increase net income and generate
 cash.

 The success of the Company could be impacted by its inability to
 continue to execute on its growth plans regarding product
 innovation, implementing cost-cutting measures, improving supply
 chain efficiency, enhancing processes and systems, including
 information technology systems, on a global basis, and growing
 market share and volume. The failure to fully implement the
 plans, in a timely manner or within our cost estimates, could
 materially and adversely affect the Company’s ability to
 increase net income. Additionally, the Company’s ability to
 pay cash dividends will depend upon its ability to generate cash
 and profits, which, to a certain extent, is subject to economic,
 financial, competitive, and other factors beyond the
 Company’s control.

 CAUTIONARY
 STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

 Statements about future growth, profitability, costs,
 expectations, plans, or objectives included in this report,
 including in management’s discussion and analysis, and the
 financial statements and footnotes, are forward-looking
 statements based on management’s estimates, assumptions,
 and projections. These forward-looking statements are subject to
 risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors,
 many of which may be beyond the Company’s control and could
 cause

 9

Table of Contents

 actual results to differ materially from those expressed or
 implied in this report and the financial statements and
 footnotes. Uncertainties contained in such statements include,
 but are not limited to:

 • 

 sales, earnings, and volume growth,

 • 

 general economic, political, and industry conditions, including
 those that could impact consumer spending,

 • 

 competitive conditions, which affect, among other things,
 customer preferences and the pricing of products, production,
 and energy costs,

 • 

 competition from lower-priced private label brands,

 • 

 increases in the cost and restrictions on the availability of
 raw materials including agricultural commodities and packaging
 materials, the ability to increase product prices in response,
 and the impact on profitability,

 • 

 the ability to identify and anticipate and respond through
 innovation to consumer trends,

 • 

 the need for product recalls,

 • 

 the ability to maintain favorable supplier and customer
 relationships, and the financial viability of those suppliers
 and customers,

 • 

 currency valuations and interest rate fluctuations,

 • 

 changes in credit ratings, leverage, and economic conditions,
 and the impact of these factors on our cost of borrowing and
 access to capital markets,

 • 

 our ability to effectuate our strategy, which includes our
 continued evaluation of potential acquisition opportunities,
 including strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures
 and other initiatives, including our ability to identify,
 finance and complete these initiatives, and our ability to
 realize anticipated benefits from them,

 • 

 the ability to successfully complete cost reduction programs and
 increase productivity,

 • 

 the ability to effectively integrate acquired businesses,

 • 

 new products, packaging innovations, and product mix,

 • 

 the effectiveness of advertising, marketing, and promotional
 programs,

 • 

 supply chain efficiency,

 • 

 cash flow initiatives,

 • 

 risks inherent in litigation, including tax litigation,

 • 

 the ability to further penetrate and grow and the risk of doing
 business in international markets, economic or political
 instability in those markets, particularly in Venezuela, and the
 performance of business in hyperinflationary environments,

 • 

 changes in estimates in critical accounting judgments and
 changes in laws and regulations, including tax laws,

 • 

 the success of tax planning strategies,

 • 

 the possibility of increased pension expense and contributions
 and other people-related costs,

 • 

 the potential adverse impact of natural disasters, such as
 flooding and crop failures,

 • 

 the ability to implement new information systems and potential
 disruptions due to failures in technology systems,

 10

Table of Contents

 • 

 with regard to dividends, dividends must be declared by the
 Board of Directors and will be subject to certain legal
 requirements being met at the time of declaration, as well as
 our Board’s view of our anticipated cash needs, and

 • 

 other factors as described in “Risk Factors” above.

 The forward-looking statements are and will be based on
 management’s then current views and assumptions regarding
 future events and speak only as of their dates. The Company
 undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any
 forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
 information, future events or otherwise, except as required by
 the securities laws.