An
investment in Harley-Davidson, Inc. involves risks, including those
discussed below.  These risk factors
should be considered carefully before deciding whether to invest in the
Company.

·

The
Company sells its products at wholesale and must rely on a network of
independent dealers and distributors to manage the retail distribution of its
products.  The Company depends on the capability of its
independent dealers and distributors to develop and implement effective retail
sales plans to create demand for the motorcycles and related products and
services they purchase from the Company. If the Company’s independent dealers
and distributors are not successful in these endeavors, then the Company will
be unable to maintain or grow its revenues and to meet its financial
expectations.

·

The
Company and its independent dealers must balance the economies of level
production with a more seasonal retail sales pattern.  The
Company generally records the sale of a motorcycle when it is shipped to the
Company’s independent dealers and distributors. 
In the past, the Company has not experienced seasonal fluctuations in
its wholesale motorcycle sales, and as a result, the Company has been able to
maintain production that is relatively level. 
Also, in more recent years, the Company increased the availability of
its motorcycles at dealerships to help improve the customer experience.  The increased availability of motorcycles has
resulted in the timing of retail purchases tracking more closely with regional
motorcycle riding seasons.  This requires
the Company to adapt its methods for allocating its products to its dealer
network so that allocation methods are aligned with retail demand.  In addition, the Company’s independent
dealers and distributors must manage seasonal increases in inventory.  As a result, the Company and its independent
dealers and distributors must balance the economies of level production with
the inventory costs associated with a more seasonal retail sales pattern.  Failure to balance the two, or the inability
of the Company to adequately adjust its allocation methods, may have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.

·

The Company’s dealers may
experience a decline in retail sales resulting from slowing economic growth,
political events or other factors. 
The motorcycle industry can be affected by
general economic and political conditions, among other factors, over which
motorcycle manufacturers have little control. These factors may cause a weak
retail environment for discretionary purchases and the decision to purchase a
motorcycle may be affected by these factors. Should industry demand decline,
our results of operations and financial condition may be substantially
adversely affected.

·

The
Company has a number of competitors of varying sizes that are based both inside
and outside the United States some of which have greater financial resources
than the Company.  Many of the Company’s competitors are more
diversified than the Company, and they may compete in the automotive market or
all segments of the motorcycle market. 
Also, the Company’s manufacturer’s suggested retail price for its
motorcycles is generally higher than its competitors, and if price becomes a
more important competitive factor for consumers in the heavyweight motorcycle
market, the Company may have a competitive disadvantage.  In addition, the Company’s financial services
operations face significant competition from various banks, insurance companies
and other financial institutions, some of which are larger and offer more
financial products than the Company. 
Failure to adequately address and respond to these competitive pressures
worldwide may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and
results of operations.

·

The
Company’s marketing strategy of associating its motorcycle products with a
motorcycling lifestyle may not be successful with future customers.  The
Company has been successful in marketing its products in large part by
promoting the experience of motorcycling. 
This lifestyle is now more typically associated with a retail customer
base comprised of individuals who are, on average, in their mid-forties.  To sustain long-term growth, the Company must
continue to be successful in promoting motorcycling to customers new to the
sport of motorcycling including women, younger riders and more ethnically
diverse riders.

15

·

The
Company’s success depends upon the continued strength of the Harley-Davidson
brand.  The Company believes that the Harley-Davidson
brand has significantly contributed to the success of its business and that
maintaining and enhancing the brand is critical to expanding its customer
base.  Failure to protect the brand from
infringers or to grow the value of the Harley-Davidson brand may have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.

·

The
Company’s prospects for future growth are largely dependent upon its ability to
develop and successfully introduce new, innovative and compliant products.  The
motorcycle market continues to advance in terms of cutting edge styling and new
technology and, at the same time, be subject to increasing regulations related
to safety and emissions.  The Company
must continue to distinguish its products from its competitors’ products with
unique styling and new technologies and to protect its intellectual property
from imitators.  In addition, these new
products must comply with applicable regulations worldwide.  The Company must make product advancements
while maintaining the classic look, sound and feel associated with
Harley-Davidson products.  The Company
must also be able to design and manufacture these products and deliver them to
the marketplace in a timely manner. 
There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in these
endeavors or that existing and prospective customers will like or want the
Company’s new products.

·

The
Company’s Motorcycles segment is dependent upon unionized labor. 
Substantially all of the hourly employees working in the Motorcycles
segment are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining
agreements.  Harley-Davidson Motor Company
is currently a party to five collective bargaining agreements with local
affiliates of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers
and the United Steelworkers of America that expire during March 2008, February 2010
and July 2012.  These collective
bargaining agreements generally cover wages, healthcare benefits and retirement
plans, seniority, job classes and work rules. 
There is no certainty that the Company will be successful in negotiating
new agreements with these unions that extend beyond the current expiration
dates or that these new agreements will be on terms as favorable to the Company
as past labor agreements.  Failure to
renew these agreements when they expire or to establish new collective
bargaining agreements on terms acceptable to the Company and the unions could
result in work stoppages or other labor disruptions which may have a
material adverse effect on customer relationships and the Company’s business
and results of operations.

·

The
Company’s operations are dependent upon attracting and retaining skilled
employees.  The Company’s future success depends on its
continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain skilled
personnel for all areas of its organization. 
The current and future total compensation arrangements, which include
benefits and cash bonuses, may not be successful in attracting new employees
and retaining and motivating the Company’s existing employees.  If the Company does not succeed in attracting
personnel or retaining and motivating existing personnel, the Company may be
unable to develop and distribute products and services and grow effectively.

·

The
Company incurs substantial costs with respect to pension benefits and providing
healthcare for its employees.  The Company’s estimates of liabilities and
expenses for pensions and other post-retirement healthcare benefits require the
use of assumptions.  They include the
rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the rate of return on
plan assets and several assumptions relating to the employee workforce (salary
increases, medical costs, retirement age and mortality).  Actual results may differ which may have a
material adverse effect on future results of operations, liquidity or
shareholders’ equity.  In addition,
rising healthcare and retirement benefit costs in the United States may put the
Company under significant cost pressure as compared to our competitors.

·

The
Company manufactures products that create exposure to product liability claims
and litigation.  To the extent plaintiffs are successful in
showing that personal injury or property damage result from defects in the
design or manufacture of the Company’s products, the Company may be subject to
claims for damages that are not covered by insurance.  The costs associated with defending product
liability claims, including frivolous lawsuits, and payment of damages could be
substantial.  The Company’s reputation
may also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful.

16

·

The
Company relies on third party suppliers to obtain raw materials and provide
component parts 
for use in the manufacture of its motorcycles.  The Company cannot be certain that it will
not experience supply problems such as unfavorable pricing or untimely delivery
of raw materials and components.  In
certain circumstances, the Company relies on a single supplier to provide the
entire requirement of a specific part and a change in this established supply
relationship may cause disruption in the Company’s production schedule.  In addition, the price and availability of
raw materials and component parts from suppliers can be adversely affected by
factors outside of the Company’s control such as increased worldwide
demand.  Further, Company suppliers who
also serve the automotive industry may be experiencing financial difficulties
due to a downturn in that industry. 
These supplier risks may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business and results of operations.

·

The
Company must maintain its reputation of being a good corporate citizen and
treating customers, employees, suppliers and other stakeholders fairly.  The Company has a history of good corporate governance.  Prior to the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the “Act”), the Company had in place many of the corporate
governance procedures and processes now mandated by the Act and related rules and
regulations, such as Board Committee Charters and a Corporate Governance
Policy.  In 1992, the Company established
a Code of Business Conduct that defines how employees interact with various
Company stakeholders and addresses issues such as confidentiality, conflict of
interest and fair dealing.  Failure to
maintain this reputation may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business and results of operations.

·

The
Company must invest in and successfully implement new information systems and
technology. The Company is
continually modifying and enhancing its systems and technology to increase
productivity and efficiency.  When
implemented, the systems and technology may not provide the benefits
anticipated and could add costs and complications to ongoing operations, which
may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of
operations.

·

The
Company is and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and
commercial or contractual disputes.  These are typically claims that
arise in the normal course of business. The uncertainty associated with
substantial unresolved claims and lawsuits may harm the Company’s business,
financial condition, reputation and brand. 
The defense of the lawsuits may result in the expenditures of
significant financial resources and the diversion of management’s time and
attention away from business operations.  In addition, although we are unable to
determine the amount, if any, that we may be required to pay in connection with
the resolution of the lawsuits by settlement or otherwise, any such payment may
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of
operations.  See Item 3. Legal Proceedings
for additional detail regarding lawsuits and other claims against the Company.

·

The
Company must comply with governmental laws and regulations that are subject to
change and involve significant costs.  The Company’s sales and operations in areas
outside the U.S. may be subject to foreign laws, regulations and the legal
systems of foreign courts or tribunals. 
These laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies
may result in increased costs or restrictions on the ability of the Company to
sell its products in certain countries. 
The Company’s international sales operations may also be adversely
affected by United States laws affecting foreign trade and taxation.

The Company is subject to
income and non-income based taxes in the United States and in various foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide
income tax liabilities and other tax liabilities.  The Company believes that it complies with
applicable tax law. If the governing tax authorities have a different
interpretation of the applicable law or if there is a change in tax law, our
financial condition and/or results of operations may be adversely affected.

The
Company’s domestic sales and operations are subject to governmental policies
and regulatory actions of agencies of the United States Government, including
the Environmental Protection Agency, SEC, National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration, Department of Labor and Federal Trade Commission.  In addition, the Company’s sales and
operations are also subject to laws and actions of 

17

state
legislatures    
and other local regulators, including dealer
statutes and licensing laws.  Changes in
regulations or the imposition of additional regulations may have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.

Our
motorcycle products use internal combustion engines.  These motorcycle
products are subject to statutory and regulatory requirements governing
emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the EPA, state regulatory
agencies, such as CARB, and other regulatory agencies around the world. 
We are also subject to statutory and regulatory requirements governing
emissions and noise in the conduct of our manufacturing operations.  Any
significant change to the regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise
may substantially increase the cost of manufacturing our products. 
Further, in response to concerns about global climate changes, we may face
greater regulatory or customer pressure to develop products that generate less
emissions.  This may require us to spend additional funds on research,
product development, implementation costs and subject us to the risk that our
competitors may respond to these pressures in a manner that gives them a
competitive advantage.

The
Company’s financial services operations are governed by various foreign,
federal and state laws that more specifically affect general financial and
lending institutions.  The Company’s
financial services operations originate the majority of its consumer loans
through its subsidiary, Eaglemark Savings Bank. 
Changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations may
affect the earnings of the financial services operations and have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.  Any unauthorized release of consumer data may
subject the Company to liability and adversely affect the Company’s reputation.

In
addition, the Company is also subject to policies and actions of the New York
Stock Exchange (“NYSE”).  Many major
competitors of the Company are not subject to the requirements of the SEC or
the NYSE rules.  As a result, the Company
may be required to disclose certain information that may put the Company at a
competitive disadvantage to its principal competitors.

·

Breaches of security involving
consumers’ personal data may adversely affect the Company’s reputation, revenue
and earnings.  The
Company receives and stores personal information in connection with its
financial services operations, the Harley Owners Group and other aspects of its
business.  Breach of the systems on which
sensitive consumer information is stored or other unauthorized release of
consumer information may adversely affect the Company’s reputation and lead to
claims against the Company.

·

The
Company’s financial services operations are highly dependent on accessing
capital markets to fund its operations at attractive interest rates.  The
Company’s ability to access unsecured capital markets is influenced by its
short term and long term credit ratings.  The Company currently has
strong credit ratings; however, in November 2007 Standard & Poor’s
Ratings Services lowered the Company’s long term corporate credit ratings.  If the Company’s credit ratings are
downgraded further, its cost of borrowing may be adversely affected resulting
in reduced earnings and interest margins.

·

The
Company’s financial services operations rely on 
external
sources to finance a significant
portion of its operations
. 
Liquidity is essential to the Company’s
financial services business. The financial services business may be negatively
affected by an inability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt
capital markets or the equity capital markets. Factors that it cannot control,
such as disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the
financial services industry in general, may impair our ability to raise
funding.

·

The
Company’s financial services operations are exposed to credit risk on its retail
and wholesale receivables.   Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from
a failure by a customer to meet the terms of any contract with the
Company.  Credit losses are influenced by
general business and economic conditions, as well as contract terms, customer
credit profiles and the new and used motorcycle market.  Negative changes in general 

18

business, economic or market factors may adversely impact the Company’s
credit losses and future earnings. 
Credit exposure is significantly sensitive to any decline in new and
used motorcycle prices.  In addition, the
frequency of losses may be negatively influenced by adverse changes in
macro-economic factors, such as unemployment rates and bankruptcy filings.

·

The
Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign exchange rates and
interest rates. The Company
sells its products internationally and in most markets those sales are made in
the foreign country’s local currency. 
Earnings from the Company’s financial services business are affected by
changes in interest rates.  The Company uses derivative financial
instruments to attempt to manage foreign currency exchange rates and interest
rate risks.  There can be no assurance
that in the future the Company will successfully manage these risks.

The
Company disclaims any obligation to update these Risk Factors or any other
forward-looking statements.  The Company
assumes no obligation (and specifically disclaims any such obligation) to
update these Risk Factors or any other forward-looking statements to reflect
actual results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such
forward-looking statements.