An
investment in Harley-Davidson, Inc. involves risks, including those discussed below. These risk factors should be considered carefully before deciding whether to invest in the Company. 

•

 The Company may not be able to successfully execute its new long-term business strategy. The Company may not be able to successfully execute the
long-term business strategy that the Company announced on October 15, 2009. If the Company is not able, on a timely and cost effective basis, to successfully exit certain product lines and divest certain company assets as part of the strategy,
the result could be increased costs and diversion of management attention from its focus. In addition, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to drive growth to the extent desired through its focus of efforts and resources on the
Harley-Davidson brand or to enhance productivity and profitability to the extent desired through continuous improvement. 

•

 Expanding international sales subjects the Company to risks that may have a material adverse effect on its business. Expanding international
sales is a part of the Company’s long-term business strategy. International operations and sales are subject to various risks, including political and economic instability, local labor market conditions, the imposition of foreign tariffs and
other trade barriers, the impact of foreign government regulations and the effects of income and withholding taxes, governmental expropriation and differences in business practices. The Company may incur increased costs and experience delays or
disruptions in product deliveries and payments in connection with international operations and sales that could cause loss of revenues and earnings. Unfavorable changes in the political, regulatory and business climate could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s net sales, financial condition, profitability or cash flows. 

•

 The Company must effectively execute the Company’s restructuring plans within expected costs. During 2009, the Company announced a
combination of restructuring actions that are designed to reduce excess capacity, exit non-core business operations and lower the Company’s cost structure. Effectively executing these plans within expected costs and realizing expected benefits
will depend upon a number of factors, including the time required to complete planned actions, effective

13 

Table of Contents

collaboration and agreement with the unions representing the Company’s employees, the absence of material issues associated with workforce reductions, availability of and effective use of
third party service providers to assist in implementing the actions, avoidance of unexpected disruptions in production, retention of key employees involved in implementing the restructuring plans and the ability of the Company to sell or lease
vacated facilities. 

•

 The Company sells its products at wholesale and must rely on a network of independent dealers and distributors to manage the retail distribution of
its products. The Company depends on the capability of its independent dealers and distributors to develop and implement effective retail sales plans to create demand among retail purchasers for the motorcycles and related products and services
that the dealers and distributors purchase from the Company. If the Company’s independent dealers and distributors are not successful in these endeavors, then the Company will be unable to maintain or grow its revenues and meet its financial
expectations. Further, independent dealers and distributors may experience difficulty in funding their day-to-day cash flow needs and paying their obligations because of weakened retail sales and tightening credit. If dealers are unsuccessful, they
may exit or be forced to exit the business or, in some cases, the Company may seek to terminate relationships with certain dealerships. As a result, the Company could face additional adverse consequences related to the termination of dealer
relationships. Additionally, liquidating a former dealer’s inventory of new and used motorcycles can add downward pressure on new and used motorcycle prices. Further, the unplanned loss of any of the Company’s independent dealers may lead
to inadequate market coverage for retail sales of new motorcycles and for servicing previously sold motorcycles, create negative impressions of the Company with its retail customers, and adversely impact the Company’s ability to collect
wholesale receivables that are associated with that dealer. 

•

 The Company’s dealers may experience a further decline in retail sales resulting from general economic conditions, tightening of credit,
political events or other factors. The motorcycle industry has been affected by general economic conditions over which motorcycle manufacturers have little control. These factors have caused a weaker retail environment leading to weaker demand
for discretionary purchases, and the decision to purchase a motorcycle has been and may continue to be affected by these factors. The related tightening of credit has led to more limited availability of funds from financial institutions and other
lenders and sources of capital which has adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect the ability of retail consumers to obtain loans for the purchase of motorcycles from lenders, including HDFS. Should general economic conditions or
motorcycle industry demand continue to decline, our results of operations and financial condition may be further substantially adversely affected. The motorcycle industry can also be affected by political conditions and other factors over which
motorcycle manufacturers have little control. 

•

 The Company’s dealers may experience a further decline in retail sales resulting from declining prices for used motorcycles and excess supplies
of new motorcycles. The Company has observed that prices for used Harley-Davidson motorcycles have declined in recent years, which has had and may continue to have the effect of reducing demand among retail purchasers for new Harley-Davidson
motorcycles (at manufacturer’s suggested retail prices). Also, while the Company has taken steps designed to reduce production of its new motorcycles in an effort to keep supply in line with demand, the Company’s competitors could choose
to supply additional new motorcycles to the market at reduced prices which could also have the effect of reducing demand for new Harley-Davidson motorcycles (at manufacturer’s suggested retail prices). Ultimately, reduced demand among retail
purchasers for new Harley-Davidson motorcycles leads to reduced shipments by the Company. 

•

 The Company may not be able to successfully execute its manufacturing strategy. The Company’s manufacturing strategy is designed to
continuously improve product quality, increase productivity, reduce costs and increase flexibility to respond to changes in the marketplace. The Company believes flexible manufacturing, including flexible supply chains and flexible labor agreements,
is the key element to enable improvements in the Company’s ability to respond to customers in a cost effective manner. To implement this strategy, the Company must be successful in its continuous improvement

14 

Table of Contents

efforts which are dependent on the involvement of management, production employees and suppliers. Any inability to achieve these objectives could adversely impact the profitability of the
Company’s products and its ability to deliver the right product at the right time to the customer. 

•

 The Company and its independent dealers must balance the economies of level production with a more seasonal retail sales pattern. The Company
generally records the sale of a motorcycle when it is shipped to the Company’s independent dealers and distributors. In the past few years, increased availability of Harley-Davidson motorcycles has resulted in the timing of retail purchases
tracking more closely with regional motorcycle riding seasons. The seasonality of the Company’s wholesale shipments affects its ability to continue to maintain relatively level production, inventories and shipments throughout the year. As a
result, the Company and its independent dealers and distributors must balance the economies of level production with the inventory and other costs associated with a more seasonal retail sales pattern. Failure to balance the two, or any failure of
the Company to adequately adjust its methods of distributing motorcycles among its independent dealers and distributors, may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 The Company relies on third party suppliers to obtain raw materials and provide component parts for use in the manufacture of its motorcycles.
The Company cannot be certain that it will not experience supply problems such as unfavorable pricing or untimely delivery of raw materials and components. In certain circumstances, the Company relies on a single supplier to provide the entire
requirement of a specific part, and a change in this established supply relationship may cause disruption in the Company’s production schedule. In addition, the price and availability of raw materials and component parts from suppliers can be
adversely affected by factors outside of the Company’s control such as the supply of a necessary raw material. Further, Company suppliers may experience difficulty due to financial market disruption in funding their day-to-day cash flow needs
because of tightening credit, and those suppliers who also serve the automotive industry may be experiencing financial difficulties due to a downturn in that industry, which could adversely affect their ability to supply the Company. These supplier
risks may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 Government actions to stabilize credit markets in 2009 are scheduled to end in 2010 which could have a negative impact on capital markets. In
2009, the U.S. Government enacted legislation and created several programs to help stabilize credit markets and financial institutions and restore liquidity, including the Federal Reserve’s Commercial Paper Funding Facility (CPFF) and the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Term Asset-backed securities Loan Facility (TALF) program, both of which are scheduled to expire in 2010. The expiration of these programs could have a negative impact on capital markets and limit the
Company’s access to capital market funding. These negative consequences may in turn adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations in various ways, including through higher costs of capital, reduced funds available
through its financial services operations to provide loans to independent dealers and their retail customers, and dilution to existing shareholders through the use of alternative sources of capital. 

•

 The Company’s financial services operations rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of its operations. Liquidity is
essential to the Company’s financial services business. The disruptions in the financial markets since 2008 have caused many lenders and institutional investors to reduce and, in some cases, cease to loan money to borrowers including financial
institutions. The disruption has affected and could continue to affect the Company’s choice of financing sources and its ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all. 

The Company’s financial services operations may be negatively affected by the difficulty in raising funding in the long-term and
short-term capital markets. These negative consequences may in turn adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations in various ways, including through higher costs of capital, reduced funds available through its financial
services operations to provide loans to independent dealers and their retail customers, and dilution to existing shareholders through the use of alternative sources of capital. 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 The Company’s financial services operations are highly dependent on accessing capital markets to fund their operations at competitive interest
rates, the Company’s access to capital and its cost of capital are highly dependent upon its credit ratings, and any negative credit rating actions will adversely affect its earnings and results of operations. The ability of the Company and
its financial services operations to access unsecured capital markets is influenced by their short-term and long-term credit ratings. If the Company’s credit ratings are downgraded or its ratings outlook is negatively changed, the
Company’s cost of borrowing will increase, resulting in reduced earnings and interest margins, or the Company’s access to capital may be disrupted or impaired. 

•

 The Company’s financial services operations are exposed to credit risk on its retail and wholesale receivables. Credit risk is the risk of
loss arising from a failure by a customer to meet the terms of any contract with the Company’s financial services operations. Credit losses are influenced by general business and economic conditions, including unemployment rates, bankruptcy
filings and other factors that negatively affect household incomes, as well as contract terms, customer credit profiles and the new and used motorcycle market. The market turmoil since 2008 has resulted in the tightening of credit, a lack of
consumer confidence, unemployment and increased market volatility, all of which have led to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies. The Company’s financial services operations had higher retail receivables outstanding
during 2009 as compared to 2008, due to a reduction in off-balance sheet term asset-backed securitization activity throughout 2008 and the utilization of on-balance sheet term asset-backed securitizations during 2009, and therefore retained
increased on-balance sheet credit risk from retail receivables. Further negative changes in general business, economic or market factors may have an additional adverse impact on the Company’s financial services credit losses and future
earnings. For example, the Company’s financial services operations conduct business primarily in the United States and, as a result of recessionary conditions in the United States economy, delinquencies on receivables that the Company’s
financial services operations owns or services have increased. Credit losses have increased as a result of a higher frequency of loss and higher average loss per Harley-Davidson branded motorcycle resulting from continued pressure on values for
repossessed Harley-Davidson branded motorcycles. In addition, if there are adverse circumstances that involve a material decline in values of Harley-Davidson-branded motorcycles, those circumstances or any related decline in resale values for
Harley-Davidson-branded motorcycles could contribute to increased delinquencies and credit losses. 

•

 The Company has a number of competitors of varying sizes that are based both inside and outside the United States some of which have greater
financial resources than the Company. Many of the Company’s competitors are more diversified than the Company, and they may compete in the automotive market or all segments of the motorcycle market. Also, the Company’s
manufacturer’s suggested retail price for its motorcycles is generally higher than its competitors, and if price becomes a more important competitive factor for consumers in the heavyweight motorcycle market, the Company may be at a competitive
disadvantage. In addition, the Company’s financial services operations face competition from various banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions that may have access to additional sources of capital at more competitive rates and
terms, particularly for borrowers in higher credit tiers. Failure to adequately address and respond to these competitive pressures worldwide and in the U.S. may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.

•

 The Company’s marketing strategy of appealing to and growing sales to multi-generational and multi-cultural customers worldwide may not
continue to be successful. The Company has been successful in marketing its products in large part by promoting the experience of motorcycling. To sustain and grow the business over the long-term, the Company must continue to be successful
selling products and promoting the experience of motorcycling to both core customers and outreach customers such as women, young adults and ethnically diverse adults. 

•

 The Company’s success depends upon the continued strength of the Harley-Davidson brand. The Company believes that the Harley-Davidson brand
has significantly contributed to the success of its

16 

Table of Contents

business and that maintaining and enhancing the brand is critical to expanding its customer base. Failure to protect the brand from infringers or to grow the value of the Harley-Davidson brand
may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 The Company’s ability to remain competitive is dependent upon its capability to develop and successfully introduce new, innovative and
compliant products. The motorcycle market continues to advance in terms of cutting edge styling and new technology and, at the same time, be subject to increasing regulations related to safety and emissions. The Company must continue to
distinguish its products from its competitors’ products with unique styling and new technologies and to protect its intellectual property from imitators. In addition, these new products must comply with applicable regulations worldwide and
satisfy the potential demand for products that produce lower emissions. The Company must make product advancements while maintaining the classic look, sound and feel associated with Harley-Davidson products. The Company must also be able to design
and manufacture these products and deliver them to the marketplace in an efficient and timely manner. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in these endeavors or that existing and prospective customers will like or want the
Company’s new products. 

•

 The Company’s Motorcycles segment is dependent upon unionized labor
. Substantially all of the hourly employees working in the
Motorcycles segment are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. Harley-Davidson Motor Company is currently a party to five collective bargaining agreements with local affiliates of the International Association of
Machinists and Aerospace Workers and the United Steelworkers of America that expire March 31, 2012, July 29, 2012 and February 2, 2017. These collective bargaining agreements generally cover wages, healthcare benefits and
retirement plans, seniority, job classes and work rules. There is no certainty that the Company will be successful in negotiating new agreements with these unions that extend beyond the current expiration dates or that these new agreements will be
on terms as favorable to the Company as past labor agreements. Failure to renew these agreements when they expire or to establish new collective bargaining agreements on terms acceptable to the Company and the unions could result in work stoppages
or other labor disruptions which may have a material adverse effect on customer relationships and the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 The Company’s operations are dependent upon attracting and retaining skilled employees, including executive officers. The Company’s future
success depends on its continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain skilled personnel for all areas of its organization. The Company’s current and future total compensation arrangements, which include benefits and cash
bonuses, may not be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating the Company’s existing employees. If the Company does not succeed in attracting personnel or retaining and motivating existing personnel, including
executive officers, the Company may be unable to develop and distribute products and services and effectively execute its plans and strategies. 

•

 The Company incurs substantial costs with respect to employee pension and healthcare benefits. The Company’s cash funding requirements and
its estimates of liabilities and expenses for pensions and healthcare benefits for both active and retired employees are based on several factors that are outside the Company’s control. These factors include funding requirements of the Pension
Protection Act of 2006, the rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the rate of return on plan assets, medical costs, retirement age and mortality. Changes in these factors can impact the expense and cash requirements associated with
these benefits which could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. In addition, costs associated with these benefits put the Company under significant cost pressure as compared to our
competitors that may not bear the costs of similar benefit plans. 

•

 The Company manufactures products that create exposure to product liability claims and litigation. To the extent plaintiffs are successful in
showing that personal injury or property damage result from defects in the design or manufacture of the Company’s products, the Company may be

17 

Table of Contents

subject to claims for damages that are not covered by insurance. The costs associated with defending product liability claims, including frivolous lawsuits, and payment of damages could be
substantial. The Company’s reputation may also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful. 

•

 The Company must maintain its reputation of being a good corporate citizen and treating customers, employees, suppliers and other stakeholders
fairly. The Company has a history of good corporate governance. Prior to the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Act”), the Company had in place many of the corporate governance procedures and processes now mandated by
the Act and related rules and regulations, such as Board Committee Charters and a Corporate Governance Policy. In 1992, the Company established a Code of Business Conduct that defines how employees interact with various Company stakeholders and
addresses issues such as confidentiality, conflict of interest and fair dealing. Failure to maintain this reputation may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 The Company must invest in and successfully implement new information systems and technology. The Company is continually modifying and enhancing
its systems and technology to increase productivity and efficiency. When implemented, the systems and technology may not provide the benefits anticipated and could add costs and complications to ongoing operations, which may have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 The Company is and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. These are typically claims that
arise in the normal course of business. The uncertainty associated with substantial unresolved claims and lawsuits may harm the Company’s business, financial condition, reputation and brand. The defense of the lawsuits may result in the
expenditures of significant financial resources and the diversion of management’s time and attention away from business operations. In addition, although we are unable to determine the amount, if any, that we may be required to pay in
connection with the resolution of the lawsuits by settlement or otherwise, any such payment may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. Refer to the Company’s disclosures concerning legal
proceedings in the periodic reports that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission for additional detail regarding lawsuits and other claims against the Company. 

•

 The Company must comply with governmental laws and regulations that are subject to change and involve significant costs. The Company’s
sales and operations in areas outside the U.S. may be subject to foreign laws, regulations and the legal systems of foreign courts or tribunals. These laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies may result in increased costs or
restrictions on the ability of the Company to sell its products in certain countries. The Company’s international sales operations may also be adversely affected by United States laws affecting foreign trade and taxation.

The Company is subject to income and non-income based taxes in the United States and in various foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax liabilities and other tax liabilities. The Company believes that it complies with applicable tax law. If the governing tax authorities have a different
interpretation of the applicable law or if there is a change in tax law, our financial condition and/or results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The Company’s domestic sales and operations are subject to governmental policies and regulatory actions of agencies of the United States Government, including the Environmental Protection Agency
(“EPA”), SEC, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Labor and Federal Trade Commission. In addition, the Company’s sales and operations are also subject to laws and actions of state legislatures and other local
regulators, including dealer statutes and licensing laws. Changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

The Company’s motorcycle products use internal combustion engines. These motorcycle products are subject to statutory and regulatory
requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards

18 

Table of Contents

imposed by the EPA, state regulatory agencies, such as California Air Resources Board, and regulatory agencies in certain foreign countries where the Company’s motorcycle products are sold.
The Company is also subject to statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise in the conduct of the Company’s manufacturing operations. Any significant change to the regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise may
substantially increase the cost of manufacturing the Company’s products. Further, in response to concerns about global climate changes, the Company may face greater regulatory or customer pressure to develop products that generate less
emissions. This may require the Company to spend additional funds on research, product development, implementation costs and subject the Company to the risk that the Company’s competitors may respond to these pressures in a manner that gives
them a competitive advantage. 

The Company’s financial services operations are governed by various foreign, federal and
state laws that more specifically affect general financial and lending institutions. The financial services operations originate the majority of its consumer loans through its subsidiary, Eaglemark Savings Bank, a Nevada state thrift chartered as an
industrial loan company. The U.S. Congress is currently considering several proposals that would impose additional regulation and supervision over the financial services industry. For example, the U.S. House Financial Services Committee has prepared
a discussion draft of legislation that would impose additional oversight over the financial parent of an industrial loan company. This additional oversight may include regulation of HDFS and/or its subsidiaries by the Federal Reserve Board in
addition to its current regulators, the FDIC and state banking authorities. Failure to comply with these regulations, changes in these or other regulations, or the imposition of additional regulations, could affect HDFS’ earnings, limit its
access to capital, limit the number of loans eligible for HDFS securitization programs and have a material adverse effect on HDFS’ business and results of operations. 

In addition, the Company is also subject to policies and actions of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). Many major competitors of the Company are not subject to the requirements of the SEC or
the NYSE rules. As a result, the Company may be required to disclose certain information that may put the Company at a competitive disadvantage to its principal competitors. 

•

 Breaches of security involving consumers’ personal data may adversely affect the Company’s reputation, revenue and earnings. The
Company receives and stores personal information in connection with its financial services operations, the Harley Owners Group and other aspects of its business. Breach of the systems on which sensitive consumer information is stored or other
unauthorized release of consumer information may adversely affect the Company’s reputation and lead to claims against the Company. 

•

 The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. The Company sells its
products internationally and in most markets those sales are made in the foreign country’s local currency. The Company is also subject to risks associated with changes in prices of commodities. Earnings from the Company’s financial
services business are affected by changes in interest rates. The Company uses derivative financial instruments to attempt to manage foreign currency exchange rates, commodity price and interest rate risks. Also, these transactions may expose us to
credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty to the derivative financial instruments. There can be no assurance that in the future the Company will successfully manage these risks. 

The Company disclaims any obligation to update these Risk Factors or any other forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation
(and specifically disclaims any such obligation) to update these Risk Factors or any other forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.