An investment in Harley-Davidson, Inc. involves risks, including those
discussed below. These risk factors should be considered carefully before
deciding whether to invest in the Company. 

•             The
Company has a number of competitors of varying sizes that are based both inside
and outside the United States some of which have greater financial resources
than the Company.
 Many of the Company’s competitors are more diversified
than the Company, and they may compete in the automotive market or all segments
of the motorcycle market.  Also, if price
becomes a more important competitive factor for consumers in the heavyweight
motorcycle market, the Company may have a competitive disadvantage.  Failure to adequately address and respond to
these competitive pressures worldwide could have a material adverse effect on
the Company’s business and results of operations.

•             The
Company’s marketing strategy of associating its motorcycle products with a
motorcycling lifestyle may not be successful with future customers.
  The Company has been successful in marketing
its products in large part by promoting the experience of motorcycling.  This lifestyle is now more typically
associated with a retail customer base comprised of individuals who are, on
average, in their mid-forties.  To
sustain long-term growth, the Company must continue to be successful in
promoting motorcycling to customers new to the sport of motorcycling including
women, younger riders and more ethnically diverse riders.  

•             The
Company’s success depends upon the continued strength of the Harley-Davidson
brand
. The Company believes that the Harley-Davidson brand has
significantly contributed to the success of its business and that maintaining
and enhancing the brand is critical to expanding its customer base.  Failure to protect the brand from infringers
or to grow the value of the Harley-Davidson brand could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.

•             The
Company’s prospects for future growth are largely dependent upon its ability to
develop and successfully introduce new, innovative and compliant products.

The motorcycle market continues to advance in terms of cutting edge styling and
new technology and, at the same time, be subject to increasing regulations
related to safety and emissions.  The
Company must continue to distinguish its products from its competitors’
products with unique styling and new technologies and to protect its
intellectual property from imitators.  In
addition, these new products must comply with applicable regulations
worldwide.  The Company must make product
advancements while maintaining the classic look, sound and feel associated with
Harley-Davidson products. The Company must also be able to design and
manufacture these products and deliver them to the marketplace in a timely
manner.  There can be no assurances that
the Company will be successful in these endeavors or that existing and
prospective customers will favorably receive the Company’s new products.

•             The
Company’s Motorcycles segment is dependent upon unionized labor.
  Substantially all of the hourly employees
working in the Motorcycles segment are represented by unions and covered by
collective bargaining agreements. 
Harley-Davidson Motor Company is currently a party to five collective
bargaining agreements with local affiliates of the International Association of
Machinists and Aerospace Workers and the United Steelworkers of America that
expire during 2007 and 2008.  These
collective bargaining agreements generally cover wages, healthcare benefits and
retirement plans, seniority, job classes and

15

work rules. There is no
certainty that the Company will be successful in negotiating new agreements
with these unions that extend beyond the current expiration dates or that these
new agreements will be on terms as favorable to the Company as past labor
agreements. Failure to renew these agreements when they expire or to establish
new collective bargaining agreements on terms acceptable to the Company and the
unions could result in work stoppages or other labor disruptions which could
have a material adverse effect on customer relationships and the Company’s
business and results of operations.

•

             The
Company’s operations are dependent upon attracting and retaining skilled
employees.
 The Company’s future success depends on its continuing ability
to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain skilled personnel for all areas
of its organization.   The current and future total compensation
arrangements, which include benefits and cash bonuses, may not be successful in
attracting new employees and retaining and motivating the Company’s existing
employees. If the Company does not succeed in attracting personnel or retaining
and motivating existing personnel, the Company may be unable to develop and
distribute products and services and grow effectively.

•

             The
Company incurs substantial costs with respect to pension benefits and providing
healthcare for its employees.
 The Company’s estimates of liabilities and
expenses for pensions and other post-retirement healthcare benefits require the
use of assumptions. They include the rate used to discount the future estimated
liability, the rate of return on plan assets and several assumptions relating
to the employee workforce (salary increases, medical costs, retirement age and
mortality). Actual results may differ which may have a material adverse effect
on future results of operations, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. In
addition, rising healthcare and retirement benefit costs in the United States
may put the Company under significant cost pressure as compared to our
competitors.

•

             The
Company manufactures products that create exposure to product liability claims
and litigation.
 To the extent plaintiffs are successful in showing that
personal injury or property damage result from defects in the design or
manufacture of the Company’s products, the Company could be subject to claims
for damages that are not covered by insurance. The costs associated with
defending product liability claims, including frivolous lawsuits, and payment
of damages could be substantial. The Company’s reputation could also be
adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful.

•

             The
Company sells its products at wholesale and must rely on a network of
independent dealers and distributors to manage the retail distribution of its
products.
 The Company depends on the capability of its independent dealers
and distributors to develop and implement effective retail sales plans to
create demand for the motorcycles and related products and services they
purchase from the Company. If the Company’s independent dealers and
distributors are not successful in these endeavors, then the Company will be
unable to maintain or grow its revenues.

•

             The
Company and its independent dealers must balance the economies of level
production with a more seasonal retail sales pattern
. The Company generally
records the sale of a motorcycle when it is shipped to the Company’s independent
dealers and distributors. In the past, the Company has not experienced seasonal
fluctuations in its wholesale motorcycle sales, and as a result, the Company
has been able to maintain production that is relatively level. Over the last
several years, the Company has been working to increase the availability of its
motorcycles at dealerships to help improve the

16

customer
experience.  The increased availability
of motorcycles has resulted in the timing of retail purchases tracking more
closely with regional motorcycle riding seasons.  This requires the Company’s independent
dealers and distributors to manage seasonal increases in inventory.  As a result, the Company and its independent
dealers and distributors must balance the economies of level production with
the inventory costs associated with a more seasonal retail sales pattern. Failure
to balance the two could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business and results of operations.

•

             The
Company relies on third party suppliers to obtain raw materials and provide
component parts for use in the manufacture of its motorcycles
.  The Company cannot be certain that it will
not experience supply problems such as unfavorable pricing or untimely delivery
of raw materials and components.   In
certain circumstances, the Company relies on a single supplier to provide the
entire requirement of a specific part and a change in this established supply
relationship may cause disruption in the Company’s production schedule.  In addition, the price and availability of
raw materials and component parts from suppliers can be adversely affected by
factors outside of the Company’s control such as increased worldwide demand.   Further, Company suppliers who also serve
the automotive industry may be experiencing financial difficulties due to a
downturn in that industry.  These
supplier risks may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and
results of operations. 

•

             The
Company must maintain its reputation of being a good corporate citizen and
treating customers, employees, suppliers and other stakeholders fairly.  
The Company has a history of good
corporate governance.  Prior to the
enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Act”), the Company had in
place many of the corporate governance procedures and processes now mandated by
the Act and related rules and regulations, such as Board Committee Charters and
a Corporate Governance Policy.  In 1992,
the Company established a Code of Business Conduct that defines how employees
interact with various Company stakeholders and addresses issues such as
confidentiality, conflict of interest and fair dealing.    Failure to maintain this reputation could
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of
operations.

•

             The
Company must invest in and successfully implement new information systems and
technology
. The Company is continually modifying and enhancing its systems
and technology to increase productivity and efficiency. When implemented, the
systems and technology may not provide the benefits anticipated and could add
costs and complications to ongoing operations, which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.

•

             The
Company is the defendant in several class action and similar lawsuits
.  In January 2001, the Company, on its own
initiative, notified each owner of 1999 and early-2000 model year
Harley-Davidson motorcycles equipped with Twin Cam 88® and Twin Cam 88B™
engines that the Company was extending the warranty for a rear cam bearing to 5
years or 50,000 miles. Subsequently, putative nationwide class actions were
filed against the Company relating to the cam bearing as discussed in Item 3. –
Legal Proceedings.

17

A number of shareholder class action lawsuits were
filed between May 18, 2005 and July 1, 2005 against the Company and certain
Company officers. The complaints allege securities law violations and seek
unspecified damages relating generally to the Company’s April 13, 2005
announcement that it was reducing short-term production growth and planned
increases of motorcycle shipments from 317,000 units in 2004 to a new 2005
target of 329,000 units compared to its original target of 339,000 units.  

In addition, several shareholder derivative lawsuits
have been filed against directors and officers of the Company.  The
lawsuits also name the Company as a nominal defendant.  In general,
the shareholder derivative complaints include factual allegations similar to
those in the class action complaints and allegations that officers and
directors breached their fiduciary duties to the Company.  

On August 25, 2005, a class action lawsuit
alleging violations of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
("ERISA") was filed against the Company, the Administrative Committee
of the Company and Company officers, directors and certain employees. 
In general, the ERISA complaint includes factual allegations similar to those
in the shareholder class action lawsuits and alleges on behalf of participants
in certain Harley-Davidson retirement savings plans that the plan fiduciaries
breached their ERISA fiduciary duties.

The uncertainty associated with substantial unresolved
lawsuits could harm the Company’s business, financial condition and reputation.
The defense of the lawsuits could result in the diversion of management’s time
and attention away from business operations and negative developments with
respect to the lawsuits could cause a decline in the price of the Company’s
common stock. In addition, although we are unable to determine the amount, if
any, that we may be required to pay in connection with the resolution of the
lawsuits by settlement or otherwise, any such payment could have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations .

•

             There
is a Securities and Exchange Commission inquiry relating to the Company
.  On July 11, 2005, the staff of the
Enforcement Division of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) advised the Company that it is inquiring into matters generally
relating to the Company’s April 13, 2005 announcement and certain allegations
contained in the shareholder complaints described above.  The Company is cooperating with the SEC.  An inquiry of this nature ultimately could
require significant management attention and result in a formal investigation,
other proceedings and penalties.  Any of
these outcomes could damage the reputation of the Company and could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.

•

             The
Company must comply with governmental laws and regulations that are subject to
change and involve significant costs. 

The Company’s sales and operations in areas outside the
U.S. may be subject to foreign laws, regulations and the legal systems of
foreign courts or tribunals.  These laws
and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies could result in
increased costs or restrictions on the ability of the Company to sell its
products in certain countries.  The
Company’s international sales operations may also be adversely affected by
United States laws affecting foreign trade and taxation.

The Company’s domestic
sales and operations are subject to governmental policies and regulatory
actions of agencies of the United States Government, including the
Environmental Protection Agency, SEC, National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration, Department of 

18

Labor and Federal Trade
Commission.  In addition, the Company is
subject to policies and actions of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and
laws and actions of state legislatures and other local regulators.    Changes in regulations or the imposition of
additional regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business and results of operations.

The Company’s financial
services operations are governed by various foreign, federal and state laws
that more specifically affect general financial and lending institutions. The
Company’s financial services operations originate the majority of its consumer
loans through a subsidiary, Eaglemark Savings Bank, a Nevada thrift, which is
regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  Changes in regulations or the imposition of
additional regulations could affect the earnings of the financial services
operations and have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and
results of operations.  Any unauthorized
release of consumer data could subject the Company to liability and adversely
affect the Company’s reputation. 

In addition, many major
competitors of the Company are not subject to the requirements of the SEC or
the NYSE rules.  As a result, the Company
may be required to disclose certain information that could put the Company at a
competitive disadvantage to its principal competitors.

•

             The
Company’s financial services operations are highly dependent on accessing
capital markets to fund its operations at attractive interest rates. 
 The Company’s ability to access unsecured
capital markets is influenced by its credit ratings.   The Company
currently has very strong credit ratings; however, if its ratings were to be
downgraded, its cost of borrowing could be adversely affected resulting in
reduced earnings and interest margins.

•

             The
Company’s financial services operations are exposed to credit risk on its
retail and wholesale receivables, receivables held for sale, and its investment
in retained securitization interests
. Credit risk is the risk of loss
arising from a failure by a customer to meet the terms of any contract with the
Company.  Credit losses are influenced by
general business and economic conditions, as well as contract terms, customer
credit profiles and the new and used motorcycle market.  Negative changes in general business,
economic or market factors could adversely impact the Company’s credit losses
and future earnings.  Credit exposure is
significantly sensitive to any decline in new and used motorcycle prices.  In addition, the frequency of losses could be
negatively influenced by adverse changes in macro-economic factors, such as
unemployment rates and bankruptcy filings.

•

             The
Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign exchange rates and
interest rates.
  The Company sells
its products internationally and in most markets those sales are made in the
foreign country’s local currency. 
Earnings from the Company’s financial services business are affected by
changes in interest rates.  The Company uses derivative financial
instruments to attempt to manage foreign currency exchange rates and interest
rate risks.  There can be no assurance
that in the future the Company will successfully manage these risks. 

The Company disclaims any
obligation to update these Risk Factors or any other forward-looking
statements.  
The
Company assumes no obligation (and specifically disclaims any such obligation)
to update these Risk Factors or any other forward-looking statements to reflect
actual results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such
forward-looking statements.

19