An
investment in Harley-Davidson, Inc. involves risks, including those discussed below. These risk factors should be considered carefully before deciding whether to invest in the Company. 

•

 The Company may not be able to successfully execute its long-term business strategy. The Company may not be able to successfully execute the
long-term business strategy that the Company announced on October 15, 2009. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to drive growth to the extent desired through its focus of efforts and resources on the Harley-Davidson brand or to
enhance productivity and profitability to the extent desired through continuous improvement. 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 Expanding international sales subjects the Company to risks that may have a material adverse effect on its business. Expanding international
sales is a part of the Company’s long-term business strategy. International operations and sales are subject to various risks, including political and economic instability, local labor market conditions, the imposition of foreign tariffs and
other trade barriers, the impact of foreign government regulations and the effects of income and withholding taxes, governmental expropriation and differences in business practices. The Company may incur increased costs and experience delays or
disruptions in product deliveries and payments in connection with international operations and sales that could cause loss of revenues and earnings. Unfavorable changes in the political, regulatory and business climate could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s net sales, financial condition, profitability or cash flows. 

•

 The Company must effectively execute the Company’s restructuring plans within expected costs. During 2009 and 2010, the Company announced a
combination of restructuring actions that are designed to reduce administrative costs, eliminate excess capacity and exit non-core business operations. Effectively executing these plans within expected costs and realizing expected benefits will
depend upon a number of factors, including the time required to complete planned actions, effective collaboration and agreement with the unions representing the Company’s employees, the absence of material issues associated with workforce
reductions, availability of and effective use of third party service providers to assist in implementing the actions, avoidance of unexpected disruptions in production, retention of key employees involved in implementing the restructuring plans and
the ability of the Company to dispose of vacated facilities in a cost effective manner. 

•

 The Company sells its products at wholesale and must rely on a network of independent dealers and distributors to manage the retail distribution of
its products. The Company depends on the capability of its independent dealers and distributors to develop and implement effective retail sales plans to create demand among retail purchasers for the motorcycles and related products and services
that the dealers and distributors purchase from the Company. If the Company’s independent dealers and distributors are not successful in these endeavors, then the Company will be unable to maintain or grow its revenues and meet its financial
expectations. Further, independent dealers and distributors may experience difficulty in funding their day-to-day cash flow needs and paying their obligations because of weakened retail sales and tightening credit. If dealers are unsuccessful, they
may exit or be forced to exit the business or, in some cases, the Company may seek to terminate relationships with certain dealerships. As a result, the Company could face additional adverse consequences related to the termination of dealer
relationships. Additionally, liquidating a former dealer’s inventory of new and used motorcycles can add downward pressure on new and used motorcycle prices. Further, the unplanned loss of any of the Company’s independent dealers may lead
to inadequate market coverage for retail sales of new motorcycles and for servicing previously sold motorcycles, create negative impressions of the Company with its retail customers, and adversely impact the Company’s ability to collect
wholesale receivables that are associated with that dealer. 

•

 The Company’s dealers may experience a further decline in retail sales resulting from general economic conditions, tightening of credit,
political events or other factors. The motorcycle industry has been affected by general economic conditions over which motorcycle manufacturers have little control. These factors have caused a weaker retail environment leading to weaker demand
for discretionary purchases, and the decision to purchase a motorcycle has been and may continue to be affected by these factors. The related tightening of credit has led to more limited availability of funds from financial institutions and other
lenders and sources of capital which has adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect the ability of retail consumers to obtain loans for the purchase of motorcycles from lenders, including HDFS. Should general economic conditions or
motorcycle industry demand decline further, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition may be further substantially adversely affected. The motorcycle industry can also be affected by political conditions and other factors over
which motorcycle manufacturers have little control. 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 Retail sales of the Company’s independent dealers may be adversely impacted by declining prices for used motorcycles and excess supplies of new
motorcycles. The Company has observed that when prices for used Harley-Davidson motorcycles have declined, it has had the effect of reducing demand among retail purchasers for new Harley-Davidson motorcycles (at or near manufacturer’s
suggested retail prices). Also, while the Company has taken steps designed to balance production volumes for its new motorcycles with demand, the Company’s competitors could choose to supply new motorcycles to the market in excess of demand at
reduced prices which could also have the effect of reducing demand for new Harley-Davidson motorcycles (at or near manufacturer’s suggested retail prices). Ultimately, reduced demand among retail purchasers for new Harley-Davidson motorcycles
leads to reduced shipments by the Company. 

•

 The Company may not be able to successfully execute its manufacturing strategy. The Company’s manufacturing strategy is designed to
continuously improve product quality and productivity, while reducing costs and increasing flexibility to respond to ongoing changes in the marketplace. The Company believes flexible manufacturing, including flexible supply chains and flexible labor
agreements, is the key element to enable improvements in the Company’s ability to respond to customers in a cost effective manner. To implement this strategy, the Company must be successful in its continuous improvement efforts which are
dependent on the involvement of management, production employees and suppliers. Any inability to achieve these objectives could adversely impact the profitability of the Company’s products and its ability to deliver the right product at the
right time to the customer. 

•

 The Company and its independent dealers must successfully adjust to a more seasonal retail sales pattern. The Company records the wholesale sale
of a motorcycle when it is shipped to the Company’s independent dealers and distributors. In the past several years, increased availability of new Harley-Davidson motorcycles has resulted in the timing of retail purchases from the
Company’s independent dealers tracking more closely with regional motorcycle riding seasons. As a result, the Company and its independent dealers and distributors must be able to successfully manage changes in production rates, inventory levels
and other business processes to manage costs associated with a more seasonal retail sales pattern. Failure to adjust through the implementation of a more flexible manufacturing process or through adjustments to its methods of distributing
motorcycles among its independent dealers and distributors may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 The Company relies on third party suppliers to obtain raw materials and provide component parts for use in the manufacture of its motorcycles.
The Company cannot be certain that it will not experience supply problems such as unfavorable pricing or untimely delivery of raw materials and components. In certain circumstances, the Company relies on a single supplier to provide the entire
requirement of a specific part, and a change in this established supply relationship may cause disruption in the Company’s production schedule. In addition, the price and availability of raw materials and component parts from suppliers can be
adversely affected by factors outside of the Company’s control such as the supply of a necessary raw material. Further, Company suppliers may experience difficulty in funding their day-to-day cash flow needs because of tightening credit caused
by financial market disruption. In addition, adverse economic conditions and related pressure on select suppliers due to difficulties in the global manufacturing arena could adversely affect their ability to supply the Company. These supplier risks
may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 The Company’s financial services operations rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of its operations. Liquidity is
essential to the Company’s financial services business. Disruptions in financial markets may cause lenders and institutional investors to reduce or cease to loan money to borrowers, including financial institutions. The Company’s financial
services operations may be negatively affected by the difficulty in raising capital in the long-term and short-term capital markets. These negative consequences may in turn adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations in
various ways, including through higher costs of capital, reduced funds available 

15 

Table of Contents

through its financial services operations to provide loans to independent dealers and their retail customers, and dilution to existing shareholders through the use of alternative sources of
capital. 

•

 The Company’s financial services operations are highly dependent on accessing capital markets to fund their operations at competitive interest
rates, the Company’s access to capital and its cost of capital are highly dependent upon its credit ratings, and any negative credit rating actions will adversely affect its earnings and results of operations. The ability of the Company and
its financial services operations to access unsecured capital markets is influenced by their short-term and long-term credit ratings. If the Company’s credit ratings are downgraded or its ratings outlook is negatively changed, the
Company’s cost of borrowing will increase, resulting in reduced earnings and interest margins, or the Company’s access to capital may be disrupted or impaired. 

•

 The Company’s financial services operations are exposed to credit risk on its retail and wholesale receivables. Credit risk is the risk of
loss arising from a failure by a customer to meet the terms of any contract with the Company’s financial services operations. Credit losses are influenced by general business and economic conditions, including unemployment rates, bankruptcy
filings and other factors that negatively affect household incomes, as well as contract terms, customer credit profiles and the new and used motorcycle market. Negative changes in general business, economic or market factors may have an additional
adverse impact on the Company’s financial services credit losses and future earnings. Credit losses are adversely impacted by increases in the frequency of loss and by decreases in the value of repossessed Harley-Davidson branded motorcycles.
If there are adverse circumstances that involve a material decline in values of Harley-Davidson-branded motorcycles, those circumstances or any related decline in resale values for Harley-Davidson-branded motorcycles could contribute to increased
delinquencies and credit losses. 

•

 The Company has a number of competitors of varying sizes that are based both inside and outside the United States, some of which have greater
financial resources than the Company. Many of the Company’s competitors are more diversified than the Company, and they may compete in the automotive market or all segments of the motorcycle market. Also, the Company’s
manufacturer’s suggested retail price for its motorcycles is generally higher than its competitors, and if price becomes a more important competitive factor for consumers in the heavyweight motorcycle market, the Company may be at a competitive
disadvantage. In addition, the Company’s financial services operations face competition from various banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions that may have access to additional sources of capital at more competitive rates and
terms, particularly for borrowers in higher credit tiers. Failure to adequately address and respond to these competitive pressures worldwide and in the U.S. may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.

•

 The Company’s marketing strategy of appealing to and growing sales to multi-generational and multi-cultural customers worldwide may not
continue to be successful. The Company has been successful in marketing its products in large part by promoting the experience of motorcycling. To sustain and grow the business over the long-term, the Company must continue to be successful
selling products and promoting the experience of motorcycling to both core customers and outreach customers such as women, young adults and ethnically diverse adults. The Company must also execute its multi-generational and multi-cultural strategy
without adversely impacting the strength of the brand with core customers. 

•

 The Company’s success depends upon the continued strength of the Harley-Davidson brand. The Company believes that the Harley-Davidson brand
has significantly contributed to the success of its business and that maintaining and enhancing the brand is critical to expanding its customer base. Failure to protect the brand from infringers or to grow the value of the Harley-Davidson brand may
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 The Company’s ability to remain competitive is dependent upon its capability to develop and successfully introduce new, innovative and
compliant products. The motorcycle market continues 

16 

Table of Contents

to advance in terms of cutting edge styling and new technology and, at the same time, be subject to increasing regulations related to safety and emissions. The Company must continue to
distinguish its products from its competitors’ products with unique styling and new technologies and to protect its intellectual property from imitators. In addition, these new products must comply with applicable regulations worldwide and
satisfy the potential demand for products that produce lower emissions. The Company must make product advancements while maintaining the classic look, sound and feel associated with Harley-Davidson products. The Company must also be able to design
and manufacture these products and deliver them to the marketplace in an efficient and timely manner. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in these endeavors or that existing and prospective customers will like or want the
Company’s new products. 

•

 The Company’s Motorcycles segment is dependent upon unionized labor
. Substantially all of the hourly production employees working in
the Motorcycles segment are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. Harley-Davidson Motor Company is currently a party to five collective bargaining agreements with local affiliates of the International Association of
Machinists and Aerospace Workers and the United Steelworkers of America. Current collective bargaining agreements with hourly employees in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Kansas City will expire in 2019, 2017 and 2012, respectively. New agreements were
ratified in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin in December 2009 and September 2010, respectively. Hourly production employees in Missouri are expected to vote on the terms of a new collective bargaining agreement in March 2011 (with any agreement to be
effective when the current agreement expires). Collective bargaining agreements generally cover wages, healthcare benefits and retirement plans, seniority, job classes and work rules. There is no certainty that the Company will be successful in
negotiating new agreements with these unions that extend beyond the current expiration dates or that these new agreements will be on terms that will allow the Company to be competitive. Failure to renew these agreements when they expire or to
establish new collective bargaining agreements on terms acceptable to the Company and the unions could result in the relocation of production facilities, work stoppages or other labor disruptions which may have a material adverse effect on customer
relationships and the Company’s business and results of operations. 

•

 The Company’s operations are dependent upon attracting and retaining skilled employees, including executive officers and other senior leaders.
The Company’s future success depends on its continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, retain and promote skilled personnel for all areas of its organization. The Company’s current and future total compensation
arrangements, which include benefits and cash bonuses, may not be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating the Company’s existing employees. If the Company does not succeed in attracting new personnel, retaining
existing personnel, implementing effective succession plans and motivating personnel, including executive officers, the Company may be unable to develop and distribute products and services and effectively execute its plans and strategies.

•

 The Company incurs substantial costs with respect to employee pension and healthcare benefits. The Company’s cash funding requirements and
its estimates of liabilities and expenses for pensions and healthcare benefits for both active and retired employees are based on several factors that are outside the Company’s control. These factors include funding requirements of the Pension
Protection Act of 2006, the rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the rate of return on plan assets, current and projected healthcare costs, healthcare reform or legislation, retirement age and mortality. Changes in these factors can
impact the expense and cash requirements associated with these benefits which could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. In addition, costs associated with these benefits put the
Company under significant cost pressure as compared to our competitors that may not bear the costs of similar benefit plans. 

•

 The Company manufactures products that create exposure to product liability claims and litigation. To the extent plaintiffs are successful in
showing that personal injury or property damage result from defects in the design or manufacture of the Company’s products, the Company may be 

17 

Table of Contents

subject to claims for damages that are not covered by insurance. The costs associated with defending product liability claims, including frivolous lawsuits, and payment of damages could be
substantial. The Company’s reputation may also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful. 

•

 The Company must maintain its reputation of being a good corporate citizen and treating customers, employees, suppliers and other stakeholders
fairly. The Company believes it has a history of good corporate governance. Prior to the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Act”), the Company had in place many of the corporate governance procedures and processes now
mandated by the Act and related rules and regulations, such as Board Committee Charters and a Corporate Governance Policy. In 1992, the Company established a Code of Business Conduct that defines how employees interact with various Company
stakeholders and addresses issues such as confidentiality, conflict of interest and fair dealing. Failure to maintain this reputation may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations.

•

 The Company must invest in and successfully implement new information systems and technology. The Company is continually modifying and enhancing
its systems and technology to increase productivity and efficiency. As new systems are implemented, the Company could experience unanticipated difficulties resulting in unexpected costs and adverse impacts to its manufacturing and other business
processes. When implemented, the systems and technology may not provide the benefits anticipated and could add costs and complications to ongoing operations, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of
operations. 

•

 The Company is and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. These are typically claims that
arise in the normal course of business. The uncertainty associated with substantial unresolved claims and lawsuits may harm the Company’s business, financial condition, reputation and brand. The defense of the lawsuits may result in the
expenditures of significant financial resources and the diversion of management’s time and attention away from business operations. In addition, although we are unable to determine the amount, if any, that we may be required to pay in
connection with the resolution of the lawsuits by settlement or otherwise, any such payment may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. Refer to the Company’s disclosures concerning legal
proceedings in the periodic reports that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission for additional detail regarding lawsuits and other claims against the Company. 

•

 The Company must comply with governmental laws and regulations that are subject to change and involve significant costs. The Company’s
sales and operations in areas outside the U.S. may be subject to foreign laws, regulations and the legal systems of foreign courts or tribunals. These laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies may result in increased costs or
restrictions on the ability of the Company to sell its products in certain countries. The Company’s international sales operations may also be adversely affected by United States laws affecting foreign trade and taxation.

The Company is subject to income and non-income based taxes in the United States and in various foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax liabilities and other tax liabilities. The Company believes that it complies with applicable tax law. If the governing tax authorities have a different
interpretation of the applicable law or if there is a change in tax law, our financial condition and/or results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The Company’s domestic sales and operations are subject to governmental policies and regulatory actions of agencies of the United States Government, including the Environmental Protection Agency
(“EPA”), SEC, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Labor and Federal Trade Commission. In addition, the Company’s sales and operations are also subject to laws and actions of state legislatures and other local
regulators, including dealer statutes and licensing laws. Changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. 

18 

Table of Contents

The Company’s motorcycle products use internal combustion engines. These motorcycle
products are subject to statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the EPA, state regulatory agencies, such as California Air Resources Board, and regulatory agencies in certain foreign
countries where the Company’s motorcycle products are sold. The Company is also subject to statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise in the conduct of the Company’s manufacturing operations. Any significant change
to the regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise may substantially increase the cost of manufacturing the Company’s products. Further, in response to concerns about global climate changes, the Company may face greater regulatory or
customer pressure to develop products that generate less emissions. This may require the Company to spend additional funds on research, product development, and implementation costs and subject the Company to the risk that the Company’s
competitors may respond to these pressures in a manner that gives them a competitive advantage. 

The Company’s financial
services operations are governed by various foreign, federal and state laws that more specifically affect general financial and lending institutions. The financial services operations originate the majority of its consumer loans through its
subsidiary, Eaglemark Savings Bank, a Nevada state thrift chartered as an industrial loan company. The U.S. Congress is currently considering several proposals that would impose additional regulation and supervision over the financial services
industry. In 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Act”) was passed into law. The Act is a sweeping piece of legislation, and the financial services industry is still assessing the
impacts. Congress detailed some significant changes, but the Act leaves many details to be determined by regulation and further study. The full impact will not be fully known for months or even years, as regulations that are intended to
implement the Act are adopted by the appropriate agencies, and the text of the Act is analyzed by impacted stakeholders and possibly the courts. The Act also created the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (“CFPB”), housed in the
Federal Reserve. The CFPB has been granted significant rule-making authority in the area of consumer financial products and services. The direction that the CFPB will take, the regulations it will adopt, and its interpretation of existing laws and
regulations are all elements that are not yet known. Failure to comply with these regulations, changes in these or other regulations, or the imposition of additional regulations, could affect HDFS’ earnings, limit its access to capital, limit
the number of loans eligible for HDFS securitization programs and have a material adverse effect on HDFS’ business and results of operations. 

In addition, the Company is also subject to policies and actions of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). Many major competitors of the Company are not subject to the requirements of the SEC or
the NYSE rules. As a result, the Company may be required to disclose certain information that may put the Company at a competitive disadvantage to its principal competitors. 

•

 Breaches of security involving consumer or employee personal data may adversely affect the Company’s reputation, revenue and earnings. The
Company and certain of its third-party vendors receive and store personal information in connection with its human resources operations, financial services operations, the Harley Owners Group and other aspects of its business. Breach of the systems
on which sensitive consumer or employee information is stored or other unauthorized release of consumer information may adversely affect the Company’s reputation and lead to claims against the Company.

•

 The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. The Company sells its
products internationally and in most markets those sales are made in the foreign country’s local currency. The Company is also subject to risks associated with changes in prices of commodities. Earnings from the Company’s financial
services business are affected by changes in interest rates. The Company uses derivative financial instruments to attempt to manage foreign currency exchange rates, commodity price and interest rate risks. Also, these transactions may expose the
Company to credit risk in the event of counterparty default to the derivative financial instruments. There can be no assurance that in the future the Company will successfully manage these risks. 

19 

Table of Contents

•

The Company’s operations may be affected by greenhouse emissions and climate change and related regulations
. In particular,
climate change is receiving increasing attention worldwide. Many scientists, legislators and others attribute climate change to increased levels of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory
efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. There have been bills pending in Congress that would regulate greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, several states, including states where the Company has manufacturing plants, are considering various
greenhouse gas registration and reduction programs. Energy security and availability and its related costs affect all aspects of the Company’s manufacturing operations in the United States, including the Company’s supply chain. The
Company’s manufacturing plants use energy, including electricity and natural gas, and certain of the Company’s plants emit amounts of greenhouse gas that may be affected by these legislative and regulatory efforts. Greenhouse gas
regulation could increase the price of the electricity the Company purchases, increase costs for use of natural gas, potentially restrict access to or the use of natural gas, require the Company to purchase allowances to offset the Company’s
own emissions or result in an overall increase in costs of raw materials, any one of which could increase the Company’s costs, reduce competitiveness in a global economy or otherwise negatively affect the Company’s business, operations or
financial results. Many of the Company’s suppliers face similar circumstances. While additional regulation of emissions in the future appears likely, it is too early to predict how this regulation will ultimately affect the Company’s
business, operations or financial results. Physical risks to the Company’s business operations as identified by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and other expert bodies include scenarios such as sea level rise, extreme weather
conditions and resource shortages. Extreme weather may disrupt the production and supply of natural gas, a fuel necessary for the manufacture of motorcycles. Supply disruptions would raise market rates and jeopardize the continuity of motorcycle
production.

The Company disclaims any obligation to update these Risk Factors or any other
forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation (and specifically disclaims any such obligation) to update these Risk Factors or any other forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or other factors
affecting such forward-looking statements.