Cautionary Statement about Forward-Looking
Statements

          We
have described many of the trends and other factors that drive our business and
future results in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations”, including the overview of the Company and
each of our segments and the discussion of their respective economic and other
factors and areas of focus for 2012. These sections and other parts of this
report (including this Item 1A) contain “forward-looking statements” within the
meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

          Forward-looking
statements are those that address activities, events or developments that
management intends, expects, projects, believes or anticipates will or may
occur in the future. They are based on management’s assumptions and assessments
in light of past experience and trends, current economic and industry
conditions, expected future developments and other relevant factors. They are
not guarantees of future performance, and actual results, developments and
business decisions may differ significantly from those envisaged by our
forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update or revise any of our
forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements are also subject to
risks and uncertainties that can affect our performance in both the near-and
long-term. These forward-looking statements should be considered in light of
the information included in this Form 10-K, including, in particular, the
factors discussed below.



          Our
business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to
the risks and uncertainties set forth below, any one of which could cause our
actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated
future results.

Industry and economic conditions may
adversely affect the market and operating conditions of our customers, which in
turn can affect demand for our products and services and our results of
operations.

          The
operating results of our segments are impacted by general global industry and
economic conditions that can cause changes in spending and capital investment
patterns, demand for our products and services and the level of our
manufacturing and shipping costs. The operating results of our Aerospace
segment, which generated 31 percent of our consolidated revenues in 2011, are
directly tied to cyclical industry and economic conditions, including global
demand for air travel as reflected in new aircraft production, the deferral or
cancellation of orders for new aircraft, delays in launch schedules for new
aircraft platforms, the retirement of aircraft, global flying hours, and
business and general aviation aircraft utilization rates, as well as changes in
customer buying patterns with respect to aftermarket parts, supplier
consolidation, factory transitions, capacity constraints, and the level and mix
of U.S. Government appropriations for defense and space programs (as further discussed
in other risk factors below). The challenging operating environment faced by
the commercial airline industry may be influenced by a wide variety of factors
including global flying hours, aircraft fuel prices, labor issues, airline
consolidation, airline insolvencies, terrorism and safety concerns as well as
changes in regulations. Future terrorist actions or pandemic health issues
could dramatically reduce both the demand for air travel and our Aerospace
aftermarket sales and margins. The operating results of our Automation and
Control Solutions (ACS) segment, which generated 43 percent of our consolidated
revenues in 2011, are impacted by the level of global residential and
commercial construction (including retrofits and upgrades), capital spending and
operating expenditures on building and process automation, industrial plant
capacity utilization and expansion, inventory levels in distribution channels,
and global economic growth rates. Performance Materials and Technologies’
operating results, which generated 15 percent of our consolidated revenues in
2011, are impacted by global economic growth rates, capacity utilization for
chemical, industrial, refining, petrochemical and semiconductor plants, our
customers’ availability of capital for refinery construction and expansion, and
raw material demand and supply volatility. Transportation Systems’ operating
results, which generated 11 percent of our consolidated revenues in 2011, are
impacted by global production and demand for automobiles and trucks equipped
with turbochargers, and regulatory changes regarding automobile and truck
emissions and fuel economy, delays in launch schedules for new automotive
platforms, and consumer demand and spending for automotive aftermarket
products. Demand of global automotive and truck manufacturers will continue to
be influenced by a wide variety of factors, including ability of consumers to
obtain financing, ability to reduce operating costs and overall consumer and
business confidence. Each of the segments is impacted by volatility in raw
material prices (as further described below) and non-material inflation.

Raw material price fluctuations, the ability
of key suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements, or catastrophic
events can increase the cost of our products and services, impact our ability
to meet commitments to customers, and cause us to incur significant
liabilities.

13

          The cost of
raw materials is a key element in the cost of our products, particularly in our
Performance Materials and Technologies (cumene, fluorspar,
perchloroethylene, R240, natural gas, sulfur and ethylene), Transportation Systems (nickel,
steel and other metals) and Aerospace (nickel, titanium and other metals)
segments. Our inability to offset material price inflation through increased
prices to customers, formula or long-term fixed price contracts with suppliers,
productivity actions or through commodity hedges could adversely affect our
results of operations.

          Our
manufacturing operations are also highly dependent upon the delivery of
materials (including raw materials) by outside suppliers and their assembly of
major components, and subsystems used in our products in a timely manner and in
full compliance with purchase order terms and conditions, quality standards,
and applicable laws and regulations. In addition, many major components,
product equipment items and raw materials are procured or subcontracted on a
single-source basis with a number of domestic and foreign companies; in some
circumstances these suppliers are the sole source of the component or
equipment. Although we maintain a qualification and performance surveillance
process to control risk associated with such reliance on third parties and we
believe that sources of supply for raw materials and components are generally
adequate, it is difficult to predict what effects shortages or price increases
may have in the future. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery
requirements may be constrained by our suppliers’ inability to scale production
and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand.
Our suppliers may fail to perform according to specifications as and when
required and we may be unable to identify alternate suppliers or to otherwise
mitigate the consequences of their non-performance. The supply chains for our
businesses could also be disrupted by suppliers’ decisions to exit certain
businesses, bankruptcy and by external events such as natural disasters,
extreme weather events, pandemic health issues, terrorist actions, labor
disputes, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes (e.g.,
product certification or stewardship requirements, sourcing restrictions,
product authenticity, climate change or greenhouse gas emission standards,
etc.). Our inability to fill our supply needs would jeopardize our ability to
fulfill obligations under commercial and government contracts, which could, in
turn, result in reduced sales and profits, contract penalties or terminations,
and damage to customer relationships. Transitions to new suppliers may result
in significant costs and delays, including those related to the required
recertification of parts obtained from new suppliers with our customers and/or
regulatory agencies. In addition, because our businesses cannot always
immediately adapt their cost structure to changing market conditions, our
manufacturing capacity for certain products may at times exceed or fall short
of our production requirements, which could adversely impact our operating
costs, profitability and customer and supplier relationships.

          Our
facilities, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject
to catastrophic loss due to, among other things, fire, flood, terrorism or
other natural or man-made disasters. If any of these facilities or systems were
to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, result in
personal injury or property damage, damage relationships with our customers and
result in large expenses to repair or replace the facilities or systems, as
well as result in other liabilities and adverse impacts. The same risk can also
arise from the failure of critical systems supplied by Honeywell to large
industrial, refining and petrochemical customers. 

Our future growth is largely dependent upon
our ability to develop new technologies that achieve market acceptance with
acceptable margins.

          Our
businesses operate in global markets that are characterized by rapidly changing
technologies and evolving industry standards. Accordingly, our future growth
rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to (i) identify
emerging technological trends in our target end-markets, (ii) develop and
maintain competitive products, (iii) enhance our products by adding innovative
features that differentiate our products from those of our competitors and
prevent commoditization of our products, (iv) develop, manufacture and bring
products to market quickly and cost-effectively, and (v) develop and retain
individuals with the requisite expertise.

          Our
ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect
our competitive position and requires the investment of significant resources.
These development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in
our businesses, and they may not lead to the development of new technologies or
products on a timely basis or that meet the needs of our customers as fully as
competitive offerings. In addition, the markets for our products may not
develop or grow as we currently anticipate. The failure of our technologies or
products to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by our
competitors could significantly reduce our revenues and adversely affect our
competitive standing and prospects.

Protecting
our intellectual property is critical to our innovation efforts. 

          We own or
are licensed under a large number of U.S. and non-U.S. patents and patent
applications, trademarks and copyrights. Our intellectual property rights may
expire or be challenged, invalidated or infringed 

14

upon by third parties or we may be unable to maintain, renew or enter
into new licenses of third party proprietary intellectual property on
commercially reasonable terms. In some non-U.S. countries, laws affecting intellectual
property are uncertain in their application, which can affect the scope or
enforceability of our patents and other intellectual property rights. Any of
these events or factors could diminish or cause us to lose the competitive
advantages associated with our intellectual property, subject us to judgments,
penalties and significant litigation costs, and/or temporarily or permanently
disrupt our sales and marketing of the affected products or services.

Cybersecurity
incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and
confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of
operations.

          Global
cybersecurity threats can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain
unauthorized access to our information technology (IT) systems to sophisticated
and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats. While we employ
comprehensive measures to prevent, detect, address and mitigate these threats
(including access controls, data encryption, vulnerability assessments,
continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems and maintenance of backup
and protective systems), cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and
scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption
or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information
(our own or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations.
The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include
reputational damage, litigation with third parties, diminution in the value of
our investment in research, development and engineering, and increased
cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely
affect our competitiveness and results of operations.

An increasing percentage of our sales and
operations is in non-U.S. jurisdictions and is subject to the economic,
political, regulatory and other risks of international operations.

          Our
international operations, including U.S. exports, comprise a growing proportion
of our operating results. Our strategy calls for increasing sales to and
operations in overseas markets, including developing markets such as China,
India, the Middle East and other high growth regions.

          In
2011, approximately 55 percent of our total sales (including products
manufactured in the U.S. and sold outside the U.S. as well as products
manufactured in international locations) were outside of the U.S. including
approximately 30 percent in Europe and approximately 12 percent in Asia. Risks
related to international operations include exchange control regulations, wage
and price controls, employment regulations, foreign investment laws, import,
export and other trade restrictions (such as embargoes), changes in regulations
regarding transactions with state-owned enterprises, nationalization of private
enterprises, government instability, and our ability to hire and maintain
qualified staff and maintain the safety of our employees in these regions. We
are also subject to U.S. laws prohibiting companies from doing business in
certain countries, or restricting the type of business that may be conducted in
these countries. The cost of compliance with increasingly complex and often
conflicting regulations worldwide can also impair our flexibility in modifying
product, marketing, pricing or other strategies for growing our businesses, as
well as our ability to improve productivity and maintain acceptable operating
margins.

          Uncertain
global economic conditions arising from circumstances such as sovereign debt
issues and credit rating downgrades in certain European countries or
speculation regarding changes to the composition or viability of the Euro zone
could result in reduced customer confidence resulting in decreased demand for
our products and services, disruption in payment patterns and higher default
rates, a tightening of credit markets (see risk factor below regarding
volatility of credit markets for further discussion), increased risk regarding
supplier performance, increased counterparty risk with respect to the financial
institutions with which we do business, and exchange rate fluctuations. While
we employ comprehensive controls regarding global cash management to guard
against cash or investment loss and to ensure our ability to fund our
operations and commitments, a material disruption to the financial institutions
with whom we transact business could expose Honeywell to financial loss. 

          Sales
and purchases in currencies other than the US dollar expose us to fluctuations
in foreign currencies relative to the US dollar and may adversely affect our
results of operations. Currency fluctuations may affect product demand and
prices we pay for materials, as a result, our operating margins may be negatively
impacted. Fluctuations in exchange rates may give rise to translation gains or
losses when financial statements of our non-U.S. businesses are translated into
U.S. dollars. While we monitor our exchange rate exposures and seek to reduce
the risk of volatility through hedging activities, such activities bear a
financial cost and may not always be available to us or successful in
significantly mitigating such volatility. 

Volatility of credit markets or
macro-economic factors could adversely affect our business.

15

          Changes
in U.S. and global financial and equity markets, including market disruptions,
limited liquidity, and interest rate volatility, may increase the cost of
financing as well as the risks of refinancing maturing debt. In addition, our
borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term ratings assigned by
independent rating agencies. A decrease in these ratings could increase our
cost of borrowing.

          Delays
in our customers’ ability to obtain financing, or the unavailability of
financing to our customers, could adversely affect our results of operations
and cash flow. The inability of our suppliers to obtain financing could result
in the need to transition to alternate suppliers, which could result in
significant incremental cost and delay, as discussed above. Lastly, disruptions
in the U.S. and global financial markets could impact the financial
institutions with which we do business.

We may be required to recognize impairment
charges for our long-lived assets or available for sale investments.

          At
December 31, 2011, the net carrying value of long-lived assets (property, plant
and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets) and available for sale
securities totaled approximately $19.1 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively.
In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we periodically
assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative
industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, unexpected
significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, divestitures and
market capitalization declines may result in impairments to goodwill and other
long-lived assets. An other than temporary decline in the market value of our
available for sale securities may also result in an impairment charge. Future
impairment charges could significantly affect our results of operations in the
periods recognized. Impairment charges would also reduce our consolidated
shareowners’ equity and increase our debt-to-total-capitalization ratio, which
could negatively impact our credit rating and access to the public debt and
equity markets.

A change in the level of U.S. Government
defense and space funding or the mix of programs to which such funding is
allocated could adversely impact Aerospace’s defense and space sales and
results of operations.

          Sales
of our defense and space-related products and services are largely dependent
upon government budgets, particularly the U.S. defense budget. Sales as a prime
contractor and subcontractor to the U.S. Department of Defense comprised
approximately 29 and 9 percent of Aerospace and total sales, respectively, for
the year ended December 31, 2011. We cannot predict the extent to which total funding
and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced
as part of the 2012 and subsequent budgets ultimately approved by Congress, or
be included in the scope of separate supplemental appropriations. We also
cannot predict the impact of potential changes in priorities due to military
transformation and planning and/or the nature of war-related activity on
existing, follow-on or replacement programs. A shift in defense or space
spending to programs in which we do not participate and/or reductions in
funding for or termination of existing programs could adversely impact our
results of operations.

As a supplier of military and other equipment
to the U.S. Government, we are subject to unusual risks, such as the right of
the U.S. Government to terminate contracts for convenience and to conduct
audits and investigations of our operations and performance.

          In
addition to normal business risks, companies like Honeywell that supply
military and other equipment to the U.S. Government are subject to unusual
risks, including dependence on Congressional appropriations and administrative
allotment of funds, changes in governmental procurement legislation and
regulations and other policies that reflect military and political
developments, significant changes in contract requirements, complexity of
designs and the rapidity with which they become obsolete, necessity for
frequent design improvements, intense competition for U.S. Government business
necessitating increases in time and investment for design and development,
difficulty of forecasting costs and schedules when bidding on developmental and
highly sophisticated technical work, and other factors characteristic of the
industry, such as contract award protests and delays in the timing of contract
approvals. Changes are customary over the life of U.S. Government contracts,
particularly development contracts, and generally result in adjustments to
contract prices and schedules.

          Our
contracts with the U.S. Government are also subject to various government
audits. Like many other government contractors, we have received audit reports
that recommend downward price adjustments to certain contracts or changes to
certain accounting systems or controls to comply with various government
regulations. When appropriate and prudent, we have made adjustments and paid
voluntary refunds in the past and may do so in the future.

          U.S.
Government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for
the convenience of the government or for our failure to perform consistent with
the terms of the applicable contract. In the case of a termination for
convenience, we are typically entitled to reimbursement for our allowable costs
incurred, plus 

16

termination costs and a reasonable profit. If
a contract is terminated by the government for our failure to perform we could
be liable for reprocurement costs incurred by the government in acquiring
undelivered goods or services from another source and for other damages
suffered by the government as permitted under the contract.

          We
are also subject to government investigations of business practices and
compliance with government procurement regulations. If, as a result of any such
investigation or other government investigations (including violations of
certain environmental or export laws), Honeywell or one of its businesses were
found to have violated applicable law, it could be suspended from bidding on or
receiving awards of new government contracts, suspended from contract
performance pending the completion of legal proceedings and/or have its export
privileges suspended. The U.S. Government also reserves the right to debar a
contractor from receiving new government contracts for fraudulent, criminal or
other egregious misconduct. Debarment generally does not exceed three years.

Our reputation
and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of
employees, agents or business partners.

          We
cannot ensure that our extensive compliance controls, policies and procedures
will, in all instances, protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by
our employees, agents or business partners that would violate the laws of the
jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including laws governing payments
to government officials, competition and data privacy. Any improper actions
could subject us to civil or criminal investigations, monetary and non-monetary
penalties and could adversely impact our ability to conduct business, results
of operations and reputation.

Changes in
legislation or government regulations or policies can have a significant impact
on our results of operations.

          The
sales and margins of each of our segments are directly impacted by government
regulations. Safety and performance regulations (including mandates of the
Federal Aviation Administration and other similar international regulatory
bodies requiring the installation of equipment on aircraft), product
certification requirements and government procurement practices can impact
Aerospace sales, research and development expenditures, operating costs and
profitability. The demand for and cost of providing Automation and Control
Solutions products, services and solutions can be impacted by fire, security,
safety, health care, environmental and energy efficiency standards and regulations.
Performance Materials and Technologies’ results of operations can be affected
by environmental (e.g. government regulation of fluorocarbons), safety and
energy efficiency standards and regulations, while emissions and energy
efficiency standards and regulations can impact the demand for turbochargers in
our Transportation Systems segment. Legislation or regulations regarding areas
such as labor and employment, employee benefit plans, tax, health, safety and
environmental matters, import, export and trade, intellectual property, product
certification, and product liability may impact the results of each of our
operating segments and our consolidated results.

Completed
acquisitions may not perform as anticipated or be integrated as planned, and
divestitures may not occur as planned.

          We
regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through
acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. We may not be able to
complete transactions on favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all. In
addition, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted by
(i) the failure of acquired businesses to meet or exceed expected returns, (ii)
the discovery of unanticipated issues or liabilities, (iii) the failure to
integrate acquired businesses into Honeywell on schedule and/or to achieve
synergies in the planned amount or within the expected timeframe, (iv) the
inability to dispose of non-core assets and businesses on satisfactory terms
and conditions and within the expected timeframe, and (v) the degree of
protection provided by indemnities from sellers of acquired companies and the
obligations under indemnities provided to purchasers of our divested
businesses.

We cannot
predict with certainty the outcome of litigation matters, government
proceedings and other contingencies and uncertainties.

          We
are subject to a number of lawsuits, investigations and disputes (some of which
involve substantial amounts claimed) arising out of the conduct of our
business, including matters relating to commercial transactions, government
contracts, product liability (including asbestos), prior acquisitions and
divestitures, employment, employee benefits plans, intellectual property,
import and export matters and environmental, health and safety matters.
Resolution of these matters can be prolonged and costly, and the ultimate
results or judgments are uncertain due to the inherent uncertainty in
litigation and other proceedings. Moreover, our potential liabilities are
subject to change over time due to new developments, changes in settlement
strategy or the impact of evidentiary requirements, and we may become subject
to or be required to pay damage awards or 

17

settlements that could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition. While we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of our
insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover the total amount of all insured
claims and liabilities. It also is not possible to obtain insurance to protect
against all our operational risks and liabilities. The incurrence of
significant liabilities for which there is no or insufficient insurance
coverage could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows,
liquidity and financial condition.

Our operations and the prior operations of
predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental
liabilities.

          Mainly
because of past operations and operations of predecessor companies, we are
subject to potentially material liabilities related to the remediation of
environmental hazards and to claims of personal injuries or property damages
that may be caused by hazardous substance releases and exposures. We have
incurred remedial response and voluntary clean-up costs for site contamination
and are a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety
matters, including past production of products containing hazardous substances.
Additional lawsuits, claims and costs involving environmental matters are likely
to continue to arise in the future. We are subject to various federal, state,
local and foreign government requirements regulating the discharge of materials
into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the
environment. These laws and regulations can impose substantial fines and
criminal sanctions for violations, and require installation of costly equipment
or operational changes to limit emissions and/or decrease the likelihood of
accidental hazardous substance releases. We incur, and expect to continue to
incur capital and operating costs to comply with these laws and regulations. In
addition, changes in laws, regulations and enforcement of policies, the
discovery of previously unknown contamination or new technology or information
related to individual sites, the establishment of stricter state or federal
toxicity standards with respect to certain contaminants, or the imposition of
new clean-up requirements or remedial techniques could require us to incur
costs in the future that would have a negative effect on our financial
condition or results of operations.

Our expenses include significant costs
related to employee and retiree health benefits. 

          With
approximately 132,000 employees, including approximately 53,000 in the U.S., our
expenses relating to employee health and retiree health benefits are
significant. In recent years, we have experienced significant increases in
certain of these costs, largely as a result of economic factors beyond our
control, in particular, ongoing increases in health care costs well in excess
of the rate of inflation. Continued increasing health-care costs, legislative
or regulatory changes, and volatility in discount rates, as well as changes in
other assumptions used to calculate retiree health benefit expenses, may
adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.

Risks related to our defined benefit pension
plans may adversely impact our results of operations and cash flow.

          Significant
changes in actual investment return on pension assets, discount rates, and
other factors could adversely affect our results of operations and pension
contributions in future periods. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial
valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and
interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. Funding
requirements for our U.S. pension plans may become more significant. However,
the ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among other things,
interest rates, underlying asset returns and the impact of legislative or
regulatory changes related to pension funding obligations. For a discussion
regarding the significant assumptions used to estimate pension expense,
including discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets, and how our financial statements can be affected by pension plan
accounting policies, see “Critical Accounting Policies” included in “Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.” 

Additional tax expense or additional tax
exposures could affect our future profitability.

          We
are subject to income taxes in both the United States and various non-U.S.
jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent
upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. In 2011,
our tax expense represented 18.3 percent of our income before tax, and includes
estimates of additional tax which may be incurred for tax exposures and
reflects various estimates and assumptions, including assessments of future
earnings of the Company that could impact the valuation of our deferred tax
assets. Our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes
in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in
countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall
profitability of the Company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in
generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred
tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of earnings permanently 

18

reinvested offshore, the results of audits
and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of
our tax exposures.