Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 

We Are Subject to the
Business, Financial and Operating Risks Common to the Hotel Business and Vacation Ownership and Residential Business, Any of Which Could Reduce Our Revenues and Limit Opportunities for Growth. 
Business, financial and operating risks common
to the hotel business and vacation ownership and residential business include:

•

 significant competition from hospitality providers in all parts of the world; 

•

 the costs and administrative burdens associated with complying with applicable laws and regulations in the U.S. and in all of the other countries in
which we operate; 

•

 delays in or cancellations of planned or future development or refurbishment projects; 

•

 changes in desirability of geographic regions of the hotels or timeshare resorts in our business, geographic concentration of our operations and
customers (including certain concentration in new and emerging markets), and shortages of desirable locations for development; 

•

 decreases in the demand for transient rooms, vacation ownership interests, residential products and related lodging services, including a reduction in
business travel as a result of alternatives to in-person meetings (including virtual meetings hosted online or over private teleconferencing networks) or due to general economic conditions; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 decreased corporate or governmental travel-related budgets and spending, as well as cancellations, deferrals or renegotiations of group business such
as industry conventions; 

•

 negative public perception of corporate travel-related activities; 

•

 statements, actions, or interventions by governmental officials related to travel, meetings or other aspects of hotel business and operations;

•

 the impact of internet intermediaries and other new industry entrants on pricing and the value of our brands and our increasing reliance on technology;

•

 health, safety and environmental laws, rules and regulations and other governmental and regulatory action; 

•

 changes in operating costs including, but not limited to, energy, water, labor costs (including the impact of labor shortages and unionization), food
costs, workers’ compensation and health-care related costs, insurance and unanticipated costs such as acts of nature and their consequences; 

•

 disputes with owners of properties may lead to the termination of our management or franchise agreements or result in litigation;

•

 the availability and cost of capital to allow us and hotel owners and franchisees to fund construction and renovations; 

•

 the financial condition of third-party owners, developers, franchisees and joint venture partners; and 

•

 cyclical over-building in the hotel business and residential and vacation ownership business. 

Macroeconomic and Other Factors Beyond Our Control Can Adversely Affect and Reduce Demand For Our Products and Services.

Macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control that could adversely affect and reduce demand for our products and services include, but are not limited to: 

•

 changes in general economic conditions, including low consumer confidence, unemployment levels and the severity and duration of downturns in the United
States, Europe, Asia and elsewhere across the world; 

•

 war, political conditions and civil unrest, terrorist activities or threats and heightened travel security measures instituted in response thereto;

•

 natural or man-made disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, drought, volcanic eruptions, oil spills and
nuclear incidents; 

•

 conditions which negatively shape public perception of travel, including travel-related accidents and travelers’ fears of exposures to contagious
diseases; 

•

 the financial condition of the airline, automotive and other transportation-related industries; 

•

 the physical risks of climate change and/or availability and quality of natural resources, such as a secure and economical supply of water or energy in
some locations; and 

•

 foreign exchange fluctuations. 

If We Are Unable to Maintain Existing Management and Franchise Agreements or Obtain New Agreements on as Favorable Terms, Our Operating Results May Be Adversely Affected.
 We are impacted by
our relationships with hotel owners and franchisees. Our hotel management and franchise contracts are typically long-term arrangements but most allow the hotel owner to terminate the agreement in certain circumstances. With respect to management
agreements, such instances may include our failure to meet certain financial or performance criteria, the bankruptcy of the hotel owner and, in certain cases, the sale of the property. A significant loss of agreements due to premature terminations
could adversely affect our operating results. 

Factors outside of our control could also have a significant negative impact on
the financial condition and viability of our hotel property owners. Additionally, the nature of responsibilities under these management and franchise arrangements may give rise to disagreements with the property owners. The resolution of any
disputes with property owners could be very expensive for us, even if the outcome is ultimately decided in our favor. We cannot predict the outcome of any arbitration or litigation, the effect of any negative judgment against us or the

12 

Table of Contents

amount of any settlement that we may enter into with any third-party. An adverse result in any of these proceedings could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore,
specific to our industry, some courts have applied principles of agency law and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, which means that property owners may assert the right to terminate agreements even where the
agreements do not expressly provide for termination. In the event of any such termination, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims and incur significant legal fees and expenses. Any damages we
ultimately collect could be less than the projected value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management agreement. Consequently, our operating results would be adversely affected if we could not maintain
existing management or franchise agreements or obtain new agreements on as favorable terms as the existing agreements. 

The Global Economy Generally May Continue to Impact Our Financial Results and Growth.
 Consumer demand for our services is
closely linked to the performance of the general economy and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Weak economic conditions in Europe, Latin America and other parts of the world, potential disruptions in the U.S.
economy, political instability and changes in government policies in some areas throughout the world, and the uncertainty over how long any of these conditions will continue, could have a negative impact on the hotel business and vacation ownership
and residential business by decreasing the revenues and profitability of our owned properties, limiting the amount of fee revenues we are able to generate from our managed and franchised properties, and reducing overall demand for timeshare
intervals. Substantial increases in air and ground travel costs and decreases in airline capacity could reduce demand for our hotel rooms and interval and fractional timeshare products. Accordingly, our financial results have been impacted by such
economic conditions and both our future financial results and growth could be further harmed if recovery from the economic conditions stalls or such conditions worsen. In certain cases, we have entered into third-party hotel management contracts
which contain performance guarantees specifying that certain operating metrics will be achieved. As a result of an economic downturn in the lodging industry, we may not meet the requisite performance levels, and we may be forced to loan or
contribute monies to fund the shortfall of performance levels or terminate the management contract. For a more detailed description of our performance guarantees, see Note 24 of the consolidated financial statements. 

Our Revenues, Profits, or Market Share Could Be Harmed If We Are Unable to Compete Effectively.
 The hotel, vacation
ownership and residential industries are highly competitive. Our properties compete for customers with other hotel and resort properties, ranging from national and international hotel brands to independent, local and regional hotel operators, and,
with respect to our vacation ownership resorts and residential projects, with owners reselling their VOIs, including fractional ownership, or apartments. Furthermore, new or existing competition that uses a business model that is different from our
business model may challenge our ability to remain competitive. We compete based on a number of factors, including quality and consistency of rooms, restaurant and meeting facilities and services, attractiveness of locations, availability of a
global distribution system, the ability to earn and redeem loyalty program points, and consumer facing technology platforms and services. Some of our competitors may have substantially greater marketing and financial resources than we do, and if we
are unable to successfully compete in these areas, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

Moreover, our present
growth strategy for development of additional hotels entails entering into and maintaining various management agreements, franchise agreements, and leases with property owners. We compete with other hotel companies for this business primarily on the
basis of fees, contract terms, brand recognition, and reputation. In connection with entering into these agreements, we may be required to make investments in, or guarantee the obligations of, third parties or guarantee minimum income to third
parties. The terms of our management agreements, franchise agreements, and leases for each of our hotels are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. We cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will
continue or that we will be able to enter into future collaborations, renew agreements, or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today. 

Degradation in the Quality or Reputation of Our Brands Could Adversely Affect Our Financial Results and Growth.
 For our
owned, managed and franchised properties to remain attractive and competitive, the property owners and we have to spend money periodically to keep the properties well maintained, modernized and refurbished. This creates an ongoing need for cash.
Third-party property owners may be unable to access 

13 

Table of Contents

capital or unwilling to spend available capital when necessary, even if required by the terms of our management or franchise agreements. To the extent that property owners and we cannot fund
expenditures from cash generated by operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise obtained. Failure to make the investments necessary to maintain or improve such properties, act in accordance with applicable brand standards or project a consistent
brand image could adversely affect the quality and reputation of our brands. Moreover, third-party owners or franchisees may be unwilling or unable to incur the cost of complying with brand standards for new and existing brands as such brands may
evolve from time to time. If the reputation or perceived quality of our brands declines, our market share, reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations could be affected. 

External Perception of Our Hotels Could Harm Our Brands and Reputation As Well As Reduce Our Revenues and Lower Our Profits.

Our brands and our reputation are among our most important assets. Our ability to attract development partners and franchisees and to attract and retain guests depends, in part, upon the external perceptions of Starwood and our nine brands, the
quality of our hotels and services and our corporate and management integrity. There is a risk to our brands and our reputation if we fail to act responsibly or comply with regulatory requirements in a number of areas, such as safety and security,
sustainability, responsible tourism, environmental management, human rights and support for local communities. The considerable increase in the use of social media over recent years has greatly expanded the potential scope and scale, and increased
the rapidity of the dissemination of the negative publicity that could be generated by any such adverse incident or failure. An adverse incident involving our associates or our guests, or in respect of our third-party vendors or owners and the
industry, and any media coverage resulting therefrom, may harm our brands and reputation, cause a loss of consumer confidence in Starwood, our brands or the industry, and negatively impact our results or operations. 

Any Failure to Protect our Intellectual Property Could Have a Negative Impact on the Value of Our Brands and Adversely Affect Our
Business.
 We believe our trademarks are an important component of our business. We rely on trademark laws to protect our proprietary rights. The success of our business depends in part upon our continued ability to use our trademarks to
increase brand awareness and further develop our brand in both domestic and international markets. From time to time, we apply to have certain trademarks registered and there is no guarantee that such trademark registrations will be granted.
Further, monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. Litigation and similar proceedings have been and may continue to be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of
the proprietary rights of others. Actions of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, may result in counterclaims or other claims against us and could significantly harm our results of operations. In addition, the laws
of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. We cannot assure you that all of the steps we have taken to protect our trademarks in the United States and foreign countries
will be sufficient to prevent imitation of our trademarks by others. The unauthorized reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our brand and its market acceptance, competitive advantages or goodwill, which could adversely affect
our business. Third parties may also make claims against us for infringing their intellectual property, including patent, copyright, industrial design, trademarks or similar rights that could result in causing us to change our property designs or
other branding and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. 

Our Dependence On Hotel and Residential
Development Exposes Us to Timing, Budgeting and Other Risks.
 We intend to participate in the development of hotel and residential components of hotel properties, as suitable opportunities arise, taking into consideration the general economic
climate. In addition, the owners and developers of new-build properties that we have entered into management or franchise agreements with are subject to these same risks which may impact the amount and timing of fees we had expected to collect from
those properties. New project development has a number of risks, including risks associated with: 

•

 construction delays or cost overruns that may increase project costs; 

•

 receipt of zoning, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations; 

•

 development costs incurred for projects that are not pursued to completion; 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 so-called acts of God such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods or fires that could adversely impact a project; 

•

 defects in design or construction that may result in additional costs to remedy or require all or a portion of a property to be closed during the
period required to rectify the situation; 

•

 ability to raise capital; 

•

 funding that is dependent upon the pre-leasing, sell-out or completion of mixed-use project components other than the hotel; and

•

 governmental restrictions on the nature or size of a project or timing of completion. 

We cannot assure you that any development project, including sites held for development of vacation ownership resorts, will in fact be
developed, and, if developed, the time period or the budget of such development may be greater than initially contemplated and the actual number of units or rooms constructed may be less than initially contemplated. 

International Operations Are Subject to Unique Political and Monetary Risks that Could Adversely Affect our Financial Results and
Growth.
 We have significant international operations which as of December 31, 2014 included 163 owned, managed or franchised properties in Europe (including 12 properties with majority ownership); 86 managed or franchised properties in
Africa and the Middle East; 84 owned, managed or franchised properties in Latin America (including eight properties with majority ownership); and 288 owned, managed or franchised properties in the Asia Pacific region (including three properties with
majority ownership). Additionally, our current growth strategy is heavily dependent upon growth in international markets. As of December 31, 2014, 78% of our pipeline represented growth outside North America. Further, 54% of our pipeline
represents new properties in Asia Pacific and 36% represents new growth in China alone. 

International operations generally are
subject to various political, geopolitical, and other risks that are not present in U.S. operations. These risks include the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries, exposure to local economic
conditions, potential adverse changes in the diplomatic relations between foreign countries and the United States, including the threat of international boycott or U.S. anti-boycott legislation, hostility from local populations, including the risk
of war, acts of terrorism, political instability and civil unrest in the Middle East, Eastern Europe and elsewhere, restrictions on the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings and withdrawal of foreign investments, restriction on the ability to pay
dividends and remit earnings to affiliated companies and management or franchise fees to the United States, uncertainty as to the enforceability of contractual rights and intellectual property rights under local law, conflicts between local law and
United States law and compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations and policies. In addition, as described below, sales in international jurisdictions typically are made in local currencies, which subject us to risks associated with
currency fluctuations. Currency devaluations and unfavorable changes in international monetary and tax policies could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financing plans, as could other changes in the international regulatory
climate and international economic conditions. If our international expansion plans are unsuccessful, our financial results could be materially adversely affected. 

Exchange Rate Fluctuations and Foreign Exchange Hedging Arrangements Could Result in Significant Foreign Currency Gains and Losses and Impact Our Business Results

. Conducting business
in currencies other than the U.S. dollar subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could have a negative impact on financial results. We earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of
the U.S. As a result, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of translated U.S. dollars required for expenses outside the U.S. or significantly decrease the U.S. dollars received from foreign currency revenues.
We also have exposure to currency translation risk because, generally, the results of our business outside of the U.S. are reported in local currency and then translated to U.S. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. As a
result, changes between the foreign exchange rates and the U.S. dollar will affect the recorded amounts of our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and could have a negative impact on financial results. Our exposure to foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations will grow if the relative contribution of our operations outside the U.S. increases. 

15 

Table of Contents

To attempt to mitigate foreign currency exposure, we may enter into foreign exchange hedging
agreements with financial institutions to reduce certain of our exposures to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. However, these hedging agreements may not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely and involve costs and risks of their own in the
form of transaction costs, credit requirements and counterparty risk. 

Third-Party Internet
Reservation or Booking Channels May Negatively Impact Our Revenues.
 Some of our hotel rooms are booked through third-party internet travel intermediaries such as Expedia.com
®
, Orbitz.com
®
, Booking.com
®
, and CTrip.com
®
, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. In addition, travelers can book stays on websites that facilitate the short-term rental of homes and
apartments from owners, thereby providing an alternative to hotel rooms. As the percentage of internet bookings increases, these intermediaries may be able to obtain more volume or better rates. Some internet reservation intermediaries are
attempting to commoditize hotel rooms by increasing the importance of price and general indicators of quality (such as “three-star downtown hotel”) at the expense of brand identification, which is among our most important assets. Moreover,
third-party reservation channels may be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced room rates or other significant contract concessions from us. Over time, consumers may develop loyalties to third-party internet reservations systems rather than to
our online booking tools or our lodging brands. Although we expect to derive most of our revenues from traditional channels and our websites, our business and profitability could be adversely affected if customer loyalties significantly shift from
our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from our websites, or through their fees increasing the overall cost of internet bookings for our hotels. 

A Failure to Keep Pace With Developments in Technology Could Impair Our Operations or Competitive Position.
 The hospitality industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology
and systems including technology utilized for property management, brand assurance and compliance, procurement, reservation systems, operation of our Starwood Preferred Guest customer loyalty program, distribution, revenue management and guest
amenities. These technologies can be expected to require refinements, including complying with legal requirements in connection with privacy and/or security regulations, requirements, and commitments established by third parties such as the payment
card industry and the US-EU Safe Harbor program, and there is the risk that advanced new technologies will be introduced. Further, the development and maintenance of these technologies may require significant capital. There can be no assurance that
as various systems and technologies become outdated or new technology is required, we will be able to replace or introduce them as quickly as our competition or within budgeted costs and timeframes. Further, there can be no assurance that we will
achieve the benefits that may have been anticipated from any new technology or system. 

Cyber Threats and the Risk of
Data Breaches or Disruptions of Our Information Technology Systems Could Harm Our Brand and Adversely Affect Our Business.
 Our business involves the processing, use, storage and transmission of personal information regarding our employees,
customers, hotel owners, and vendors for various business purposes, including marketing and promotional purposes. The protection of personal as well as proprietary information is critical to us. We are dependent on information technology networks
and systems to process, transmit and store proprietary and personal information, and to communicate among our various locations around the world, which may include our reservation systems, vacation exchange systems, hotel/property management
systems, customer and employee databases, call centers, administrative systems, and third-party vendor systems. We store and process such internal and customer information both at onsite facilities and at third-party owned facilities, including for
example, in a third-party hosted cloud environment. The complexity of this infrastructure and the shared control and management of hotel systems contributes to the potential risk of security breaches. We rely on the security of our information
systems, and those of our vendors, owners and other authorized third parties, to protect our proprietary and personal information. 

Despite our efforts, information networks and systems may be vulnerable to threats such as system, network or internet failures; computer hacking or business disruption; cyber-terrorism; viruses, worms or
other malicious software programs; employee error, negligence, fraud, or misuse of systems; or other unauthorized attempts by third parties to access, modify or delete our proprietary and personal information. Although we have taken steps to address
these concerns by implementing network security and internal controls, there can be no assurance that a system failure, unauthorized access, or breach will not occur. 

16 

Table of Contents

Any compromise of our networks or systems, public disclosure, or loss of personal or
proprietary information, non-compliance with contractual or legal obligations regarding personal information, or a violation of a privacy or security policy pertaining to personal information could result in a disruption to our operations; damage to
our reputation and a loss of confidence from our customers or employees; legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect personal information, regulatory penalties, potentially resulting in significant monetary damages, regulatory
enforcement actions, fines, and/or criminal or civil prosecution in one or more jurisdictions; and subjecting us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or additional costs and liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operations or financial condition. 

Changes in Privacy Law Could Increase Our Operating Costs and/or Adversely Impact Our
Ability to Market Our Products, Properties and Services Effectively.
 We are subject to numerous laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information, including Member State implementation of the European
Union Directive on Data Protection, other foreign data privacy laws, various U.S. federal and state laws, and credit card industry security standards and other applicable information security standards. We have established policies and procedures to
help protect the privacy and security of our information. However, every year the number of laws, regulations, and information security requirements continue to grow, as does the complexity of such laws and requirements. Further, privacy
regulations, on occasion, may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Compliance with applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to
our guests. 

We Depend on Senior Management to Achieve Our Operating Strategies.
 Our future success depends in
large part upon the efforts of our senior management. Competition for such personnel is intense. Furthermore, our headquarters are located in Stamford, Connecticut, an area where cost of living is higher than in other areas of the United States and
as a result, we may need to pay more to attract senior talent than our competitors located elsewhere. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in attracting and retaining top personnel. Accordingly, there can be no assurance
that our senior management will be able to successfully execute and implement our operating strategies. 

Significant
Owners of Our Properties May Concentrate Risks.
 There is potential for a concentration of ownership of hotels operated under our brands by any single owner. Following the acquisition of the Le Méridien brand business and a large
disposition transaction to one ownership group in 2006, single ownership groups own significant numbers of hotels operated by us. While the risks associated with such ownership are no different than exist generally (i.e., the financial position of
the owner, the overall state of the relationship with the owner and their participation in optional programs and the impact on cost efficiencies if they choose not to participate), they are more concentrated. If an owner with a considerable
portfolio of hotels were to leave our system, it may have a significant impact in certain of our markets and on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our Real Estate Investments Subject Us to Numerous Risks.
 We are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property because we own and lease hotels and resorts. The
investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated by the related properties, and the expenses incurred. In addition, a variety of other factors
affect income from properties and real estate values, including governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels and the availability of financing. For example, new or existing real estate zoning or tax
laws can make it more expensive and/or time-consuming to develop real property or expand, modify or renovate hotels. When interest rates increase, the cost of acquiring, developing, expanding or renovating real property increases and real property
values may decrease as the number of potential buyers decreases. Similarly, as financing becomes less available, it becomes more difficult both to acquire and to sell real property. Finally, under eminent domain laws, governments can take real
property. Sometimes this taking is for less compensation than the owner believes the property is worth. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, equity real estate
investments are difficult to sell quickly and we may not be able to adjust our portfolio of owned properties quickly in response to economic or other conditions. If our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses,
including debt service and capital expenditures, our income will be adversely affected. 

We May Be Subject to
Environmental Liabilities.
 Our properties and operations are subject to a number of Environmental Laws. Under such laws, we could be held liable for the costs of removing or cleaning up

17 

Table of Contents

hazardous or toxic substances at, on, under, or in our currently or formerly owned or operated properties. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew
of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances may adversely affect the owner’s ability to sell or rent such real property or to borrow using such real property as
collateral. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic materials or wastes may be liable for the costs of extraction, removal or remediation of such wastes at the treatment, storage or disposal facility, regardless of
whether such facility is owned or operated by such person. We use certain substances and generate certain wastes that may be deemed hazardous or toxic under applicable Environmental Laws, and we from time to time have incurred, and in the future may
incur, costs related to cleaning up contamination resulting from historic uses at certain of our current or former properties or our treatment, storage or disposal of wastes at facilities owned by others. Other Environmental Laws govern occupational
exposure to ACMs and require abatement or removal of certain ACMs (limited quantities of which are present in various building materials such as spray-on insulation, floor coverings, ceiling coverings, tiles, decorative treatments and piping located
at certain of our hotels) in the event of damage or demolition, or certain renovations or remodeling. Environmental Laws also regulate PCBs, which may be present in electrical equipment. A number of our hotels have USTs and equipment containing
CFCs; the operation and subsequent removal or upgrading of certain USTs and the use of equipment containing CFCs also are regulated by Environmental Laws. In connection with our ownership, operation and management of our properties, we could be held
liable for costs of remedial or other action with respect to PCBs, USTs or CFCs. 

U.S. Congress, some U.S. states and various
countries are considering or have undertaken actions to regulate and reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or other natural resources. New or revised laws, taxes and regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, such as those
related to climate change, supply chain and water risk, could affect the operation of our hotels and/or result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on us. The cost impact of such legislation, regulation, tax or new
interpretations would depend upon the specific requirements enacted and cannot be determined at this time. 

The potential for
changes in the frequency, duration and severity of extreme weather events that may be a result of climate change could lead to significant property damage at our hotels and other assets, impact our ability to obtain insurance coverage in areas that
are most vulnerable to such events, such as the coastal resort areas where we operate and have a negative effect on revenues. 

We Could Be Adversely Affected by Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Similar Anti-Corruption Laws.
 Our
business operations in countries outside the United States are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including restrictions imposed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). The FCPA and similar anti-corruption laws in other
jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or any other person for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in many parts of the world where government
corruption has existed to some degree and, in certain circumstances, our compliance with anti-corruption laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We train our employees concerning compliance with anti-corruption laws, and notify our
third-party hotel and resort owners that we require strict compliance with the anti-corruption laws of the jurisdictions where we operate. We also have policies, procedures and controls in place applicable to our employees and third-party business
partners and agents who work with us or on our behalf in order to enforce and monitor internal and external compliance with anti-corruption laws. We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and procedures will always protect us from
reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or third-parties with whom we work. If we are found liable for violations of the FCPA or similar anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions, either due to our own acts or out of inadvertence, or
due to the acts or inadvertence of others, we could suffer criminal or civil penalties which could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Failure to Comply With Sanction Laws May Adversely Impact Our Business.

 From time to time, the United States
imposes sanctions that restrict U.S. companies from engaging in business activities with certain persons or entities, foreign countries, or foreign governments that it determines are adverse to U.S. foreign policy interests.

18 

Table of Contents

For example, the United States has issued an executive order that prohibits U.S. companies
from engaging in certain business activities with the government of Syria, a country that the United States has identified as a state sponsor of terrorism. During fiscal 2014, a foreign subsidiary of Starwood generated less than $15,000 of revenue
from management and other fees from long standing relationships with hotels located in Syria. This amount constitutes significantly less than 1% of our worldwide annual revenues. We believe our activities in Syria are in full compliance with U.S.
and local law. At any time, the United States may impose additional sanctions against Syria or any other country where we may have ongoing activities. If so, our existing activities may be adversely affected, depending on the nature of the sanctions
that might be imposed. 

Further, our activities in countries or with persons that are subject to U.S. sanction laws may reduce
demand for our stock among certain investors. Any restrictions on Starwood’s ability to conduct its business operations across the world could negatively impact our financial results. 

Our Insurance Policies May Not Cover All Potential Losses.
 We maintain insurance coverage for liability, property, business
interruption, and other risks with respect to our owned and leased properties, and we may make select insurance programs available to owners of properties we manage or franchise. These policies offer coverage terms and conditions that we believe are
usual and customary for our industry. Generally, our “all-risk” property policies provide that coverage is available on a per occurrence basis and that, for each occurrence, there is a limit as well as various sub-limits on the amount of
insurance proceeds we will receive in excess of applicable deductibles. In addition, there may be aggregate limits or sublimits under the policies. Our property policies also provide coverage for earthquake, named windstorm and flood events. If an
insurable event occurs that affects more than one of our owned hotels and/or managed or franchised hotels owned by third parties that participate in our insurance program, the claims from each affected hotel may be considered together per policy
provisions to determine whether the per occurrence limit, annual aggregate limit or sub-limits, depending on the type of claim, have been reached. If the limits or sub-limits are exceeded, each affected hotel may only receive a proportional share of
the amount of insurance proceeds provided for under the policy. In addition, under those circumstances, claims by third-party owners will reduce the coverage available for our owned and leased properties.

In addition, there are also other risks including but not limited to war, certain forms of terrorism such as nuclear, biological or
chemical terrorism, political risks, some environmental hazards and/or “Acts of God” that may be deemed to fall completely outside the coverage of our policies or may be uninsurable or cost prohibitive to justify insuring against.

We may also encounter challenges with a Starwood and/or Third-Party Owners’ insurance provider regarding whether it can
or will pay a claim(s) that we believe to be covered under the policy. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a hotel or resort, as well as the
anticipated future revenue from the hotel or resort. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. 

Our Acquisitions/Dispositions and Investments in New Brands or Businesses May Ultimately Not Prove Successful and We May Not Realize
Anticipated Benefits.
 We consider corporate as well as property acquisitions and investments that complement our business. In many cases, we compete for these opportunities with third parties who may have substantially greater financial
resources or different or lower acceptable financial metrics than we do. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify acquisition or investment candidates or complete transactions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If
transactions are consummated, there can be no assurance that any anticipated benefits will actually be realized. Similarly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing for acquisitions or investments, or that the
ability to obtain such financing will not be restricted by the terms of our debt agreements. 

We periodically review our
business to identify properties or other assets that we believe either are non-core, no longer complement our business, are in markets which may not benefit us as much as other markets during an economic recovery or could be sold at significant
premiums. We are focused on restructuring and enhancing real estate returns and monetizing investments, and from time to time, may attempt to sell these identified properties and assets. There can be no assurance however, that we will be able to
complete dispositions on commercially reasonable terms or at all or that any anticipated benefits will actually be received. 

19 

Table of Contents

In the future, we may develop and launch additional brands or make investments in new
businesses that complement our existing businesses. For example, we recently entered into an agreement with Design Hotels, AG, a collection of independent hotels with design aesthetics distinct from our nine brands that allows greater coordination
and cooperation between the companies. There can be no assurance regarding the level of acceptance of new brands or our investments in new businesses by the development and consumer marketplaces, that the cost incurred in developing and integrating
new brands or investments will be recovered or that the anticipated benefits from these new brands or investments will be realized. 

Investing Through Partnerships or Joint Ventures Decreases Our Ability to Manage Risk.
 In addition to acquiring or developing hotels and resorts or acquiring companies that complement our
business directly, we have from time to time invested, and expect to continue to invest, as a co-venturer. Joint venturers often have shared control over the operation of the joint venture assets. Therefore, joint venture investments may involve
risks such as the possibility that the co-venturer in an investment might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, and should a joint venture partner become bankrupt we could become liable for our partner’s
share of joint venture liabilities. Also, our joint venture partner may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our economic or business interests or goals, may be in a position to take action contrary to our
instructions or may make requests contrary to our policies or objectives. Further, we may be unable to take action without the approval of our joint venture partners and, alternatively, our joint venture partners could take actions binding on the
joint venture or partnership without our consent. Therefore, actions by a co-venturer might subject the assets owned by the joint venture or partnership to additional risk. There can be no assurance that our investments through partnerships or joint
ventures will be successful despite these risks. 

The Proposed Spin-Off of our Vacation Ownership Business May Not Be
Consummated As or When Planned or At All, or Could Cause Unanticipated Issues.
 The proposed spin-off of our vacation ownership business may not be consummated as currently contemplated, including as a tax-free transaction, may not be
consummated at all, or may encounter delays or other roadblocks that we do not currently anticipate, including any delays or other problems affecting the transfer of certain owned hotels to the vacation ownership business, or in obtaining any
necessary regulatory approvals or consents, third-party consents or financing for the vacation ownership business. In addition, the transaction could create issues with our vacation ownership business prior to the consummation of the spin-off
transaction, or our other businesses, that we do not currently contemplate. Disruptions in either general market conditions or in the lodging or timeshare business, in particular, could affect our ability to complete the transaction, or
complete the transaction on the terms currently anticipated. The proposed spin-off is also subject to final approval by our Board of Directors, and our Board of Directors may withhold approval at any time, including immediately prior to the
anticipated date of completion. Planning and executing the proposed spin-off will require significant time, effort, and expense, and may divert management’s attention from other aspects of our business operations, and any delays in completion
of the proposed spin-off may increase the amount of time, effort, and expense that we devote to the transaction, which could adversely affect our operations. 

In addition, if we complete the proposed spin-off, the actual impact on our business and financial results may differ materially from that which we anticipate. Specifically, the proposed transaction could
adversely affect our relationships with our customers or employees (including those of the vacation ownership business) or disrupt our operations. The separated businesses could also face unanticipated problems in operating independently, and thus
our stockholders may not achieve the anticipated benefits of being separate companies. 

Our Vacation Ownership Business
is Subject to Extensive Regulation and Risk of Default.
 We market and sell VOIs, which typically entitle the buyer to ownership of a fully-furnished resort unit for a one-week period on either an annual or an alternate-year basis. We also
acquire, develop and operate vacation ownership resorts, and provide financing to purchasers of VOIs. These activities are all subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. federal government, states or other jurisdictions in which vacation ownership
resorts are located and in which VOIs are marketed and sold including regulation of our telemarketing activities under state and federal “Do Not Call” laws. In addition, the laws of most jurisdictions in which we sell VOIs grant the
purchaser the right to rescind the purchase contract at any time within a statutory rescission period. Laws in some of the jurisdictions would impose liability on us as the developer of the resort for certain construction related defects. Although
we believe that we are in material compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations to which vacation 

20 

Table of Contents

ownership marketing, sales and operations are currently subject, changes in these requirements, or a determination by a regulatory authority that we were not in compliance, could adversely affect
us. In particular, increased regulations of telemarketing activities could adversely impact the marketing of our VOIs. 

We bear
the risk of defaults under purchaser mortgages on VOIs. If a VOI purchaser defaults on the mortgage during the early part of the loan amortization period, we will not have recovered the marketing, selling (other than commissions in certain events),
and general and administrative costs associated with such VOI, and such costs will be incurred again in connection with the resale of the repossessed VOI. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the sales price will be fully or partially recovered
from a defaulting purchaser or, in the event of such defaults, that our allowance for losses will be adequate. 

Our
Revenues are Highly Dependent on the Travel Industry and Declines in or Disruptions to the Travel Industry, Such as Those Caused by Natural or Man-Made Disasters, Contagious Disease, Terrorist Activity, Political or Civil Unrest and War, May
Adversely Affect Us.
 Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by so called “Acts of God.” Hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and other man-made or natural disasters in recent years, such as Hurricane Odile
in Mexico, the earthquake and tsunami in Japan, and the spread or fear of spread of contagious diseases like Ebola, could cause a decline in the level of business and leisure travel in certain regions or as a whole, and reduce the demand for
lodging. Actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, or civil strife, such as recent events in Ukraine, Syria, Iran, and Egypt, and other geopolitical uncertainty could have a similar effect on our revenues or on our growth
strategy. Any one or more of these events may reduce the overall demand for hotel rooms or limit the prices that we can obtain for them, both of which could adversely affect our profits.

Changes in U.S. Federal, State and Local or Foreign Tax Law, Interpretations of Existing Tax Law, or Adverse Determinations by Tax
Authorities, Could Increase Our Tax Burden or Otherwise Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition or Results of Operations

. We are subject to taxation at the federal, state or provincial and local levels in the U.S. and various other
countries and jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates, changes in statutory rates and other legislative changes, including those that may
result from the Base Erosion Profit Shifting, or BEPS, initiative being conducted by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD. Furthermore, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in
determinations regarding the jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax or the amount of income allocated to such jurisdictions could negatively impact our effective tax rate. From time to time, the U.S. federal, state and local and foreign
governments make substantive changes to tax rules and their application, which could result in materially higher corporate taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law and could adversely affect our financial condition or results of
operations. 

We record tax expense based in part on our estimates of expected future tax rates, reserves for uncertain tax
positions in multiple tax jurisdictions, and valuation allowances related to certain net deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards. We are subject to ongoing and periodic tax audits and disputes relating to federal, state,
local and foreign tax matters. For example, we are currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for years 2007 through 2009. Through December 31, 2014, we received certain Notices of Proposed Adjustment from the IRS for such
years; however, we disagree with the IRS on certain of these adjustments and intend to vigorously contest them, including pursuing all available remedies such as the IRS appeals process and litigation, if necessary. An unfavorable outcome from this
or any other tax audit could result in higher tax costs, penalties and interest, thereby adversely impacting our financial condition or results of operations. 

Failure to Compete Regarding Key Associates May Adversely Impact Our Business.
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and engage our key
associates. Our properties are staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week by thousands of associates around the world. If we and our franchisees are unable to attract, retain, train and engage skilled associates, our ability to manage and staff our