.

 Risks
 Relating to Hotel, Resort, Vacation Ownership and Residential
 Operations

 We Are Subject to All the Operating Risks Common to the
 Hotel and Vacation Ownership and Residential
 Industries.
  Operating risks common to the
 hotel and vacation ownership and residential industries include:

 • 

 changes in general economic conditions, including the severity
 and duration of downturns in the US and global economies;

 • 

 impact of war and terrorist activity (including threatened
 terrorist activity) and heightened travel security measures
 instituted in response thereto;

 • 

 domestic and international political and geopolitical conditions;

 5

Table of Contents

 • 

 travelers’ fears of exposures to contagious diseases;

 • 

 decreases in the demand for transient rooms and related lodging
 services, including a reduction in business travel as a result
 of general economic conditions;

 • 

 decreases in demand or increases in supply for vacation
 ownership interests;

 • 

 the impact of internet intermediaries on pricing and our
 increasing reliance on technology;

 • 

 cyclical over-building in the hotel and vacation ownership
 industries;

 • 

 restrictive changes in zoning and similar land use laws and
 regulations or in health, safety and environmental laws, rules
 and regulations and other governmental and regulatory action;

 • 

 changes in travel patterns;

 • 

 changes in operating costs including, but not limited to,
 energy, labor costs (including the impact of unionization), food
 costs, workers’ compensation and health-care related costs,
 insurance and unanticipated costs such as acts of nature and
 their consequences;

 • 

 the costs and administrative burdens associated with compliance
 with applicable laws and regulations, including, among others,
 franchising, timeshare, privacy, licensing, labor and
 employment, and regulations under the Office of Foreign Assets
 Control and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

 • 

 disputes with owners of properties, including condominium
 hotels, franchisees and homeowner associations which may result
 in litigation;

 • 

 the availability and cost of capital to allow us and potential
 hotel owners and franchisees to fund construction, renovations
 and investments;

 • 

 foreign exchange fluctuations;

 • 

 the financial condition of third-party owners, project
 developers and franchisees, which may impact our ability to
 recover indemnity payments that may be owed to us and their
 ability to fund amounts required under development, management
 and franchise agreements and in most cases our recourse is
 limited to the equity value said party has in the property;

 • 

 the financial condition of the airline industry and the impact
 on air travel; and

 • 

 regulation or taxation of carbon dioxide emissions by airlines
 and other forms of transportation.

 We are also impacted by our relationships with owners and
 franchisees. Our hotel management contracts are typically
 long-term arrangements, but most allow the hotel owner to
 replace us in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of
 the hotel owner or franchisee, the failure to meet certain
 financial or performance criteria and in certain cases, upon a
 sale of the property. Our ability to meet these financial and
 performance criteria is subject to, among other things, the
 risks described in this section. Additionally, our operating
 results would be adversely affected if we could not maintain
 existing management, franchise or representation agreements or
 obtain new agreements on as favorable terms as the existing
 agreements.

 We utilize our brands in connection with the residential
 portions of certain properties that we develop and license our
 brands to third parties to use in a similar manner for a fee.
 Residential properties using our brands could become less
 attractive due to changes in mortgage rates and the availability
 of mortgage financing generally, market absorption or oversupply
 in a particular market. As a result, we and our third party
 licensees may not be able to sell these residences for a profit
 or at the prices that we or they have anticipated.

 The Recent Recession in the Lodging Industry and the
 Global Economy Generally Will Continue to Impact Our Financial
 Results and Growth.
  The recent economic
 recession has had a negative impact on the hotel and vacation
 ownership and residential industries. Substantial increases in
 air and ground travel costs and decreases in airline capacity
 have reduced demand for our hotel rooms and interval and
 fractional timeshare products. Accordingly, our financial
 results have been impacted by the economic recession and both
 our future financial results and growth could be further harmed
 if recovery from the economic recession slows or the economic

 6

Table of Contents

 recession becomes worse. In certain cases, we have entered into
 third party hotel management contracts which contain performance
 guarantees specifying that certain operating metrics will be
 achieved. As a result of the impact of the economic downturn on
 the lodging industry, we may not meet the requisite performance
 levels, and we may be forced to loan or contribute monies to
 fund the shortfall of performance levels or terminate the
 management contract. For a more detailed description of our
 performance guarantees, see Note 26 of the consolidated
 financial statements.

 Moreover, many businesses, particularly financial institutions,
 face restrictions on the ability to travel and hold conferences
 or events at resorts and luxury hotels. The negative publicity
 associated with such companies holding large events has also
 resulted in reduced bookings. New or revised regulations on
 businesses participating in government financial assistance
 programs, as well as the negative publicity associated with
 conferences and corporate events, could impact our financial
 results.

 Our Revenues, Profits, or Market Share Could Be Harmed If
 We Are Unable to Compete Effectively.
  The
 hotel, vacation ownership and residential industries are highly
 competitive. Our properties compete for customers with other
 hotel and resort properties, and, with respect to our vacation
 ownership resorts and residential projects, with owners
 reselling their VOIs, including fractional ownership, or
 apartments. Some of our competitors may have substantially
 greater marketing and financial resources than we do, and they
 may improve their facilities, reduce their prices or expand or
 improve their marketing programs in ways that adversely affect
 our operating results.

 Moreover, our present growth strategy for development of
 additional lodging facilities entails entering into and
 maintaining various arrangements with property owners. We
 compete with other hotel companies for management and franchise
 agreements. The terms of our management agreements, franchise
 agreements, and leases for each of our lodging facilities are
 influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among
 other things. We cannot assure you that any of our current
 arrangements will continue or that we will be able to enter into
 future collaborations, renew agreements, or enter into new
 agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as
 those that exist today. In connection with entering into
 management or franchise agreements, we may be required to make
 investments in or guarantee the obligations of third parties or
 guarantee minimum income to third parties.

 Our Businesses Are Capital
 Intensive.
  For our owned, managed and
 franchised properties to remain attractive and competitive, the
 property owners and we have to spend money periodically to keep
 the properties well maintained, modernized and refurbished. This
 creates an ongoing need for cash. Third-party property owners
 may be unable to access capital or unwilling to spend available
 capital when necessary, even if required by the terms of our
 management or franchise agreements. To the extent that property
 owners and we cannot fund expenditures from cash generated by
 operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise obtained.
 Failure to make the investments necessary to maintain or improve
 such properties could adversely affect the reputation of our
 brands.

 Recent events, including the failures and near failures of
 financial services companies and the decrease in liquidity and
 available capital, have negatively impacted the capital markets
 for hotel and real estate investments.

 Any Failure to Protect our Trademarks Could Have a
 Negative Impact on the Value of Our Brand Names and Adversely
 Affect Our Business.
  We believe our
 trademarks are an important component of our business. We rely
 on trademark laws to protect our proprietary rights. The success
 of our business depends in part upon our continued ability to
 use our trademarks to increase brand awareness and further
 develop our brand in both domestic and international markets.
 Monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is
 difficult. Litigation has been and may continue to be necessary
 to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the
 validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others.
 Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and
 diversion of resources, may result in counterclaims or other
 claims against us and could significantly harm our results of
 operations. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do
 not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the
 laws of the United States. From time to time, we apply to have
 certain trademarks registered. There is no guarantee that such
 trademark registrations will be granted. We cannot assure you
 that all of the steps we have taken to protect our trademarks in
 the United States and foreign countries will be adequate to
 prevent imitation of our trademarks by others. The unauthorized
 reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our
 brand and its market acceptance, competitive advantages or
 goodwill, which could adversely affect our business.

 7

Table of Contents

 Our Dependence on Hotel and Resort Development Exposes Us
 to Timing, Budgeting and Other Risks.
  We
 intend to develop hotel and resort properties and residential
 components of hotel properties, as suitable opportunities arise,
 taking into consideration the general economic climate. In
 addition, the owners and developers of new-build properties that
 we have entered into management or franchise agreements with are
 subject to these same risks which may impact the amount and
 timing of fees we had expected to collect from those properties.
 New project development has a number of risks, including risks
 associated with:

 • 

 construction delays or cost overruns that may increase project
 costs;

 • 

 receipt of zoning, occupancy and other required governmental
 permits and authorizations;

 • 

 development costs incurred for projects that are not pursued to
 completion;

 • 

 so-called acts of God such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods or
 fires that could adversely impact a project;

 • 

 defects in design or construction that may result in additional
 costs to remedy or require all or a portion of a property to be
 closed during the period required to rectify the situation;

 • 

 ability to raise capital; and

 • 

 governmental restrictions on the nature or size of a project or
 timing of completion.

 We cannot assure you that any development project, including
 sites held for development of vacation ownership resorts, will
 in fact be developed, and, if developed, the time period or the
 budget of such development may be greater than initially
 contemplated and the actual number of units or rooms constructed
 may be less than initially contemplated.

 International Operations Are Subject to Unique Political
 and Monetary Risks.
  We have significant
 international operations which as of December 31, 2010
 included 247 owned, managed or franchised properties in Europe,
 Africa and the Middle East (including 16 properties with
 majority ownership); 62 owned, managed or franchised properties
 in Latin America (including nine properties with majority
 ownership); and 181 owned, managed or franchised properties in
 the Asia Pacific region (including four properties with majority
 ownership). International operations generally are subject to
 various political, geopolitical, and other risks that are not
 present in U.S. operations. These risks include the risk of
 war, terrorism, civil unrest, expropriation and nationalization
 as well as the impact in cases in which there are
 inconsistencies between U.S. law and the laws of an
 international jurisdiction. In addition, some international
 jurisdictions restrict the repatriation of

non-U.S. earnings.
 Various other international jurisdictions have laws limiting the
 ability of

non-U.S. entities
 to pay dividends and remit earnings to affiliated companies
 unless specified conditions have been met. In addition, sales in
 international jurisdictions typically are made in local
 currencies, which subject us to risks associated with currency
 fluctuations. Currency devaluations and unfavorable changes in
 international monetary and tax policies could have a material
 adverse effect on our profitability and financing plans, as
 could other changes in the international regulatory climate and
 international economic conditions.

 Our Current Growth Strategy is Heavily Dependent on Growth
 in International Markets.
  As of December 31,
 2010, 84% of our pipeline represented international growth.
 Further 60% of our pipeline represents new properties in Asia
 Pacific with 45% of our pipeline representing new growth in
 China alone. We must rely on third parties to build and complete
 these projects as planned and cannot ensure that all such hotels
 will be timely constructed. If our third-party property owners
 fail to invest in these projects, or fail to invest at estimated
 levels, the projects may not be realized or may not be as
 successful as anticipated. Many countries in the Asia Pacific
 region, including China, have construction and operational
 logistics different than the U.S., including but not limited to
 labor, transportation, real estate, and local reporting or legal
 requirements. Our dependence on international markets for growth
 is also limited by the availability of new markets, and we face
 established competitors that are similarly looking to grow in
 new markets. If our international expansion plans are
 unsuccessful, our financial results could be materially
 adversely affected.

 Third Party Internet Reservation Channels May Negatively
 Impact Our Bookings.
  Some of our hotel rooms
 are booked through third party internet travel intermediaries
 such as
 Travelocity.com
®,

 Expedia.com
®,

 Orbitz.com
®

 and
 Priceline.com
®.

 As the percentage of internet bookings increases, these
 intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced
 room rates or other significant contract concessions from us.
 Moreover, some of these internet travel intermediaries are
 attempting to commoditize hotel rooms by increasing the

 8

Table of Contents

 importance of price and general indicators of quality (such as
 “three-star downtown hotel”) at the expense of brand
 identification. These agencies hope that consumers will
 eventually develop brand loyalties to their reservations system
 rather than to our lodging brands. Although we expect to derive
 most of our business from traditional channels and our websites,
 if the amount of sales made through internet intermediaries
 increases significantly, our business and profitability may be
 significantly harmed.

 A Failure to Keep Pace with Developments in Technology
 Could Impair Our Operations or Competitive
 Position.
  The hospitality industry continues
 to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems
 including technology utilized for property management, brand
 assurance and compliance, procurement, reservation systems,
 operation of our customer loyalty program, distribution and
 guest amenities. These technologies can be expected to require
 refinements, including to comply with the legal requirements
 such as privacy regulations and requirements established by
 third parties such as the payment card industry, and there is
 the risk that advanced new technologies will be introduced.
 Further, the development and maintenance of these technologies
 may require significant capital. There can be no assurance that
 as various systems and technologies become outdated or new
 technology is required, we will be able to replace or introduce
 them as quickly as our competition or within budgeted costs and
 timeframes. Further, there can be no assurance that we will
 achieve the benefits that may have been anticipated from any new
 technology or system.

 Significant Owners of Our Properties May Concentrate
 Risks.
  There is a concentration of ownership
 of hotels operated under our brands by any single owner.
 Following the acquisition of the Le Méridien brand business
 and a large disposition transaction to one ownership group in
 2006, single ownership groups own significant numbers of hotels
 operated by us. While the risks associated with such ownership
 are no different than exist generally (i.e., the financial
 position of the owner, the overall state of the relationship
 with the owner and their participation in optional programs and
 the impact on cost efficiencies if they choose not to
 participate), they are more concentrated.

 Our Real Estate Investments Subject Us to Numerous
 Risks.
  We are subject to the risks that
 generally relate to investments in real property because we own
 and lease hotels and resorts. The investment returns available
 from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on
 the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated
 by the related properties, and the expenses incurred. In
 addition, a variety of other factors affect income from