.

Risks Relating to Hotel, Resort, Vacation Ownership and Residential Operations 

We Are Subject to All the Operating Risks Common to the Hotel and Vacation Ownership and Residential Industries. 
Operating
risks common to the hotel and vacation ownership and residential industries include: 

•

 changes in general economic conditions, including the severity and duration of downturns in the United States, Europe and global economies;

•

 impact of war and terrorist activity (including threatened terrorist activity) and heightened travel security measures instituted in response thereto;

•

 domestic and international political and geopolitical conditions; 

•

 travelers’ fears of exposures to contagious diseases; 

•

 decreases in the demand for transient rooms and related lodging services, including a reduction in business travel as a result of general economic
conditions; 

•

 decreases in demand or increases in supply for vacation ownership interests; 

•

 the impact of internet intermediaries on pricing and our increasing reliance on technology; 

•

 cyclical over-building in the hotel and vacation ownership industries; 

•

 restrictive changes in zoning and similar land use laws and regulations or in health, safety and environmental laws, rules and regulations and other
governmental and regulatory action; 

•

 changes in travel patterns; 

•

 changes in operating costs including, but not limited to, energy, labor costs (including the impact of unionization), food costs, workers’
compensation and health-care related costs, insurance and unanticipated costs such as acts of nature and their consequences; 

•

 the costs and administrative burdens associated with compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including, among others, franchising, timeshare,
privacy, licensing and labor and employment; 

•

 disputes with owners of properties, including condominium hotels, franchisees and homeowner associations which may result in litigation;

•

 the availability and cost of capital to allow us and potential hotel owners and franchisees to fund construction, renovations and investments;

•

 foreign exchange fluctuations; 

•

 the financial condition of third-party owners, project developers and franchisees, which may impact our ability to recover indemnity payments that may
be owed to us and their ability to fund amounts required under development, management and franchise agreements and in most cases our recourse is limited to the equity value said party has in the property; 

•

 the financial condition of the airline industry and the impact on air travel; and 

•

 regulation or taxation of carbon dioxide emissions by airlines and other forms of transportation. 

If We Are Unable to Maintain Existing Management and Franchise Agreements or Obtain New Agreements on as Favorable Terms, our
Operating Results May be Adversely Affected.
 We are impacted by our relationships with hotel owners and franchisees. Our hotel management contracts are typically long-term arrangements, but most allow the hotel owner to replace us in certain
circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of the hotel owner or franchisee, the failure to meet certain financial or performance criteria and in certain cases, upon a sale of the property. Our ability to meet these financial and performance criteria is
subject to, among other things, the risks common to hotel industries described above. Factors outside of our control, such as the current European sovereign debt crisis, could also have a significant negative impact on the financial condition and
viability of our hotel property owners. Additionally, the nature of responsibilities under these management and franchise arrangements may give rise to disagreements with the property owners, making it difficult to maintain

6 

Table of Contents

positive relationships with current and potential hotel owners and franchisees. Consequently, our operating results would be adversely affected if we could not maintain existing management,
franchise or representation agreements or obtain new agreements on as favorable terms as the existing agreements. 

We and
Our Third Party Licensees May Not Be Able to Sell Residential Properties Using our Brands for a Profit or at Anticipated Prices. 
We utilize our brands in connection with the residential portions of certain properties that we develop and
license our brands to third parties to use in a similar manner for a fee. Residential properties using our brands could become less attractive due to changes in mortgage rates and the availability of mortgage financing generally, market absorption
or oversupply in a particular market. As a result, we and our third party licensees may not be able to sell these residences for a profit or at the prices that we or they have anticipated. 

The Recent Recession in the Lodging Industry and the Global Economy Generally Will Continue to Impact Our Financial Results and
Growth

. The recent economic recession and continued economic uncertainty in the United States, Europe and much of the rest of the world has had a negative impact on the hotel and vacation ownership and residential industries.
Substantial increases in air and ground travel costs and decreases in airline capacity have reduced demand for our hotel rooms and interval and fractional timeshare products. Accordingly, our financial results have been impacted by the economic
recession and both our future financial results and growth could be further harmed if recovery from the economic recession slows or the economic recession becomes worse. In certain cases, we have entered into third party hotel management contracts
which contain performance guarantees specifying that certain operating metrics will be achieved. As a result of the impact of the economic downturn on the lodging industry (and despite the stabilization in lodging that began in 2010), we may not
meet the requisite performance levels, and we may be forced to loan or contribute monies to fund the shortfall of performance levels or terminate the management contract. For a more detailed description of our performance guarantees, see Note 25 of
the consolidated financial statements. 

Moreover, many businesses, particularly financial institutions, face restrictions on
the ability to travel and hold conferences or events at resorts and luxury hotels. These restrictions as well as negative publicity associated with such companies holding large conference and corporate events has resulted in reduced corporate
bookings that could impact our financial results in the future. 

Our Revenues, Profits, or Market Share Could Be Harmed
If We Are Unable to Compete Effectively. 
The hotel, vacation ownership and residential industries are highly competitive. Our properties compete for customers with other hotel and resort properties, ranging from national and international
hotel brands to independent, local and regional hotel operators, and, with respect to our vacation ownership resorts and residential projects, with owners reselling their VOIs, including fractional ownership, or apartments. We compete based on a
number of factors, including quality and consistency of rooms, restaurant and meeting facilities and services, attractiveness of locations, availability of a global distribution system, price, and the ability to earn and redeem loyalty program
points. Some of our competitors may have substantially greater marketing and financial resources than we do, and if we are unable to successfully compete in these areas, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

Moreover, our present growth strategy for development of additional lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining various
management agreements, franchise agreements, and leases with property owners. We compete with other hotel companies for this business primarily on the basis of fees, contract terms, brand recognition, and reputation. In connection with entering into
these agreements, we may be required to make investments in, or guarantee the obligations of, third parties or guarantee minimum income to third parties. The terms of our management agreements, franchise agreements, and leases for each of our
lodging facilities are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. We cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to enter into future collaborations, renew
agreements, or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today. 

Our Businesses Are Capital Intensive. 
For our owned, managed and franchised properties to remain attractive and competitive,
the property owners and we have to spend money periodically to keep the properties well maintained, modernized and refurbished. This creates an ongoing need for cash. Third-party property owners may be unable to access capital or unwilling to spend
available capital when necessary, even if required 

7 

Table of Contents

by the terms of our management or franchise agreements. To the extent that property owners and we cannot fund expenditures from cash generated by operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise
obtained. Failure to make the investments necessary to maintain or improve such properties could adversely affect the reputation of our brands. 

Recent events, including the failures and near failures of financial services companies and the decrease in liquidity and available capital, have negatively impacted the capital markets for hotel and real
estate investments. 

Any Failure to Protect our Trademarks Could Have a Negative Impact on the Value of Our Brand Names
and Adversely Affect Our Business. 
We believe our trademarks are an important component of our business. We rely on trademark laws to protect our proprietary rights. The success of our business depends in part upon our continued ability to
use our trademarks to increase brand awareness and further develop our brand in both domestic and international markets. From time to time, we apply to have certain trademarks registered and there is no guarantee that such trademark registrations
will be granted. Further, monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. Litigation has been and may continue to be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the
proprietary rights of others. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, may result in counterclaims or other claims against us and could significantly harm our results of operations. In addition, the laws
of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. We cannot assure you that all of the steps we have taken to protect our trademarks in the United States and foreign countries
will be adequate to prevent imitation of our trademarks by others. The unauthorized reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our brand and its market acceptance, competitive advantages or goodwill, which could adversely affect our
business.

Our Dependence on Hotel and Resort Development Exposes Us to Timing, Budgeting and Other Risks.

We intend to develop hotel and resort properties and residential components of hotel properties, as suitable opportunities arise, taking into consideration the general economic climate. In addition, the owners and developers of new-build