.

Risks Relating to Hotel, Resort, Vacation Ownership and
Residential Operations

We Are Subject to All the Operating Risks Common to the
Hotel and Vacation Ownership and Residential Industries.

Operating risks common to the hotel and vacation ownership
industries include:

 •  

 changes in general economic conditions, including the prospects
 for improved performance in other parts of the world;

 •  

 impact of war and terrorist activity (including threatened
 terrorist activity) and heightened travel security measures
 instituted in response thereto;

 •  

 domestic and international political and geopolitical conditions;

 •  

 travelers’ fears of exposures to contagious diseases;

 •  

 decreases in the demand for transient rooms and related lodging
 services, including a reduction in business travel as a result
 of general economic conditions;

 •  

 the impact of internet intermediaries on pricing and our
 increasing reliance on technology;

 •  

 cyclical over-building in the hotel and vacation ownership
 industries;

 •  

 restrictive changes in zoning and similar land use laws and
 regulations or in health, safety and environmental laws, rules
 and regulations and other governmental and regulatory action;

 •  

 changes in travel patterns;

 •  

 changes in operating costs including, but not limited to,
 energy, labor costs (including the impact of unionization), food
 costs, workers’ compensation and health-care related costs,
 insurance and unanticipated costs such as acts of nature and
 their consequences;

 •  

 disputes with owners of properties, franchisees and homeowner
 associations which may result in litigation;

 •  

 the availability of capital to allow us and potential hotel
 owners and franchisees to fund construction, renovations and
 investments;

 •  

 foreign exchange fluctuations;

 •  

 the financial condition of third-party property owners, project
 developers and franchisees, which may impact our ability to
 recover indemnity payments that may be owed to us and their
 ability to fund amounts required under development, management
 and franchise agreements and in most cases our recourse is
 limited to the equity value said party has in the
 property; and

 •  

 the financial condition of the airline industry and the impact
 on air travel.

We are also impacted by our relationships with owners and
franchisees. Our hotel management contracts are typically
long-term arrangements, but most allow the hotel owner to
replace us if certain financial or performance criteria are not
met and in certain cases, upon a sale of the property. Our
ability to meet these financial and performance criteria is
subject to, among other things, the risks described in this
section. Additionally, our operating results would be adversely
affected if we could not maintain existing management, franchise
or representation agreements or obtain new agreements on as
favorable terms as the existing agreements.

General Economic Conditions May Negatively Impact Our
Results.
 Moderate or severe economic downturns or
adverse conditions may negatively affect our operations. These
conditions may be widespread or isolated to one or more
geographic regions. A tightening of the labor markets in one or
more geographic regions may result in fewer and/or less
qualified applicants for job openings in our facilities. Higher
wages, related labor costs and the increasing cost trends in the
insurance markets may negatively impact our results as wages,
related labor costs and insurance premiums increase.

10

Table of Contents

We Must Compete for Customers.
 The hotel and
vacation ownership industries are highly competitive. Our