.

 Risks
 Relating to Hotel, Resort, Vacation Ownership and Residential
 Operations

 We Are Subject to All the Operating Risks Common to the
 Hotel and Vacation Ownership and Residential
 Industries.
  Operating risks common to the
 hotel and vacation ownership and residential industries include:

 • 

 changes in general economic conditions, including the severity
 and duration of any downturn in the US or global economy;

 9

Table of Contents

 • 

 impact of war and terrorist activity (including threatened
 terrorist activity) and heightened travel security measures
 instituted in response thereto;

 • 

 domestic and international political and geopolitical conditions;

 • 

 travelers’ fears of exposures to contagious diseases;

 • 

 decreases in the demand for transient rooms and related lodging
 services, including a reduction in business travel as a result
 of general economic conditions;

 • 

 decreases in demand or increases in supply for vacation
 ownership interests;

 • 

 the impact of internet intermediaries on pricing and our
 increasing reliance on technology;

 • 

 cyclical over-building in the hotel and vacation ownership
 industries;

 • 

 restrictive changes in zoning and similar land use laws and
 regulations or in health, safety and environmental laws, rules
 and regulations and other governmental and regulatory action;

 • 

 changes in travel patterns;

 • 

 changes in operating costs including, but not limited to,
 energy, labor costs (including the impact of unionization), food
 costs, workers’ compensation and health-care related costs,
 insurance and unanticipated costs such as acts of nature and
 their consequences;

 • 

 disputes with owners of properties, including condominium
 hotels, franchisees and homeowner associations which may result
 in litigation;

 • 

 the availability and cost of capital to allow us and potential
 hotel owners and franchisees to fund construction, renovations
 and investments;

 • 

 foreign exchange fluctuations;

 • 

 the financial condition of third-party property owners, project
 developers and franchisees, which may impact our ability to
 recover indemnity payments that may be owed to us and their
 ability to fund amounts required under development, management
 and franchise agreements and in most cases our recourse is
 limited to the equity value said party has in the
 property; and

 • 

 the financial condition of the airline industry and the impact
 on air travel.

 We are also impacted by our relationships with owners and
 franchisees. Our hotel management contracts are typically
 long-term arrangements, but most allow the hotel owner to
 replace us if certain financial or performance criteria are not
 met and in certain cases, upon a sale of the property. Our
 ability to meet these financial and performance criteria is
 subject to, among other things, the risks described in this
 section. Additionally, our operating results would be adversely
 affected if we could not maintain existing management, franchise
 or representation agreements or obtain new agreements on as
 favorable terms as the existing agreements.

 We utilize our brands in connection with the residential
 portions of certain properties that we develop and license our
 brands to third parties to use in a similar manner for a fee.
 Residential properties using our brands could become less
 attractive due to changes in mortgage rates and the availability
 of mortgage financing generally, market absorption or oversupply
 in a particular market. As a result, we and our third party
 licensees may not be able to sell these residences for a profit
 or at the prices that we or they have anticipated.

 General Economic Conditions May Negatively Impact Our
 Results.
  Moderate or severe economic
 downturns or adverse conditions may negatively affect our
 operations. These conditions may be widespread or isolated to
 one or more geographic regions. A tightening of the labor
 markets in one or more geographic regions may result in fewer

and/or less
 qualified applicants for job openings in our facilities. Higher
 wages, related labor costs and the increasing cost trends in the
 insurance markets may negatively impact our results as wages,
 related labor costs and insurance premiums increase.

 We Must Compete for Customers.
  The
 hotel, vacation ownership and residential industries are highly
 competitive. Our properties compete for customers with other
 hotel and resort properties, and, with respect to our

 10

Table of Contents

 vacation ownership resorts and residential projects, with owners
 reselling their VOIs, including fractional ownership, or
 apartments. Some of our competitors may have substantially
 greater marketing and financial resources than we do, and they
 may improve their facilities, reduce their prices or expand or
 improve their marketing programs in ways that adversely affect
 our operating results.

 We Must Compete for Management and Franchise
 Agreements.
  We compete with other hotel
 companies for management and franchise agreements. As a result,
 the terms of such agreements may not be as favorable as our
 current agreements. In connection with entering into management
 or franchise agreements, we may be required to make investments
 in or guarantee the obligations of third parties or guarantee
 minimum income to third parties.

 Any Failure to Protect our Trademarks Could Have a
 Negative Impact on the Value of our Brand Names and Adversely
 Affect our Business.
  We believe our
 trademarks are an important component of our business. We rely
 on trademark laws to protect our proprietary rights. The success
 of our business depends in part upon our continued ability to
 use our trademarks to increase brand awareness and further
 develop our brand in both domestic and international markets.
 Monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is
 difficult. Litigation has been and may continue to be necessary
 to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the
 validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others.
 Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and
 diversion of resources, may result in counterclaims or other
 claims against us and could significantly harm our results of
 operations. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do
 not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the
 laws of the United States. From time to time, we apply to have
 certain trademarks registered. There is no guarantee that such
 trademark registrations will be granted. We cannot assure you
 that all of the steps we have taken to protect our trademarks in
 the United States and foreign countries will be adequate to
 prevent imitation of our trademarks by others. The unauthorized
 reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our
 brand and its market acceptance, competitive advantages or
 goodwill, which could adversely affect our business.

 Significant Owners of Our Properties May Concentrate
 Risks.
  Generally there has not been a
 concentration of ownership of hotels operated under our brands
 by any single owner. Following the acquisition of the Le
 Méridien brand business and the Host Transaction, single
 ownership groups own significant numbers of hotels operated by
 us. While the risks associated with such ownership are no
 different than exist generally (i.e., the financial position of
 the owner, the overall state of the relationship with the owner
 and their participation in optional programs and the impact on
 cost efficiencies if they choose not to participate), they are
 more concentrated.

 The Hotel Industry Is Seasonal in
 Nature.
  The hotel industry is seasonal in
 nature; however, the periods during which we experience higher
 revenue vary from property to property and depend principally
 upon location. Our revenue historically has been lower in the
 first quarter than in the second, third or fourth quarters.

 Third Party Internet Reservation Channels May Negatively
 Impact our Bookings.
  Some of our hotel rooms
 are booked through third party internet travel intermediaries
 such as
 Travelocity.com
®,
 Expedia.com
®
 and
 Priceline.com
®.
 As the percentage of internet bookings increases, these
 intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced
 room rates or other significant contract concessions from us.
 Moreover, some of these internet travel intermediaries are
 attempting to commoditize hotel rooms by increasing the
 importance of price and general indicators of quality (such as
 “three-star downtown hotel”) at the expense of brand
 identification. These agencies hope that consumers will
 eventually develop brand loyalties to their reservations system
 rather than to our lodging brands. Although we expect to derive
 most of our business from traditional channels and our websites,
 if the amount of sales made through internet intermediaries
 increases significantly, our business and profitability may be
 significantly harmed.

 We Place Significant Reliance on
 Technology.
  The hospitality industry
 continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and
 systems including technology utilized for property management,
 brand assurance and compliance, procurement, reservation
 systems, operation of our customer loyalty program, distribution
 and guest amenities. These technologies can be expected to
 require refinements, including to comply with legal requirements
 such as privacy regulations and requirements established by
 third parties such as the payment card industry, and there is
 the risk that advanced new technologies will be introduced.
 Further, the development and maintenance of these technologies
 may require significant capital. There can be no assurance that
 as various systems and technologies become outdated or new
 technology is required we will be able to replace or introduce
 them as

 11

Table of Contents

 quickly as our competition or within budgeted costs and
 timeframes for such technology. Further, there can be no
 assurance that we will achieve the benefits that may have been
 anticipated from any new technology or system.

 Our Businesses Are Capital
 Intensive.
  For our owned, managed and
 franchised properties to remain attractive and competitive, the
 property owners and we have to spend money periodically to keep
 the properties well maintained, modernized and refurbished. This
 creates an ongoing need for cash and, to the extent the property
 owners and we cannot fund expenditures from cash generated by
 operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise obtained. In
 addition, to continue growing our vacation ownership business
 and residential projects, we need to spend money to develop new
 units. Accordingly, our financial results may be sensitive to
 the cost and availability of funds and the carrying cost of VOI
 and residential inventory.

 Real Estate Investments Are Subject to Numerous
 Risks.
  We are subject to the risks that
 generally relate to investments in real property because we own
 and lease hotels and resorts. The investment returns available
 from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on
 the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated
 by the related properties, and the expenses incurred. In
 addition, a variety of other factors affect income from