In addition to the risk factors discussed elsewhere in this Report, we caution that the following "Risk Factors" could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Oil and natural gas prices are volatile, and low prices could negatively affect our financial results in the future. 

        Our operations can be materially affected by low oil and gas prices. We believe that any significant reduction in oil and gas prices
could depress the level of exploration and production activity and result in a corresponding decline in demand for our services. Worldwide military, political and economic events, including
initiatives by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries,
may affect both the demand for, and the supply of, oil and gas. Fluctuations during the last few years in the demand and supply of oil and gas have contributed to, and are likely to continue to
contribute to, price volatility. Any prolonged reduction in demand for our services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 A sluggish global economy may affect our business. 

        As a result of volatility in oil and natural gas prices and a continuing sluggish global economic environment, we are unable to
determine whether our customers will further reduce spending on exploration and development drilling or whether customers and/or vendors and suppliers will be able to access financing necessary to
sustain their current reduced level of operations, fulfill their commitments and/or fund future operations and obligations. The current global economic environment may continue to impact industry
fundamentals and result in reduced demand for drilling rigs. These conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

5 

 The contract drilling business is highly competitive. 

        Competition in contract drilling involves such factors as price, rig availability, efficiency, condition and type of equipment,
reputation, operating safety, and customer relations. Competition is primarily on a regional basis and may vary significantly by region at any particular time. Land drilling rigs can be readily moved
from one region to another in response to changes in levels of activity, and an oversupply of rigs in any region may result, leading to increased price competition. 

        Although
many contracts for drilling services are awarded based solely on price, we have been successful in establishing long-term relationships with certain customers which
have allowed us to secure drilling work even though we may not have been the lowest bidder for such work. We have continued to attempt to differentiate our services based upon our FlexRigs and our
engineering design expertise, operational efficiency, safety and environmental awareness. This strategy is less effective when lower demand for drilling services intensifies price competition and
makes it more difficult or impossible to compete on any basis other than price. Also, future improvements in operational efficiency and safety by our competitors could negatively affect our ability to
differentiate our services. 

 The loss of one or a number of our large customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        In fiscal 2010, we received approximately 57 percent of our consolidated operating revenues from our ten largest contract
drilling customers and approximately 29 percent of our
consolidated operating revenues from our three largest customers (including their affiliates). We believe that our relationship with all of these customers is good; however, the loss of one or more of
our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 International uncertainties and local laws could adversely affect our business. 

        International operations are subject to certain political, economic and other uncertainties not encountered in U.S. operations,
including increased risks of terrorism, kidnapping of employees, expropriation of equipment as well as expropriation of a particular oil company operator's property and drilling rights, taxation
policies, foreign exchange restrictions, currency rate fluctuations and general hazards associated with foreign sovereignty over certain areas in which operations are conducted. On June 30,
2010 the Venezuelan government seized 11 rigs owned by our Venezuelan subsidiary and associated real and personal property. 

        There
can be no assurance that there will not be changes in local laws, regulations and administrative requirements or the interpretation thereof which could have a material adverse
effect on the profitability of our operations or on our ability to continue operations in certain areas. Because of the impact of local laws, our future operations in certain areas may be conducted
through entities in which local citizens own interests and through entities (including joint ventures) in which we hold only a minority interest or pursuant to arrangements under which we conduct
operations under contract to local entities. While we believe that neither operating through such entities nor pursuant to such arrangements would have a material adverse effect on our operations or
revenues, there can be no assurance that we will in all cases be able to structure or restructure our operations to conform to local law (or the administration thereof) on terms we find acceptable. 

        Although
we attempt to minimize the potential impact of such risks by operating in more than one geographical area, during fiscal 2010, approximately 13 percent of our
consolidated operating revenues were generated from the international contract drilling business. During fiscal 2010, approximately 67 percent of the international operating revenues were from
operations in South America and approximately 69 percent of South American operating revenues were from Argentina and Colombia. 

 Our operations are subject to a number of operational risks, including weather. 

        Our drilling operations are subject to the many hazards inherent in the business, including inclement weather, blowouts and well fires.
These hazards could cause personal injury, suspend drilling operations, seriously damage or destroy the equipment involved and cause substantial damage to producing formations and the surrounding
areas. Our offshore drilling operations are also subject to potentially greater 

6 

environmental
liability, adverse sea conditions and platform damage or destruction due to collision with aircraft or marine vessels. Specifically, we operate several platform rigs in the Gulf of
Mexico. The Gulf of Mexico experiences hurricanes and other extreme weather conditions on a frequent basis, the frequency of which may increase with any climate change. Damage caused by high winds and
turbulent seas could potentially curtail operations on such platform rigs for significant periods of time until the damage can be repaired. Moreover, even if our platform rigs are not directly damaged
by such storms, we may experience disruptions in operations due to damage to customer platforms and other related facilities in the area. 

        We
have a new-build rig assembly facility located near the Houston, Texas ship channel. Also, our principal fabricator and other vendors are located in the gulf coast region.
Due to their location, these facilities are exposed to potentially greater hurricane damage. 

 Our operations present risks of loss that, if not insured or indemnified against, could adversely affect our results of operations. 

        With the exception of "named wind storm" risk in the Gulf of Mexico, we insure rigs and related equipment at values that approximate
the current replacement cost on the inception date of the policy. We self-insure a $1.0 million per occurrence deductible, as well as 10 percent of the estimated replacement
cost of offshore rigs and 30 percent of the estimated replacement cost for land rigs and equipment. We also carry insurance with varying deductibles and coverage limits with respect to offshore
platform rigs and "named wind storm" risk in the Gulf of Mexico. Rig property insurance coverage expires in May 2011. We are unable to obtain significant amounts of insurance to cover risks of
underground reservoir damage; however, we are generally indemnified under our drilling contracts from this risk. The Company self-insures a number of other risks including loss of earnings
and business interruption. 

        We
have insurance coverage for comprehensive general liability, automobile liability, worker's compensation and employer's liability, and certain other specific risks. Generally,
casualty deductibles range from $1 million to $2.5 million per occurrence, depending on the type of claim as well as whether a claim occurs inside or outside of the United States.
Insurance is purchased over deductibles to reduce our exposure to catastrophic events. We retain a significant portion of our expected losses under our worker's compensation, general liability and
automobile liability programs. We record estimates for incurred outstanding liabilities for unresolved worker's compensation, general liability and for claims that are incurred but not reported.
Estimates are based on adjuster estimates, historical experience or statistical
methods that we believe are reliable. Nonetheless, insurance estimates include certain assumptions and management judgments regarding the frequency and severity of claims, claim development and
settlement practices. Unanticipated changes in these factors may produce materially different amounts of expense that would be reported under these programs. 

        No
assurance can be given that all or a portion of our coverage will not be cancelled during fiscal 2011 or that insurance coverage will continue to be available at rates considered
reasonable. No assurance can be given that our insurance and indemnification arrangements will adequately protect us against all liabilities that could result from the hazards of our drilling
operations. Incurring a liability for which we are not fully insured or indemnified could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We depend on a limited number of vendors, some of which are thinly capitalized and the loss of any of which could disrupt our operations. 

        Certain key rig components are either purchased from or fabricated by a single or limited number of vendors, and we have no
long-term contracts with many of these vendors. Shortages could occur in these essential components due to an interruption of supply or increased demands in the industry. If we are unable
to procure certain of such rig components, we would be required to reduce our rig construction or other operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

        If
our principal fabricator, located on the Texas gulf coast, was unable or unwilling to continue fabricating rig components, then we would have to transfer this work to other acceptable
fabricators. This transfer could result in significant delay in the completion of new FlexRigs. Any significant interruption in 

7 

the
fabrication of rig components could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        Certain
key rig components are obtained from vendors that are, in some cases, thinly capitalized, independent companies that generate significant portions of their business from us or
from a small group of companies in the energy industry. These vendors may be disproportionately affected by any loss of business, downturn in the energy industry or reduction or unavailability of
credit. Therefore, disruptions in rig component delivery may occur, and such disruptions and terminations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

 Our securities portfolio may lose significant value due to a decline in equity prices and other market-related risks, thus impacting our debt ratio and financial strength. 

        At September 30, 2010, we had a portfolio of securities with a total fair value of $326 million. These securities are
subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the fair value of our holdings. Except for investments in limited partnerships carried at cost, the
portfolio is recorded at fair value on our balance sheet with changes in unrealized after-tax value reflected in the equity section of our balance sheet. Any reduction in fair value would
have an impact on our debt ratio and financial strength. At November 18, 2010, the fair value of the portfolio had increased to approximately $397 million. 

 Government regulations and environmental laws could adversely affect our business. 

        Many aspects of our operations are subject to government regulation, including those relating to drilling practices and methods and the
level of taxation. In addition, the United States and various other countries have environmental regulations which affect drilling operations. Drilling contractors may be liable for damages resulting
from pollution. Under United States regulations, drilling contractors must establish financial responsibility to cover potential liability for pollution of offshore waters. Generally, we are
indemnified under drilling contracts from liability arising from pollution, except in certain cases of surface pollution. However, the enforceability of indemnification provisions in foreign countries
may be questionable. 

        We
believe that we are in substantial compliance with all legislation and regulations affecting our operations in the drilling of oil and gas wells and in controlling the discharge of
wastes. To date, compliance has not materially affected our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position, although compliance measures may add to the costs of drilling operations.
Additional legislation or regulation may reasonably be anticipated, and the effect thereof on our operations cannot be predicted. 

 Regulation of greenhouse gases and climate change could have a negative impact on our business. 

        Some scientific studies have suggested that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as "greenhouse gases" ("GHGs") and
including carbon dioxide and methane, may be contributing to warming of the Earth's atmosphere and other climatic changes. In response to such studies, the issue of climate change and the effect of
GHG emissions, in particular emissions from fossil fuels, is attracting increasing attention worldwide. We are aware of the increasing focus of local, state, national and international regulatory
bodies on GHG emissions and climate change issues. We are aware that The United States Congress is actively considering legislation to reduce GHG emissions. Although it is not possible at this time to
predict whether proposed legislation or regulations will be adopted, any such future laws and regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions. Any
additional costs or operating restrictions associated with legislation or regulations regarding GHG emissions could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        In
addition, because our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry, existing or future laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements related
to GHGs and climate change, including incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources, could have an adverse impact on our business if such laws, regulations, treaties or international
agreements reduce the worldwide demand for oil and natural gas or otherwise result in reduced economic activity generally. A reduced demand for oil and natural gas or reduced economic activity could
materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

8 

 New legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays. 

        The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, or the EPA, has commenced a study of the potential environmental impacts of hydraulic
fracturing, including the impact on drinking water sources and public health, and a committee of the U.S. House of Representatives is also conducting an investigation of hydraulic fracturing
practices. Legislation has been introduced before Congress to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing and to require disclosure of the chemicals used in the fracturing process. In
addition, some states have and others are considering adopting regulations that could restrict hydraulic fracturing in certain circumstances. Any new laws, regulation or permitting requirements
regarding hydraulic fracturing could lead to operational delay, or increased operating costs or third party or governmental claims, and could result in additional burdens that could serve to delay or
limit the drilling services we provide to third parties whose drilling operations could be impacted by these regulations or increase our costs of compliance and doing business as well as delay the
development of unconventional gas resources from shale formations which are not commercial without the use of hydraulic fracturing. 

 Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by foreign currency devaluation. 

        Contracts for work in foreign countries generally provide for payment in United States dollars, except for amounts required to meet
local expenses. However, government-owned petroleum companies may in the future require that a greater proportion of these payments be made in local currencies. Based upon current information, we
believe that our exposure to potential losses from currency devaluation in foreign countries is immaterial. With the exception of Argentina, all receivables and payments in foreign counties are
currently in U.S. dollars. Cash balances are also kept at an insignificant level which assists in reducing exposure. In Argentina we invoice in U.S. dollars and are paid in pesos equivalent to the
dollar invoice. Our Argentine subsidiary then remits the dollars to the parent by exchanging pesos through the Argentine Central Bank. While the Argentine peso was devalued in both 2009 and 2010, the
devaluation losses in those years were not material to our financial statements. 

 Fixed-term contracts may in certain instances be terminated without an early termination payment. 

        Fixed-term drilling contracts customarily provide for termination at the election of the customer, with an "early
termination payment" to be paid to us if a contract is terminated prior to the expiration of the fixed term. However, under certain limited circumstances, such as destruction of a drilling rig, our
bankruptcy, sustained unacceptable performance by us or delivery of a rig beyond certain grace and/or liquidated damage periods, no early termination payment would be paid to us. Even if an early
termination payment is owed to us, the current global economic environment may affect the customer's ability to pay the early termination payment. 

 Variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 

        We have in place a $400 million senior unsecured credit facility which expires in December of 2011. We had $10 million
borrowed and two letters of credit totaling $21.9 million outstanding against the facility at September 30, 2010. As of November 18, 2010, the $10 million outstanding
balance had been paid. The interest rate on the borrowings is based on a spread over LIBOR and we pay a commitment fee based on the unused balance of the facility. The spread over LIBOR as well as the
commitment fee is determined according to a scale based on a ratio of our total debt to total capitalization. We also have the option to borrow at the prime rate for maturities of less than
30 days. Interest rates could rise for various reasons in the future and increase our total interest expense, depending upon the amount borrowed against the credit lines. 

 Shortages of drilling equipment and supplies could adversely affect our operations. 

        The contract drilling business is highly cyclical. During periods of increased demand for contract drilling services, delays in
delivery and shortages of drilling equipment and supplies can occur. These risks are intensified during periods when the industry experiences significant new drilling rig construction or
refurbishment. Any such delays or shortages could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 New technologies may cause our drilling methods and equipment to become less competitive, resulting in an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

        Although we take measures to ensure that we use advanced oil and natural gas drilling technology, changes in technology or improvements
in competitors' equipment could make our equipment less competitive or require significant capital investments to keep our equipment competitive. 

 Competition for experienced technical personnel may negatively impact our operations or financial results. 

        We utilize highly skilled personnel in operating and supporting our businesses. In times of high utilization, it can be difficult to
retain, and in some cases find, qualified individuals. Although to date our operations have not been materially affected by competition for personnel, an inability to obtain or find a sufficient
number of qualified personnel could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Improvements in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies could have a material adverse affect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

        Since our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry, any improvement in or new discoveries of
alternative energy technologies that increase the use of alternative forms of energy and reduce the demand for oil and natural gas could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.