In
 addition to the factors discussed elsewhere, the following, which have not
 been
 sequenced in any particular order, are important factors that could cause actual
 results or events to differ materially from those contained in any
 forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. 

The
 Company is subject to litigation.

The
 Company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits that arise out of, and are
 incidental to, the current and past conduct of the Company’s business. These
 suits concern issues such as product liability, asbestos, environmental matters,
 contract disputes, labor-related matters, intellectual property, property damage
 and personal injury matters. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome
 of
 all pending suits and claims, the ultimate resolution of these matters could
 have a material effect upon the Company’s financial position, operating results
 and cash flows. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for a thorough discussion of the most significant legal
 matters.

The
 Company is subject to environmental liabilities.

The
 Company is subject to numerous foreign, federal, state and local environmental
 laws and regulations covering compliance matters or imposing liability for
 the
 costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up sites, past spills, disposals
 and other releases of hazardous substances. Changes in these laws and
 regulations, or the interpretation thereof, could have a material effect on
 the
 Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Any failure
 by the Company to adequately comply with such laws and regulations could subject
 the Company to significant future liabilities, including fines and penalties.

The
 Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party by U.S. federal
 and state authorities, or by private parties seeking contribution, for the
 cost
 of environmental investigation and/or cleanup at numerous sites. Actual costs
 to
 resolve these matters will depend on numerous factors, including the number
 of
 parties found responsible at each environmental site and their ability to pay;
 the actual methods of remediation required or agreed to; outcomes of
 negotiations with regulatory authorities; outcomes of litigation; changes in
 environmental laws and regulations; technological developments; the discovery
 of
 new information not known at this time; and the years of remedial activity
 required, which could range from zero to 30 years or longer. The ultimate
 resolution of such matters could have a material effect upon the Company’s
 financial position, operating results and cash flows. See Notes 12 and 
13 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for a thorough discussion of the most significant
 environmental matters.

 -7-

 Table
 of Contents

The
 Company has significant leverage.

As
 of
 December 31, 2006, the Company's total debt was $995.5 million, of which
 approximately 60% is fixed rate indebtedness. The Company's indebtedness has
 significant consequences. For example, it could: increase the Company's
 vulnerability to economic downturns and competitive pressures; require the
 Company to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations
 to
 payments on its indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of its cash
 flow
 to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts
 and other general corporate purposes; limit the Company's flexibility in
 planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industries in
 which it operates or in pursuing attractive business opportunities requiring
 debt financing; place the Company at a disadvantage to its competitors that
 have
 less debt; and limit the Company's ability to borrow additional funds due to
 restrictive covenants.

The
 Senior Credit Facility and the indentures governing the 11.125% senior notes
 due
 2007 and the 6.75% senior subordinated notes due 2029, which together account
 for $641.1 million of the Company's debt, contain numerous restrictive
 covenants, including, among other things, covenants that limit the Company's
 ability to: borrow money and incur contingent liabilities; make dividend or
 other restricted payments; use assets as security in other transactions; enter
 into transactions with affiliates; enter into new lines of business; issue
 and
 sell stock of restricted subsidiaries; sell assets or merge with or into other
 companies and make capital expenditures. In addition, the Senior Credit Facility
 requires the Company to meet financial ratios and tests, including maximum
 leverage and interest coverage levels. These restrictions could limit the
 Company's ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet
 extraordinary capital needs and could otherwise restrict corporate activities.
 See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a
 thorough discussion of the Company’s indebtedness.

The
 Company has unfunded liabilities with respect to certain pension and
 postretirement benefit plans.

The
 projected benefit obligation of the Company’s U.S. defined benefit pension plan
 and postretirement benefit plan and certain foreign plans exceeds the fair
 value
 of plan assets. In addition, the assets and liabilities associated with the
 Company’s defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans are subject
 to interest rate and market risk. See Note 10 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for a description and related financial
 disclosures for the defined benefit pension and postretirement
 plans.

The
 Company is subject to extensive competition.

The
 global specialty chemicals industry is highly competitive. Some of our
 competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources,
 which could provide them with a competitive advantage. Also, the Company’s
 competitors have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, a reduction
 in prices for some of the Company’s products as a result of intensified price
 competition. Additionally, although the Company does not compete primarily
 on
 the basis of price, the Company’s customers are price sensitive. Accordingly, in
 periods where we are not able to pass on increased production costs, including
 those associated with the increasing prices of raw materials, gross margins
 may
 deteriorate. 

The
 Company is subject to technological change and innovation.

Many
 of
 the Company’s products could be affected by technological change and new product
 introductions and enhancements. Accordingly, product innovation and new product
 development are integral to the Company’s strategy. Research and development
 efforts are directed towards the discovery and development of new products
 and
 processes, the improvement and refinement of existing products and processes,
 the development of new applications for existing products and cost improvement
 initiatives. There can be no assurance that product development efforts will
 be
 successful, that we will be able to cost-effectively manufacture these new
 products or that we will be able to successfully market such products or that
 our competitors will not develop new products or technologies that compete
 with
 or reduce the market for our products or services.

The
 Company is subject to supply constraints and price volatility with respect
 to
 raw material and energy.

The
 Company acquires raw materials and energy from its vendors under a variety
 of
 short- and long-term contracts and supply agreements, depending upon various
 economic and logistical factors. The purchase prices are generally related
 to
 prevailing market conditions and are linked, in some cases, to relevant market
 indices. Changes in raw material and energy costs have historically had a
 material impact on the Company’s profit and cash from operations and are
 anticipated to continue to impact future periods similarly.

Some
 of the Company’s customers are in cyclical industries.

Some
 of
 the Company’s customers are in industries and businesses that are cyclical in
 nature and many are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions. The
 demand for our products depends, in part, upon the general economic conditions
 of the markets of our customers. Downward economic cycles in our customers’
industries may reduce sales of our products.

 -8-

 Table
 of Contents

The
 Company’s international operations are affected by global and regional
 conditions.

The
 Company’s international operations are subject to risks, such as currency
 exchange controls, labor unrest, regional economic uncertainty, political
 instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds into or out of a country,
 export duties and quotas, domestic and foreign customs and tariffs and current
 and changing regulatory environments. These events could have an adverse effect
 on our international operations in the future by reducing the demand for our
 products, increasing our costs or otherwise having an adverse affect on our
 results of operations. 

Foreign
 exchange rate fluctuations impact the Company’s financial
 performance.

Our
 products are sold throughout the world and, as a result, currency fluctuations
 impact our financial performance. Our revenues in foreign countries are largely
 generated in foreign currencies, while costs incurred to generate those revenues
 are only partly incurred in the same currencies. We sometimes enter into hedging
 transactions to reduce the Company’s exposure to currency exchange risk, but
 such transactions cannot eliminate all of the risks associated with currency
 fluctuations. Because our financial statements are denominated in
 U.S. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the
 U.S. dollar and other currencies could have a material adverse effect on
 our results of operations.

The
 Company’s production facilities are subject to operating
 hazards.

We
 are
 dependent on the continued operation of our production facilities. Such
 production facilities are subject to hazards associated with the manufacture,
 handling, storage and transportation of chemical materials and products,
 including pipeline leaks and ruptures, explosions, fires, inclement weather
 and
 natural disasters, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties,
 transportation interruptions, remediation complications, chemical spills,
 discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases, storage tank
 leaks and other environmental risks. These hazards can cause personal injury
 and
 loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and
 environmental damage and could have a material adverse effect on our results
 of
 operations.