In
 addition to the factors discussed elsewhere, the following, which have not
 been
 sequenced in any particular order, are important factors that could cause
 actual
 results or events to differ materially from those contained in any
 forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. 

Indebtedness

         As
 of December 31, 2005, the Company's total debt was approximately $1,109.3
 million, of which 64% is fixed rate indebtedness. The Company's indebtedness
 has
 significant consequences. For example, it could: increase the Company's
 vulnerability to economic downturns and competitive pressures; require the
 Company to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations
 to
 payments on its indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of its cash
 flow
 to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts
 and other general corporate purposes; limit the Company's flexibility in
 planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industries
 in
 which it operates or in pursuing attractive business opportunities requiring
 debt financing; place the Company at a disadvantage to its competitors that
 have
 less debt; and limit the Company's ability to borrow additional funds due
 to
 restrictive covenants.

         The
 Senior Credit Facility and the indentures governing the 11.125% senior notes
 due
 2007 and the 6.75% senior subordinated notes due 2029, which together account
 for a large portion of the Company's debt, contain numerous restrictive
 covenants, including, among other things, covenants that limit the Company's
 ability to: borrow money and incur contingent liabilities; make dividend
 or
 other restricted payments; use assets as security in other transactions;
 enter
 into transactions with affiliates; enter into new lines of business; issue
 and
 sell stock of restricted subsidiaries; sell assets or merge with or into
 other
 companies and make capital expenditures. In addition, the Senior Credit Facility
 requires the Company to meet financial ratios and tests, including maximum
 leverage and interest coverage levels. These restrictions could limit the
 Company's ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet
 extraordinary capital needs and could otherwise restrict corporate
 activities.

 -7-

         The
 Company's ability to comply with the covenants and other terms of the Senior
 Credit Facility and the indentures governing the senior notes and to satisfy
 these and other debt obligations will depend upon the Company's current and
 future performance. The Company's performance is affected by general economic
 conditions and by financial, competitive, political, business and other factors,
 many of which are beyond the Company's control. The Company believes that
 the
 cash generated from its businesses will be sufficient to enable the Company
 to
 comply with the covenants and other terms of the Senior Credit Facility and
 the
 indentures governing the senior notes and to make debt payments as they become
 due.

         The
 Company and its subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future.
 As
 of December 31, 2005, the Company had a $550 million Senior Credit Facility
 with a syndicate of banks. Under the Senior Credit Facility, the Company
 has a
 $150 million revolving credit agreement, which permits certain additional
 borrowings. In addition, the Company has the option to borrow an additional
 $250
 million in the form of a term note under the Senior Credit Facility. If new
 indebtedness is added to the Company's current indebtedness levels, the risks
 described above could increase.

Market
 Risk

         Fluctuations
 in interest and foreign currency exchange rates affect the Company's financial
 position and results of operations. The Company has used several strategies
 to
 actively hedge interest rate and foreign currency exposure and minimize the
 effect of such fluctuations on reported earnings and cash flow (see "Foreign
 Currency Translation" and "Derivative Instruments and Hedging" in the Summary
 of
 Significant Accounting Policies and Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements). Sensitivity of the Company's financial instruments to selected
 changes in market rates and prices, which are reasonably possible over a
 one-year period, are described below. The market values for interest rate
 risk
 are calculated by the Company utilizing a third-party software that employs
 standard pricing models to determine the present value of the instruments
 based
 on the market conditions as of the valuation date.

         The
 Company's derivative and other financial instruments subject to interest
 rate
 risk consist substantially of debt instruments (see Note 24 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements). At December 31, 2005 and 2004, net market value of
 these combined instruments was a liability of $1,092.4 million and $1,265.2
 million, respectively. The sensitivity analysis assumes an instantaneous
 100-basis point move in interest rates from their levels, with all other
 variables held constant. A 100-basis point increase in interest rates at
 December 31, 2005 and 2004 would result in a $59.1 million and a $69.8
 million decrease, respectively, in the net market value of the liability.
 A
 100-basis point decrease in interest rates at December 31, 2005 and 2004
 would result in a $63.9 million and a $73.7 million increase, respectively,
 in
 the net market value of the liability.

         Our
 financial instruments subject to foreign currency exchange risk consist of
 foreign currency forwards and options and represent a net liability position
 of
 $0.2 million and a net asset position of $0.6 million at December 31, 2005
 and 2004, respectively. The following sensitivity analysis assumes an
 instantaneous 10% change in foreign currency exchange rates from year-end
 levels, with all other variables held constant. A 10% strengthening of the
 U.S.
 dollar versus other currencies at December 31, 2005 and 2004 would result
 in a $0.1 million decrease and a $0.6 million increase, respectively, in
 the net
 position, while a 10% weakening of the dollar versus all currencies would
 result
 in a $0.1 million and a $0.8 million decrease, respectively, in the net
 position. 

         Foreign
 exchange forward and option contracts have been used to hedge the Company's
 firm
 and anticipated foreign currency cash flows. Thus, there is either an asset
 or
 cash flow exposure related to all the financial instruments in the above
 sensitivity analysis for which the impact of a movement in exchange rates
 would
 be in the opposite direction and substantially equal to the impact on the
 instruments in the analysis. There are presently no material restrictions
 on the
 remittance of funds generated by the Company's operations outside the United
 States; however, in certain regions, primarily Latin America and Asia Pacific,
 there are general limitations on the repatriation of cash. 

         The
 Company has not designated any derivative as a hedge instrument under Statement
 of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
 Instruments and Hedging Activities" ("SFAS 133") and, accordingly, changes
 in
 the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in earnings.

Commodity
 Price Risk

         The
 Company acquires raw materials and energy from its vendors under a variety
 of
 short-and long-term contracts and supply agreements, depending upon various
 economic and logistical factors. The purchase prices are generally related
 to
 prevailing market conditions and are linked, in some cases, to relevant market
 indices. Changes in raw material and energy costs have historically had a
 material impact on the Company’s profit and cash from operations and are
 anticipated to continue to impact future periods similarly.

          In
 order to mitigate these risks, the Company employs a variety of strategic
 sourcing techniques to minimize use of sole source suppliers, establish
 contracts that limit the frequency or magnitude of price increases, have
 alternate raw materials approved for use, selectively hedge certain strategic
 commodities, identify alternate suppliers in lower cost regions of the world,
 continually reassess its value chain, and aggressively counter suppliers’
attempts to increase costs.

 -8-

New
 Product Development

         Product
 innovation and new product development are integral to the Company’s strategy.
 Research and development efforts are directed towards the discovery and
 development of new products and processes, the improvement and refinement
 of
 existing products and processes, the development of new applications for
 existing products and cost improvement initiatives. There can be no assurance
 that product development efforts will be successful, that we will be able
 to
 cost-effectively manufacture these new products or that we will be able to
 successfully market these products.

Environmental

         In
 the ordinary course of its business, the Company is subject to numerous
 environmental laws and regulations covering compliance matters or imposing
 liability for the costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up sites,
 past
 spills, disposals and other releases of hazardous substances. Changes in
 these
 laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on the Company's
 financial position and results of operations. Any failure by the Company
 to
 adequately comply with such laws and regulations could subject the Company
 to
 significant future liabilities.

         Environmental
 remediation expenses are funded from internal sources of cash. Such expenses,
 the most significant of which relate to non-operating or former sites, are
 not
 expected to have a significant effect on the Company's ongoing liquidity.
 Environmental cleanup costs, including capital expenditures for ongoing
 operating sites, are a normal, recurring part of operations and are not
 significant in relation to total operating costs or cash flows (see Item
 3,
 Legal Proceedings and Notes 11 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements).

Litigation

         Hercules
 is a defendant in numerous lawsuits arising out of, or incidental to, the
 conduct of its business. Such litigation typically falls within the following
 broad categories: environmental (discussed above); antitrust; commercial;
 intellectual property; labor and employment; personal injury; property damage;
 product liability; and toxic tort. While it is not feasible to predict the
 outcome of all pending matters, the ultimate resolution of one or more of
 these
 matters could have a material effect upon the Company’s financial position,
 results of operations and/or cash flows (see Item 3, Legal Proceedings and
 Notes
 11 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Pension

         The
 assets and liabilities associated with the Company's defined benefit plans
 are
 subject to interest rate and market risk. A 100-basis point decrease or increase
 in the discount rate has an unfavorable or favorable impact of approximately
 $170 million on the U.S. defined benefit plan’s accumulated benefit obligation
 (“ABO”) and an unfavorable or favorable impact on its projected benefit
 obligation (“PBO”) of approximately $177 million. A 100-basis point decrease or
 increase in the assumed rate of return has an unfavorable or favorable impact
 of
 approximately $12 million on the estimated expense for the U.S. pension and
 postretirement plans in 2006 (see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements).

 -9-