In
addition to the factors discussed elsewhere, the following, which have not been
sequenced in any particular order, are important factors that could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company.

The
Company is subject to litigation.

The
Company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits that arise out of, and are
incidental to, the current and past conduct of the Company’s
business.  These suits concern issues such as environmental;
antitrust; commercial; intellectual property; labor and employment; personal
injury; property damage; product liability; and toxic tort.  While it
is not feasible to predict the outcome of all pending suits and claims, the
ultimate resolution of these matters could have a material effect upon the
Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.  See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for a thorough discussion of the most significant litigation
matters.

The
Company is subject to environmental liabilities.

The
Company is subject to numerous foreign, federal, state and local environmental
laws and regulations covering compliance matters or imposing liability for the
costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up sites, past spills, disposals
and other releases of hazardous substances.  Changes in these laws and
regulations, or the interpretation thereof, could have a material effect on the
Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.  Any failure by the Company to adequately comply with such laws
and regulations could subject the Company to significant future liabilities,
including fines and penalties.

 - 7
-

 Table of Contents

The
Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party by U.S. federal
and state authorities, or by private parties seeking contribution, for the cost
of environmental investigation and/or cleanup at numerous
sites.  Actual costs to resolve these matters will depend on numerous
factors, including the number of parties found responsible at each environmental
site and their ability to pay; the actual methods of remediation required or
agreed to; outcomes of negotiations with regulatory authorities; outcomes of
litigation; changes in environmental laws and regulations; technological
developments; the discovery of new information not known at this time; and the
remedial activity required, which could last for an extended number of
years.  The ultimate resolution of such matters could have a material
effect upon the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.  See Notes 11 and 
12 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for a thorough discussion of the most
significant environmental matters.

The
Company is subject to extensive competition.

The
global specialty chemicals industry is highly competitive. Some of our
competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources,
which could provide them with a competitive advantage.  Also, the
Company’s competitors have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, a
reduction in prices for some of the Company’s products as a result of
intensified price competition.  Additionally, although the Company
does not compete primarily on the basis of price, the Company’s customers are
price sensitive.  Accordingly, during periods in which the Company is
not able to pass on increased production costs, including those associated with
the increasing prices of raw materials, gross margins may
deteriorate.

The
Company is subject to technological change and innovation.

Many of
the Company’s products could be affected by technological change and new product
introductions and enhancements.  Accordingly, product innovation and
new product development are integral to the Company’s
strategy.  Research and development efforts are directed towards the
discovery and development of new products and processes, the improvement and
refinement of existing products and processes, the development of new
applications for existing products and cost improvement
initiatives.  There can be no assurance that product development
efforts will be successful, that we will be able to cost-effectively manufacture
these new products or that we will be able to successfully market such products
or that our competitors will not develop new products or technologies that
compete with or reduce the market for our products or services.

The
Company is subject to supply constraints and price volatility with respect to
raw materials and energy.

The
Company acquires raw materials and energy from its vendors under a variety of
short and long-term contracts and supply agreements, depending upon various
economic and logistical factors.  The purchase prices are generally
related to prevailing market conditions and are linked, in some cases, to
relevant market indices.  Changes in raw material and energy costs
have historically had a material impact on the Company’s results from operations
and cash flows and are anticipated to continue to impact future periods
similarly.

The
Company may be impacted by changes in its customer’s markets.

Some
customers are in industries and businesses that are cyclical in
nature.  Many customers are sensitive to changes in general
economic conditions.  The demand for our products depends, in part,
upon the general economic conditions of the markets of our
customers.  Downward economic cycles in our customers’ industries may
reduce sales of our products.

The
Company’s international operations are affected by global and regional
conditions.

The
Company’s international operations are subject to risks, such as currency
exchange controls, labor unrest, regional economic uncertainty, political
instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds into or out of a country,
import and export duties and quotas, domestic and foreign customs and tariffs
and current and changing regulatory environments.  These events could
have an adverse effect on our international operations in the future by reducing
the demand for our products, increasing our costs or otherwise having an adverse
affect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.

Foreign
exchange rate fluctuations impact the Company’s financial
performance.

Our
products are sold throughout the world and, as a result, currency fluctuations
impact our financial performance. Our revenues in foreign countries are largely
generated in foreign currencies, while costs incurred to generate those revenues
are only partly incurred in the same currencies.  We sometimes enter
into hedging transactions to reduce the Company’s exposure to currency exchange
risk, but such transactions cannot eliminate all of the risks associated with
currency fluctuations.  Because our financial statements are
denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the
U.S. dollar and other currencies could have a material adverse effect on
the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.

 - 8
-

 Table of Contents

The
Company’s production facilities are subject to operating hazards.

We are
dependent on the continued operation of our production
facilities.  Such production facilities are subject to hazards
associated with the manufacture, handling, storage and transportation of
chemical materials and products, including pipeline leaks and ruptures,
explosions, fires, inclement weather and natural disasters, mechanical failure,
unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties, transportation interruptions,
remediation complications, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or
hazardous substances or gases, storage tank leaks and other environmental and
operational risks.  These hazards can cause personal injury and loss
of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and
environmental damage and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

The
Company has significant leverage.

As of
December 31, 2007, the Company's total debt was $796.0 million, of which
more than one-half is fixed rate indebtedness.  The Company's
indebtedness has certain consequences.  For example, it could:
increase the Company's vulnerability to economic downturns and competitive
pressures; require the Company to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash
flow from operations to payments on its indebtedness, thereby reducing the
availability of its cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures,
research and development efforts and other general corporate purposes; limit the
Company's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business
and the industries in which it operates or in pursuing attractive business
opportunities requiring debt financing; place the Company at a disadvantage to
its competitors that have less debt; and limit the Company's ability to borrow
additional funds due to restrictive covenants.

The
Senior Credit Facility and the indentures governing the 6.75% senior notes
due 2029, which together account for $511.0 million of the Company's debt,
contain numerous restrictive covenants, including, among other things, covenants
that limit the Company's ability to: borrow money and incur contingent
liabilities; make dividend or other restricted payments; use assets as security
in other transactions; enter into transactions with affiliates; enter into new
lines of business; issue and sell stock of restricted subsidiaries; sell assets
or merge with or into other companies and make capital
expenditures.  In addition, the Senior Credit Facility requires the
Company to meet financial ratios and tests, including maximum leverage and
interest coverage levels.  These restrictions could limit the
Company's ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet
extraordinary capital needs and could otherwise restrict corporate activities.
See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a
thorough discussion of the Company’s indebtedness.

The
Company has unfunded liabilities with respect to certain pension and
postretirement benefit plans.

The
projected benefit obligation of the Company’s U.S. defined benefit pension plan
and postretirement benefit plan and certain foreign plans exceeds the fair value
of plan assets.  In addition, the assets and liabilities associated
with the Company’s defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans are
subject to interest rate and market risk.  See Note
9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description and related
financial disclosures for the defined benefit pension and postretirement
plans.

The
Company’s outsourcing and offshoring initiatives as well as its information
technology platform upgrade project have the potential to adversely impact
normal operations.

As
discussed more thoroughly in Note 16 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, the Company is engaged in a comprehensive effort to
outsource and offshore a substantial number of corporate and business
functions.  Additionally, the Company is in the midst of a multi-year
project to upgrade its information technology platform.  While the
Company has engaged in extensive planning with respect to the transition and
implementation of these initiatives and projects, including the consideration of
contingencies, there are inherent risks with such activities.  Such
risks include business interruption, deficiencies in internal controls,
excessive or unanticipated costs, information technology data corruption, loss
and/or malfunction, and failure to achieve projected cost savings among
others.  These risks could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows.