. 

        Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future
performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

The competitive pressures we face could harm our revenue, gross margin and prospects. 

        We encounter aggressive competition from numerous and varied competitors in all areas of our business, and our competitors may target our key market segments. We
compete primarily on the basis of technology, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our products, account
relationships, customer training, service and support, security, availability of application software, and Internet infrastructure offerings. If our products, services, support and cost structure do
not enable us to compete successfully based on any of those criteria, our operations, results and prospects could be harmed. 

        Unlike
many of our competitors, we have a portfolio of businesses and must allocate resources across these businesses while competing with companies that specialize in one or more of
these product lines. As a result, we may invest less in certain areas of our businesses than our competitors do, and these competitors may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources
available to them than our businesses that compete against them. Industry consolidation also may affect competition by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger competitors in the
markets in which we compete, and our competitors also may affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with existing or potential customers or suppliers. 

        We
may have to continue to lower the prices of many of our products and services to stay competitive, while at the same time trying to maintain or improve revenue and gross margin. The
markets in which we do business, particularly the personal computer and printing markets, are highly competitive, and we encounter aggressive price competition for all of our products and services
from numerous companies globally. Over the past several years, price competition in the market for personal computers, printers and related products has been particularly intense as competitors have
aggressively cut prices and lowered their product margins for these products. Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide
pricing pressures. 

        Because
our business model is based on providing innovative and high quality products, we may spend a proportionately greater amount on research and development than some of our
competitors. If we cannot proportionately decrease our cost structure on a timely basis in response to competitive price pressures, our gross margin and therefore our profitability could be adversely
affected. In addition, if our pricing and other factors are not sufficiently competitive, or if there is an adverse reaction to our product decisions, we may lose market share in certain areas, which
could adversely affect our revenue and prospects. 

        Even
if we are able to maintain or increase market share for a particular product, revenue could decline because the product is in a maturing industry. Revenue and margins also could
decline due to increased competition from other types of products. For example, refill and remanufactured alternatives for some of HP's LaserJet toner and inkjet cartridges compete with HP's supplies
business. In addition, other companies have developed and marketed new compatible cartridges for HP's LaserJet and inkjet products, particularly in jurisdictions outside of the United States where
adequate intellectual property protection may not exist. HP expects competitive refill and remanufacturing and cloned cartridge activity to continue to pressure margins in IPG, which in turn has a
significant impact on HP margins and profitability overall. 

16

If we cannot continue to develop, manufacture and market products and services that meet customer requirements for innovation and quality, our revenue and gross margin may
suffer. 

        The process of developing new high technology products and services and enhancing existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain, and any failure
by us to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately could significantly harm our market share and results of operations. We must make long-term
investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and
services. After we develop a product, we must be able to manufacture appropriate volumes quickly and at low costs. To accomplish this, we must accurately forecast volumes, mixes of products and
configurations that meet customer requirements, and we may not succeed at all or within a given product's life cycle. Any delay in the development, production or marketing of a new product could
result in our not being among the first to market, which could further harm our competitive position. 

        In
the course of conducting our business, we must adequately address quality issues associated with our products and services, including defects in our engineering, design and
manufacturing processes, as well as defects in third-party components included in our products. In order to address quality issues, we work extensively with our customers and suppliers and engage in
product testing to determine the cause of the problem and to determine appropriate solutions. However, we may have limited ability to
control quality issues, particularly with respect to faulty components manufactured by third parties. If we are unable to determine the cause, find an appropriate solution or offer a temporary fix (or
"patch"), we may delay shipment to customers, which would delay revenue recognition and could adversely affect our revenue and reported results. Finding solutions to quality issues can be expensive
and may result in additional warranty, replacement and other costs, adversely affecting our profits. If new or existing customers have difficulty operating our products, our operating margins could be
adversely affected, and we could face possible claims if we fail to meet our customers' expectations. In addition, quality issues can impair our relationships with new or existing customers and
adversely affect our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

If we do not effectively manage our product and services transitions, our revenue may suffer. 

        Many of the industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological advances in hardware performance, software functionality and features,
frequent introduction of new products, short product life cycles, and continual improvement in product price characteristics relative to product performance. Among the risks associated with the
introduction of new products and services are delays in development or manufacturing, variations in costs, delays in customer purchases or reductions in price of existing products in anticipation of
new introductions, difficulty in predicting customer demand for the new offerings and effectively managing inventory levels so that they are in line with anticipated demand, risks associated with
customer qualification and evaluation of new products and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects or may not be supported adequately by application software. The introduction of
new products by our suppliers, such as the release of the Windows Vista™ operating system by Microsoft during HP's first fiscal quarter of 2007, also may result in delays in customer
purchases and difficulty in predicting customer demand. If we do not make an effective transition from existing products and services to future offerings, our revenue may decline. 

        Our
revenue and gross margin also may suffer due to the timing of product or service introductions by our suppliers and competitors. This is especially challenging when a product has a
short life cycle or a competitor introduces a new product just before our own product introduction. Furthermore, sales of our new products and services may replace sales, or result in discounting of
some of our current offerings, offsetting the benefit of even a successful introduction. There also may be overlaps in the current products and services of HP and portfolios acquired through mergers
and acquisitions that we must manage. In addition, it may be difficult to ensure performance of new 

17

customer
contracts in accordance with our revenue, margin and cost estimates and to achieve operational efficiencies embedded in our estimates. Given the competitive nature of our industry, if any of
these risks materializes, future demand for our products and services and our results of operations may suffer. 

Our revenue, cost of sales, and expenses may suffer if we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends or if third
parties assert that we violate their intellectual property rights. 

        We rely upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and similar laws in other countries, and agreements with our employees,
customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in technology and products used in our operations. However, any of our direct or indirect
intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or
otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings or other competitive harm. Further, the laws of certain
countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology
adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position. 

        Because
of the rapid pace of technological change in the information technology industry, much of our business and many of our products rely on key technologies developed or licensed by
third parties. We may not be able to obtain or to continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable terms, or such third parties may demand cross-licenses
to our intellectual property. In addition, it is possible that as a consequence of a merger or acquisition transaction third parties may obtain licenses to some of our intellectual property rights or
our business may be subject to certain restrictions that were not in place prior to the transaction. Consequently, we may lose a competitive advantage with respect to these intellectual property
rights or we may be required to enter into costly arrangements in order to terminate or limit these rights. 

        Third
parties also may claim that we or customers indemnified by us are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. For example, in recent years, individuals and groups have
begun purchasing intellectual property assets for the sole purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract settlements from large companies such as HP. If we cannot or do not
license the infringed technology at all or on reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our operations could suffer. Even if we believe that the claims are without merit,
the claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management's attention and resources away from our business. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might
require us to redesign affected products, enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or
selling certain of our products. Even if we have an agreement to indemnify us against such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable to uphold its contractual agreements to us. 

        Finally,
our costs of operations could be affected on an ongoing basis by the imposition of copyright levies or similar fees. In certain countries (primarily in Europe), proceedings are
ongoing against HP seeking to impose levies upon equipment (such as multifunction devices and printers) and alleging that the copyright owners are entitled to compensation because these devices enable
reproducing copyrighted content. Other countries that do not yet have levies on these types of devices are expected to extend existing levy schemes. The ultimate impact of these potential copyright
levies or similar fees, including the number of units impacted, the amount of levies imposed and the ability of HP to recover such amounts through increased prices, remains uncertain. 

18

Economic uncertainty could affect adversely our revenue, gross margin and expenses. 

        Our revenue and gross margin depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for computing and imaging products and services in the markets in
which we compete. Economic weakness and constrained IT spending has previously resulted, and may result in the future, in decreased revenue, gross margin, earnings or growth rates and problems with
our ability to manage inventory levels and collect customer receivables. We could experience such economic weakness and reduced spending, particularly in our consumer businesses, due to the effects of
high fuel costs. In addition, customer financial difficulties have previously resulted, and could result in the future, in increases in bad debt write-offs and additions to reserves in our
receivables portfolio, inability by our lessees to make required lease payments and reduction in the value of leased equipment upon its return to us compared to the value estimated at lease inception.
We also have experienced, and may experience in the future, gross margin declines in certain businesses, reflecting the effect of items such as competitive pricing pressures, inventory write-downs,
charges associated with the cancellation of planned production line expansion, and increases in pension and post-retirement benefit expenses. Economic downturns also may lead to
restructuring actions and associated expenses. Uncertainty about future economic conditions makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments.
Delays or reductions in information technology spending could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services, and consequently our results of operations, prospects and stock
price. 

Terrorist acts, conflicts and wars may seriously harm our business and revenue, costs and expenses and financial condition and stock price. 

        Terrorist acts, conflicts or wars (wherever located around the world) may cause damage or disruption to HP, our employees, facilities, partners, suppliers,
distributors, resellers or customers. The potential for future attacks, the national and international responses to attacks or perceived threats to national security, and other actual or potential
conflicts or wars, including the ongoing military operations in Iraq, have created many economic and political uncertainties. In addition, as a major multi-national company with headquarters and
significant operations located in the United States, actions against or
by the United States may impact our business or employees. Although it is impossible to predict the occurrences or consequences of any such events, they could result in a decrease in demand for our
products, make it difficult or impossible to deliver products to our customers or to receive components from our suppliers, create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain and result in the need
to impose employee travel restrictions. We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist acts, conflicts and wars. 

Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses and financial condition. 

        Sales outside the United States make up more than 60% of our net revenue. Our future revenue, gross margin, expenses and financial condition also could suffer due
to a variety of international factors, including: 

•

ongoing
instability or changes in a country's or region's economic or political conditions, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations and actual or
anticipated military or political conflicts;

•

longer
accounts receivable cycles and financial instability among customers;

•

trade
regulations and procedures and actions affecting production, pricing and marketing of products;

•

local
labor conditions and regulations; 

19

•

managing
a geographically dispersed workforce;

•

changes
in the regulatory or legal environment;

•

differing
technology standards or customer requirements;

•

import,
export or other business licensing requirements or requirements relating to making foreign direct investments, which could affect our ability to obtain favorable
terms for components or lead to penalties or restrictions;

•

difficulties
associated with repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner and changes in tax laws; and

•

fluctuations
in freight costs and disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure at important geographic points of exit and entry for our products and
shipments. 

        The
factors described above also could disrupt our product and component manufacturing and key suppliers located outside of the United States. For example, we rely on manufacturers in
Taiwan for the production of notebook computers and other suppliers in Asia for product assembly and manufacture. 

        As
more than 60% of our sales are from countries outside of the United States, other currencies, particularly the euro and the Japanese yen, can have an impact on HP's results (expressed
in U.S. dollars). Currency variations also contribute to variations in sales of products and services in impacted jurisdictions. In addition, currency variations can adversely affect margins on sales
of our products in countries outside of the United States and margins on sales of products that include components obtained from suppliers located outside of the United States. We use a combination of
forward contracts and options designated as cash flow hedges to protect against foreign currency exchange rate risks. Such hedging activities may be ineffective or may not offset more than a portion
of the adverse financial impact resulting from currency variations. Gains or losses associated with hedging activities also may impact our revenue and to a lesser extent our cost of sales and
financial condition. 

        In
many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us,
such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those
companies to which we
outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 

        Our worldwide operations could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes, typhoons,
fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or manmade disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of
these business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our corporate headquarters, and a portion of our research and development
activities, are located in California, and other critical business operations and some of our suppliers are located in California and Asia, near major earthquake faults. The ultimate impact on us, our
significant suppliers and our general infrastructure of being located near major earthquake faults is unknown, but our revenue, profitability and financial condition could suffer in the event of a
major earthquake or other natural disaster. In addition, some areas, including California and parts of the East Coast, Southwest and Midwest of the United States, have previously experienced, and may
experience in the future, major power shortages and blackouts. These blackouts could cause disruptions to our operations or the operations of our suppliers, distributors and resellers, or customers.
Moreover, our planned consolidation of all of our worldwide IT data centers into six centers located in the southern U.S. could increase the impact on us of a natural disaster or other business
disruption occurring in that geographic area. 

20

If we fail to manage the distribution of our products and services properly, our revenue, gross margin and profitability could suffer. 

        We use a variety of different distribution methods to sell our products and services, including third-party resellers and distributors and both direct and
indirect sales to both enterprise accounts and consumers. Successfully managing the interaction of our direct and indirect channel efforts to reach various potential customer segments for our products
and services is a complex process. Moreover, since each distribution method has distinct risks and gross margins, our failure to implement the most advantageous balance in the delivery model for our
products and services could adversely affect our revenue and gross margins and therefore our profitability. Other distribution risks are described below. 

•

Our financial results could be materially adversely affected due to channel conflicts or if the financial conditions of our channel partners were to
weaken.

Our
future operating results may be adversely affected by any conflicts that might arise between our various sales channels, the loss or deterioration of any alliance or distribution arrangement or
the loss of retail shelf space. Moreover, some of our wholesale and retail distributors may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes in business conditions,
including economic weakness and industry consolidation. Many of our significant distributors operate on narrow product margins and have been negatively affected by business pressures. Considerable
trade receivables that are not covered by collateral or credit insurance are outstanding with our distribution and retail channel partners. Revenue from indirect sales could suffer, and we could
experience disruptions in distribution if our distributors' financial conditions or operations weaken. 

•

Our inventory management is complex as we continue to sell a significant mix of products through distributors.

We
must manage inventory effectively, particularly with respect to sales to distributors, which involves forecasting demand and pricing issues. Distributors may increase orders during periods of
product shortages, cancel orders if their inventory is too high or delay orders in anticipation of new products. Distributors also may adjust their orders in response to the supply of our products and
the products of
our competitors and seasonal fluctuations in end-user demand. Our reliance upon indirect distribution methods may reduce visibility to demand and pricing issues, and therefore make
forecasting more difficult. If we have excess or obsolete inventory, we may have to reduce our prices and write down inventory. Moreover, our use of indirect distribution channels may limit our
willingness or ability to adjust prices quickly and otherwise to respond to pricing changes by competitors. We also may have limited ability to estimate future product rebate redemptions in order to
price our products effectively. 

We depend on third-party suppliers, and our revenue and gross margin could suffer if we fail to manage supplier issues properly. 

        Our operations depend on our ability to anticipate our needs for components, products and services and our suppliers' ability to deliver sufficient quantities of
quality components, products and services at reasonable prices in time for us to meet critical schedules. Given the wide variety of systems, products and services that we offer, the large number of
our suppliers and contract manufacturers that are dispersed across the globe, and the long lead times that are required to manufacture, assemble and deliver certain components and products, problems
could arise in planning production and managing inventory levels that could seriously harm us. Other supplier problems that we could face include component shortages, excess supply, risks related to
the terms of our contracts with suppliers, risks associated with contingent workers, and risks related to our relationships with single source suppliers, as described below. 

21

•

Shortages.

 Occasionally we may experience a shortage of, or a delay in receiving, certain supplies as a result of strong
demand, capacity constraints, supplier financial weaknesses, disputes with suppliers (some of which are also customers), other problems experienced by suppliers or problems faced during the transition
to new suppliers. If shortages or delays persist, the price of these supplies may increase, we may be exposed to quality issues or the supplies may not be available at all. We may not be able to
secure enough supplies at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build products or provide services in a timely manner in the quantities or according to the specifications needed. Accordingly,
our revenue and gross margin could suffer as we could lose time-sensitive sales, incur additional freight costs or be unable to pass on price increases to our customers. If we cannot
adequately address supply issues, we might have to reengineer some products or service offerings, resulting in further costs and delays.

•

Oversupply.

 In order to secure supplies for the provision of products or services, at times we may make advance payments to
suppliers or enter into non-cancelable commitments with vendors. In addition, we may purchase supplies strategically in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing or to
address concerns about the availability of future supplies. If 
we
fail to anticipate customer demand properly, a temporary oversupply could result in excess or obsolete components, which could adversely affect our gross margin. 

•

Contractual terms.

 As a result of binding price or purchase commitments with vendors, we may be obligated to purchase
supplies or services at prices that are higher than those available in the current market and be limited in our ability to respond to changing market conditions. In the event that we become committed
to purchase supplies or services for prices in excess of the current market price, we may be at a disadvantage to competitors who have access to components or services at lower prices, and our gross
margin could suffer. In addition, many of our competitors obtain products or components from the same CMs, ODMs and suppliers that we utilize. Our competitors may obtain better pricing and
other terms and more favorable allocations of products and components during periods of limited supply, and our ability to engage in relationships with certain CMs, ODMs and suppliers could be
limited. In addition, certain of our CMs, ODMs and suppliers may decide in the future to discontinue conducting business with us. Any of these actions by our competitors, CMs, ODMs or
suppliers could adversely affect our future operating results and financial condition.

•

Contingent workers.

 We also rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure to manage
our use of such workers effectively could adversely affect our results of operations. As described in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we have been exposed to various legal
claims relating to the status of contingent workers and could face similar claims in the future. We may be subject to shortages, oversupply or fixed contractual terms relating to contingent workers,
as described above. Our ability to manage the size of, and costs associated with, the contingent workforce may be subject to additional constraints imposed by local laws.

•

Single source suppliers.

 Our use of single source suppliers for certain components could exacerbate our supplier issues. We
obtain a significant number of components from single sources due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. For example, we rely on Intel to provide us with a sufficient
supply of processors for many of our PCs, workstations, handheld computing devices and servers, and some of those processors are customized for our products. New products that we introduce may utilize
custom components obtained from only one source initially until we have evaluated whether there is a need for additional suppliers. Replacing a single source supplier could delay production of some
products as replacement suppliers initially may be subject to capacity constraints or other output limitations. For some components, such as customized components and some of the processors that we
obtain from Intel, alternative sources may not exist or those alternative sources may be 

22

unable
to produce the quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. In addition, we sometimes purchase components from single source suppliers under
short-term agreements that contain favorable pricing and other terms but that may be unilaterally modified or terminated by the supplier with limited notice and with little or no penalty.
The performance of such single source suppliers under those agreements (and the renewal or extension of those agreements upon similar terms) may affect the quality, quantity and price of supplies to
HP. The loss of a single source supplier, the deterioration of our relationship with a single source supplier, or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which we are supplied
components by a single source supplier could adversely effect our revenue and gross margins. 

The revenue and profitability of our operations have historically varied, which makes our future financial results less predictable. 

        Our revenue, gross margin and profit vary among our products and services, customer groups and geographic markets and therefore will likely be different in future
periods than our current results. Overall gross margins and profitability in any given period are dependent partially on the product, customer and geographic mix reflected in that period's net
revenue. In particular, IPG and certain of its business units such as printer supplies contribute significantly to our gross margin and profitability. Competition, lawsuits, investigations and other
risks affecting IPG therefore may have a significant impact on our overall gross margin and profitability. Certain segments, and ESS in particular, have a higher fixed cost structure than others and
may experience significant operating profit volatility on a quarterly basis. In addition, newer geographic markets may be relatively less profitable due to investments associated with entering those
markets and local pricing pressures. Market trends, competitive pressures, commoditization of products, seasonal rebates, increased component or shipping costs, regulatory impacts and other factors
may result in reductions in revenue or pressure on gross margins of certain segments in a given period, which may necessitate adjustments to our operations. 

Unanticipated changes in HP's tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability. 

        We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our tax liabilities are affected by the amounts we charge for inventory,
services, licenses, funding and other items in intercompany transactions. We are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges or
other matters and assess additional taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. However, there can be no assurance
that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our net income or financial condition. In addition, our effective
tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities,
changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the
United States, is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the United States. Any of these changes could affect our profitability. Furthermore, our tax provisions could be
adversely affected as a result of any new interpretative accounting guidance related to accounting for uncertain tax positions. 

Our sales cycle makes planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. 

        Our quarterly sales have reflected a pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter's total sales occur towards the end of such quarter. This
uneven sales pattern makes prediction 

23

of
revenue, earnings and working capital for each financial period difficult, increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition and places pressure on our
inventory management and logistics systems. If predicted demand is substantially greater than orders, there will be excess inventory. Alternatively, if orders substantially exceed predicted demand, we
may not be able to fulfill all of the orders received in the last few weeks of each quarter. Other developments late in a quarter, such as a systems failure, component pricing movements or global
logistics disruptions, could adversely impact inventory levels and results of operations in a manner that is disproportionate to the number of days in the quarter affected. 

        We
experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our products that also may produce variations in quarterly results and financial condition. For example, sales to governments
(particularly sales to the United States government) are often stronger in the third calendar quarter, consumer sales are often stronger in the fourth calendar quarter, and many customers whose fiscal
and calendar years are the same spend their remaining capital budget authorizations in the fourth calendar quarter prior to new budget constraints in the first calendar quarter of the following year.
European sales are often weaker
during the summer months. Demand during the spring and early summer also may be adversely impacted by market anticipation of seasonal trends. Moreover, to the extent that we introduce new products in
anticipation of seasonal demand trends, our discounting of existing products may adversely affect our gross margin prior to or shortly after such product launches. Typically, our third fiscal quarter
is our weakest and our fourth fiscal quarter is our strongest. Many of the factors that create and affect seasonal trends are beyond our control. 

Any failure by us to execute planned cost reductions successfully could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than expected. 

        Historically, we have undertaken restructuring and other cost reduction plans to bring operational expenses to appropriate levels for each of our businesses,
while simultaneously implementing extensive new company-wide expense control programs. In July 2005, we announced workforce restructurings as well as reductions through a U.S. early
retirement program. We now expect these programs to involve the elimination or early retirement of approximately 15,200 positions worldwide through the first quarter of fiscal 2007. We expect to
reinvest a significant portion of the cost savings from these actions to offset market forces or to be reinvested in our businesses to strengthen HP's competitiveness, particularly through hiring in
key areas. We may have further workforce reductions or rebalancing actions in the future. Significant risks associated with these actions and other workforce management issues that may impair our
ability to achieve anticipated cost reductions or may otherwise harm our business include delays in implementation of anticipated workforce reductions in highly regulated locations outside of the
United States, particularly in Europe and Asia, and increased costs associated with workforce reductions in those locations, redundancies among restructuring programs, decreases in employee morale and
the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees, particularly sales employees. 

        During
HP's third fiscal quarter of 2006, we announced a multi-year plan to reduce IT spending by consolidating HP's 85 data centers worldwide into six larger centers located
in three U.S. cities, a four-year program to reduce real estate costs by consolidating several hundred HP real estate locations worldwide to fewer core sites, and a plan to integrate the
activities carried out by our Global Operations organization directly into our business segments. Such actions are expected to result in instances of accelerated depreciation or asset impairment when
we vacate facilities or cease using equipment before the end of their respective lease term or asset life. Our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from these initiatives
within the expected time frame is subject to many estimates and assumptions, including assumptions regarding the costs and timing of activities in connection with these initiatives. These estimates
and assumptions are subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties some of which are beyond our control. If these 

24

assumptions
are not realized and we experience delays, or if other unforeseen events occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In order to be successful, we must attract, retain and motivate key employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm us. 

        In order to be successful, we must attract, retain and motivate executives and other key employees, including those in managerial, technical, sales, marketing and
IT support positions. We also must keep employees focused on HP's strategies and goals, which may be more difficult due to uncertainty surrounding the workforce reduction efforts and the pension and
retiree medical benefit plan changes announced in July 2005. Hiring and retaining qualified executives, engineers, skilled solutions providers in the IT support business and qualified sales
representatives are critical to our future, and competition for experienced employees in the IT industry can be intense. The failure to hire or loss of key employees could have a significant impact on
our operations. 

Cost reduction efforts associated with our share-based payment awards and other compensation and benefit programs could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain
employees. 

        We have historically used stock options and other forms of share-based payment awards as key components of our total rewards employee compensation program in
order to align employees' interests with the interests of our stockholders, encourage employee retention and provide competitive compensation and benefit packages. HP began recording charges to
earnings for stock-based compensation expense in the first quarter of fiscal 2006 in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), "Share-Based Payment".
As a result, we will incur increased compensation costs associated with our stock-based compensation programs. Moreover, difficulties relating to obtaining stockholder approval of equity compensation
plans could make it harder or more expensive for us to grant share-based payment awards to employees in the future. Like other companies, HP has reviewed its equity compensation strategy in light of
the current regulatory and competitive environment and has decided to reduce the total number of options granted to employees and the number of employees who receive share-based payment awards. Due to
this change in our stock-based compensation strategy, combined with the pension and other benefit plan changes undertaken to reduce costs and our increasing reliance on variable pay, we may find it
difficult to attract, retain and motivate employees, and any such difficulty could materially adversely affect our business. 

HP's stock price has historically fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate, which may make future prices of HP's stock difficult to predict. 

        HP's stock price, like that of other technology companies, can be volatile. Some of the factors that can affect our stock price are: 

•

speculation
in the press or investment community about, or actual changes in, our executive team, strategic position, business, organizational structure, operations,
financial condition, financial reporting and results, effectiveness of cost cutting efforts, prospects or extraordinary transactions;

•

the
announcement of new products, services, technological innovations or acquisitions by HP or competitors; and

•

quarterly
increases or decreases in revenue, gross margin or earnings, changes in estimates by the investment community or guidance provided by HP, and variations between
actual and estimated financial results. 

25

        General
or industry-specific market conditions or stock market performance or domestic or international macroeconomic and geopolitical factors unrelated to HP's performance also may
affect the price of HP common stock. For these reasons, investors should not rely on recent trends to predict future stock prices, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In
addition, following periods of volatility in a company's securities, securities class action litigation against a company is sometimes instituted. If instituted against HP, this type of litigation
could result in substantial costs and the diversion of management time and resources. 

System security risks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or information technology services provided to customers, and any such disruption
could harm our revenue, increase our expenses and harm our reputation and stock price. 

        Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate our confidential information or that of third
parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. In addition, computer programmers and hackers may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack
our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. As a result, we could incur significant expenses in addressing problems created by security breaches of our network and
any security vulnerabilities of our products. Moreover, we could lose existing or potential customers for information technology outsourcing services or other information technology solutions or incur
significant expenses in connection with our customers' system failures or any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system
software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other
problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security
vulnerabilities could be significant, and the efforts to address these problems could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede
our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. 

        Portions
of our IT infrastructure also may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes
place from time to time. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, including our planned consolidation of all of our worldwide IT data centers into six centers,
which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive. Such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt
other processes. Delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers resulting from these disruptions have adversely affected in the past, and in the future could adversely affect, our financial results,
stock price and reputation. 

Any failure by us to manage, complete and integrate acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business and
prospects and may result in financial results that are different than expected. 

        As part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint
ventures, divestitures and outsourcing transactions ("extraordinary transactions") and enter into agreements relating to such extraordinary transactions in order to further our business objectives. In
order to pursue this strategy successfully, we must identify suitable candidates for and successfully complete extraordinary transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage
post-closing issues such as the integration of acquired companies or employees. Integration and other risks of extraordinary transactions can be more pronounced for larger and more
complicated transactions, or if multiple transactions are pursued simultaneously. If we fail to identify and complete successfully extraordinary transactions that further our strategic objectives, we
may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology 

26

internally,
we may be at a competitive disadvantage or we may be adversely affected by negative market perceptions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our revenue, gross margin and
profitability. 

        Integration
issues are complex, time-consuming and expensive and, without proper planning and implementation, could significantly disrupt our business. The challenges
involved in integration include: 

•

combining
product offerings and entering into new markets in which we are not experienced;

•

convincing
customers and distributors that the transaction will not diminish client service standards or business focus, preventing customers and distributors from deferring
purchasing decisions or switching to other suppliers (which could result in our incurring additional obligations in order to address customer uncertainty), and coordinating sales, marketing and
distribution efforts;

•

consolidating
and rationalizing corporate IT infrastructure, which may include multiple legacy systems from various acquisitions and integrating software code;

•

minimizing
the diversion of management attention from ongoing business concerns;

•

persuading
employees that business cultures are compatible, maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees, engaging with employee works councils representing an
acquired company's non-U.S. employees, integrating employees into HP, correctly estimating employee benefit costs and implementing restructuring programs;

•

coordinating
and combining administrative, manufacturing, research and development and other operations, subsidiaries, facilities and relationships with third parties in
accordance with local laws and other obligations while maintaining adequate standards, controls and procedures;

•

achieving
savings from supply chain integration; and

•

managing
integration issues shortly after or pending the completion of other independent transactions. 

        We
evaluate and enter into significant extraordinary transactions on an ongoing basis. We may not fully realize all of the anticipated benefits of any extraordinary transaction, and the
timeframe for achieving benefits of an extraordinary transaction may depend partially upon the actions of employees, suppliers
or other third parties. In addition, the pricing and other terms of our contracts for extraordinary transactions require us to make estimates and assumptions at the time we enter into these contracts,
and, during the course of our due diligence, we may not identify all of the factors necessary to estimate our costs accurately. Any increased or unexpected costs, unanticipated delays or failure to
achieve contractual obligations could make these agreements less profitable or unprofitable. 

        Managing
extraordinary transactions requires varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations. These extraordinary transactions also
have resulted and in the future may result in significant costs and expenses and charges to earnings, including those related to severance pay, early retirement costs, employee benefit costs, asset
impairment charges, charges from the elimination of duplicative facilities and contracts, in-process research and development charges, inventory adjustments, assumed litigation and other
liabilities, legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, and required payments to executive officers and key employees under retention plans. Moreover, HP has incurred and will incur additional
depreciation and amortization expense over the useful lives of certain assets acquired in connection with extraordinary transactions, and, to the extent that the value of goodwill or intangible assets
with indefinite lives acquired in connection with an extraordinary transaction becomes impaired, we may be required to incur additional material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. In
order to complete an acquisition, we may issue common stock, potentially creating dilution for existing stockholders, or borrow, affecting our 

27

financial
condition and potentially our credit ratings. Any prior or future downgrades in our credit rating associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our ability to borrow and result in
more restrictive borrowing terms. In addition, HP's effective tax rate on an ongoing basis is uncertain, and extraordinary transactions could impact our effective tax rate. We also may experience
risks relating to the challenges and costs of closing an extraordinary transaction and the risk that an announced extraordinary transaction may not close. As a result, any completed, pending or future
transactions may contribute to financial results that differ from the investment community's expectations in a given quarter. 

We cannot predict the outcome of various regulatory inquiries and stockholder derivative action lawsuits arising out of the processes employed in the investigation into leaks
of HP confidential information to members of the media, and we may be named in additional regulatory inquiries and stockholder litigation, all of which could result in significant legal and other
expenses. 

        The Attorney General of the State of California, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the U.S. House of Representatives, the United States Attorney's Office
for the Northern District of California, the Division of Enforcement of the SEC and the Federal Communications Commission are all conducting or have conducted inquiries or investigations relating to
the processes employed in the investigation into leaks of HP confidential information to members of the media. Four stockholder derivative lawsuits also have been filed in California (all of which
have been consolidated into a single lawsuit) and two in Delaware purportedly on behalf of HP stockholders seeking to recover damages and to obtain specified injunctive relief stemming from the
activities of the leak investigations. Other
regulatory inquiries or investigations may be commenced by other U.S. federal, state or foreign regulatory agencies, and we may in the future be subject to additional litigation or other proceedings
arising in relation to these matters. The period of time necessary to resolve these regulatory inquiries and investigations and stockholder lawsuits is uncertain, and the expense of responding to
these inquiries and defending such litigation may be significant. In addition, we may be obligated to indemnify (and advance legal expenses to) former or current directors, officers or employees in
accordance with the terms of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, other applicable agreements, and Delaware law. Further, if we enter into settlement agreements or are subject to an adverse
finding resulting from any of these inquiries, we could be required to pay fines or penalties or have other remedies imposed upon us. 

        We
have entered into an agreement with the California Attorney General to resolve civil claims relating to the leak investigation. Under the terms of the agreement, which includes an
injunction, we have agreed to pay a total of $14.5 million and to implement and maintain for five years a series of measures designed to ensure that HP's corporate investigations are conducted
in accordance with California law and the company's high ethical standards. If we fail to implement and maintain these measures as required under the agreement, we could be subject to civil or
criminal penalties. 

Unforeseen environmental costs could impact our future net earnings. 

        Some of our operations use substances regulated under various federal, state and international laws governing the environment, including laws governing the
discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Many of our products are subject to various
federal, state and international laws governing chemical substances in products, including laws regulating the manufacture and distribution of chemical substances and laws restricting the presence of
certain substances in electronics products. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims, or
our products could be enjoined from entering certain jurisdictions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become non-compliant with
environmental laws. We also face increasing complexity in our product 

28

design
and procurement operations as we adjust to new and future requirements relating to the materials composition of our products, including the restrictions on lead, cadmium and certain other
substances that apply to specified electronics products put on the market in the European Union as of July 1, 2006 (Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive) and similar legislation in
China, the labeling provisions of which go into effect on March 1, 2007 in China. The ultimate costs under environmental laws and the timing of these costs are difficult to predict, and
liability under some environmental laws relating to contaminated sites can be imposed retroactively and on a joint and several basis. It is our policy to apply strict standards for environmental
protection to sites inside and outside the United States, even when we are not subject to local government regulations. We also could face significant costs and liabilities in connection with product
take-back legislation. We record a liability for environmental remediation and other environmental costs when we consider the costs to be probable and the amount of the costs can be
reasonably estimated. The EU has enacted the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, which makes producers of electrical goods, including computers and printers, financially responsible
for specified collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and future covered products. The deadline for the individual member states of the EU to enact the directive in their respective
countries was August 13, 2004 (such legislation, together with the directive, the "WEEE Legislation"). Producers participating in the market became financially responsible for implementing
these responsibilities beginning in August 2005. Implementation in certain EU member states has been delayed into 2006 and 2007. HP's potential liability resulting from the WEEE Legislation may
be substantial. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United States, Canada, Mexico, China and Japan, the cumulative impact of which could be
significant. 

Some anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

        We have provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, each of which could have the effect of rendering more difficult or discouraging an acquisition
of HP deemed undesirable by our Board of Directors. These include provisions: 

•

authorizing
blank check preferred stock, which HP could issue with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock;

•

limiting
the liability of, and providing indemnification to, HP's directors and officers;

•

specifying
that HP stockholders may take action only at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and otherwise in accordance with our bylaws and limiting the
ability of our stockholders to call special meetings;

•

requiring
advance notice of proposals by HP stockholders for business to be conducted at stockholder meetings and for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of
Directors;

•

requiring
a vote by the holders of two-thirds of HP's outstanding shares to amend certain bylaws relating to HP stockholder meetings, the Board of Directors and
indemnification; and

•

controlling
the procedures for conduct of HP Board and stockholder meetings and election, appointment and removal of HP directors. 

        These
provisions, alone or together, could deter or delay hostile takeovers, proxy contests and changes in control or management of HP. As a Delaware corporation, HP also is subject to
provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prevents some stockholders from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of
the holders of substantially all of HP's outstanding common stock. 

29

        Any
provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control of HP could limit the opportunity for our
stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of HP common stock and also could affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for HP common stock.