The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks of the food industry. 

The food products manufacturing industry is subject to the risks posed by:

·

food spoilage;

·

food contamination caused by disease-producing organisms or pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes, Salmonella, and pathogenic 
E coli.;

·

food allergens;

·

nutritional and health-related concerns;

·

federal, state, and local food processing controls;

·

consumer product liability claims;

·

product tampering; and

·

the possible unavailability and/or expense of liability insurance.

The pathogens which may cause food contamination are found generally in livestock and in the environment and thus may be present in our products as a result of food processing. These pathogens can be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling by customers or consumers. We do not have control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. If one or more of these risks were to materialize, the Company’s brand and business reputation could be negatively impacted. In addition, revenues could decrease, costs of doing business could increase, and the Company’s operating results could be adversely affected.

Deterioration of economic conditions could harm the Company’s business. 

The Company’s business may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges), and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Decreases in consumer spending rates and shifts in consumer product preferences could also negatively impact the Company.

Volatility in financial markets and the deterioration of national and global economic conditions could impact the Company’s operations as follows:

·

The financial stability of our customers and suppliers may be compromised, which could result in additional bad debts for the Company or non-performance by suppliers; and

·

The value of our investments in debt and equity securities may decline, including most significantly the Company’s trading securities held as part of a rabbi trust to fund supplemental executive retirement plans and deferred income plans, and the Company’s assets held in pension plans.

The Company utilizes hedging programs to manage its exposure to various commodity market risks, which qualify for hedge accounting for financial reporting purposes. Volatile fluctuations in market conditions could cause these instruments to become ineffective, which could require any gains or losses associated with these instruments to be reported in the Company’s earnings each period. These instruments may limit the Company’s ability to benefit from market gains if commodity prices become more favorable than those secured under the Company’s hedging programs. Most recently, due to market volatility the Company temporarily suspended the use of the special hedge accounting exemption for its JOTS corn futures contracts in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 due to ineffectiveness. During the time of suspension, all gains or losses related to these contracts were recorded in earnings as incurred.

Additionally, if a highly pathogenic disease outbreak developed in the United States, it may negatively impact the national economy, demand for Company products, and/or the Company’s workforce availability, and the Company’s financial results could suffer. The Company has developed contingency plans to address infectious disease scenarios and the potential impact on its operations, and will continue to update these plans as

32

necessary. There can be no assurance given, however, these plans will be effective in eliminating the negative effects of any such diseases on the Company’s operating results.

Fluctuations in commodity prices and availability of pork, poultry, beef, feed grains, avocados, peanuts, energy, and whey could harm the Company’s earnings. 

The Company’s results of operations and financial condition are largely dependent upon the cost and supply of pork, poultry, beef, feed grains, avocados, peanuts, and whey as well as energy costs and the selling prices for many of our products, which are determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand.

The live hog industry has evolved to large, vertically-integrated operations using long-term supply agreements. This has resulted in fewer hogs being available on the cash spot market. Consequently, the Company uses long-term supply contracts based on market-based formulas or the cost of production to ensure a stable supply of raw materials while minimizing extreme fluctuations in costs over the long-term. This may result, in the short-term, in costs for live hogs that are higher than the cash spot market depending on the relationship of the cash spot market to contract prices. Market-based pricing on certain product lines, and lead time required to implement pricing adjustments, may prevent all or part of these cost increases from being recovered, and these higher costs could adversely affect our short-term financial results.

JOTS raises turkeys and contracts with turkey growers to meet its raw material requirements for whole birds and processed turkey products. Results in these operations are affected by the cost and supply of feed grains, which fluctuate due to climate conditions, production forecasts, and supply and demand conditions at local, regional, national, and worldwide levels. The Company attempts to manage some of its short-term exposure to fluctuations in feed prices by forward buying, using futures contracts, and pursuing pricing advances. However, these strategies may not be adequate to overcome sustained increases in market prices due to alternate uses for feed grains or other changes in these market conditions.

The supply of natural and organic proteins may impact the Company’s ability to ensure a continuing supply of these products. To mitigate this risk, the Company partners with multiple long-term suppliers.

International trade barriers and other restrictions could result in less foreign demand and increased domestic supply of proteins which could lower prices. The Company occasionally utilizes in-country production to limit this exposure.

Outbreaks of disease among livestock and poultry flocks could harm the Company’s revenues and operating margins. 

The Company is subject to risks associated with the outbreak of disease in pork and beef livestock, and poultry flocks, including Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE), pneu-mo-virus, Porcine Circovirus 2 (PCV2), Porcine Reproduction & Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS), Foot-and-Mouth Disease (FMD), Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus (PEDv), and Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza (HPAI). The outbreak of disease could adversely affect the Company’s supply of raw materials,

increase the cost of production, reduce utilization of the Company’s harvest facilities, and reduce operating margins. Additionally, the outbreak of disease may hinder the Company’s ability to market and sell products both domestically and internationally. Most recently, HPAI impacted the Company’s operations and several of the Company’s independent turkey suppliers. The impact of HPAI in the industry reduced volume through the Company’s turkey facilities through the first part of fiscal 2016. The Company has developed business continuity plans for various disease scenarios and will continue to update these plans as necessary. There can be no assurance given, however, these plans will be effective in eliminating the negative effects of any such diseases on the Company’s operating results.

Market demand for the Company’s products may fluctuate. 

The Company faces competition from producers of alternative meats and protein sources, including pork, beef, turkey, chicken, fish, peanut butter, and whey. The bases on which the Company competes include:

·
  price;

·
  product quality and attributes;

·
  brand identification;

·
  breadth of product line; and

·
  customer service.

Demand for the Company’s products is also affected by competitors’ promotional spending and the effectiveness of the Company’s advertising and marketing programs, and consumer perceptions. Failure to identify and react to changes in food trends such as sustainability of product sources and animal welfare could lead to, among other things, reduced demand for the Company’s brands and products. The Company may be unable to compete successfully on any or all of these bases in the future.

The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks associated with acquisitions. 

The Company has made several acquisitions in recent years, most recently the acquisitions of Columbus, Fontanini, and Ceratti, and regularly reviews opportunities for strategic growth through acquisitions. Potential risks associated with acquisitions include the inability to integrate new operations successfully, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired companies, the possible assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes with the sellers, potential impairment charges if purchase assumptions are not achieved or market conditions decline, and the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which the Company has limited or no prior experience. Any or all of these risks could impact the Company’s financial results and business reputation. In addition, acquisitions outside the United States may present unique challenges and increase the Company’s exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations.

The Company is subject to disruption of operations at co-packers or other suppliers. 

Disruption of operations at co packers or other suppliers may impact the Company’s product or raw material supply, which could have an adverse effect on

33

the Company’s financial results. Additionally, actions taken to mitigate the impact of any potential disruption, including increasing inventory in anticipation of a potential production or supply interruption, may adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks of litigation. 

The Company is involved on an ongoing basis in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Trends in litigation may include class actions involving employees, consumers, competitors, suppliers, shareholders, or injured persons, and claims relating to product liability, contract disputes, intellectual property, advertising, labeling, wage and hour laws, employment practices, or environmental matters. Litigation trends and the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and adverse litigation trends and outcomes could adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

The Company is subject to the loss of a material contract. 

The Company is a party to several supply, distribution, contract packaging, and other material contracts. The loss of a material contract could adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

Government regulation, present and future, exposes the Company to potential sanctions and compliance costs that could adversely affect the Company’s business. 

The Company’s operations are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, federal and state taxing authorities, and other federal, state, and local authorities who oversee workforce immigration laws, tax regulations, animal welfare, food safety standards, and the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, and labeling of the Company’s products. The Company’s manufacturing facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by federal, state, and local authorities. Claims or enforcement proceedings could be brought against the Company in the future. The availability of government inspectors due to a government furlough could also cause disruption to the Company’s manufacturing facilities. Additionally, the Company is subject to new or modified laws, regulations, and accounting standards. The Company’s failure or inability to comply with such requirements could subject the Company to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls, or seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions.

The Company is subject to stringent environmental regulation and potentially subject to environmental litigation, proceedings, and investigations. 

The Company’s past and present business operations and ownership and operation of real property are subject to stringent federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to protection of the environment. Compliance with these laws and regulations, and the ability to comply with any modifications to these laws and regulations, is material to the Company’s business. New matters or sites may be identified in the future requiring additional investigation, assessment, or

expenditures. In addition, some of the Company’s facilities have been in operation for many years and, over time, the Company and other prior operators of these facilities may have generated and disposed of wastes that now may be considered hazardous. Future discovery of contamination of property underlying or in the vicinity of the Company’s present or former properties or manufacturing facilities and/or waste disposal sites could require the Company to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any of these events, the implementation of new laws and regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws or regulations could adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

The Company’s foreign operations pose additional risks to the Company’s business. 

The Company operates its business and markets its products internationally. The Company’s foreign operations are subject to the risks described above, as well as risks related to fluctuations in currency values, foreign currency exchange controls, compliance with foreign laws, compliance with applicable U.S. laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other economic or political uncertainties. International sales are subject to risks related to general economic conditions, imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other restrictions, enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions and compliance with applicable foreign laws, and other economic and political uncertainties. All of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, which could adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

The Company may be adversely impacted if the Company is unable to protect information technology systems against, or effectively respond to, cyber-attacks or security breaches. 

Information technology systems are an important part of the Company’s business operations. Attempted cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. In an attempt to mitigate this risk, the Company has implemented and continues to evaluate security initiatives and business continuity plans.

Deterioration of labor relations or increases in labor costs could harm the Company’s business. 

As of October 29, 2017, the Company had approximately 20,200 employees worldwide, of which approximately 4,500 were represented by labor unions, principally the United Food and Commercial Workers Union. A significant increase in labor costs or a deterioration of labor relations at any of the Company’s facilities or contracted hog processing facilities resulting in work slowdowns or stoppages could harm the Company’s financial results. A union contract at the Company’s facility in Rochelle, Illinois will expire during fiscal 2018, covering approximately 626 employees. Negotiations have not yet been initiated.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risks

Hog Markets: 

The Company’s earnings are affected by fluctuations in the live hog market. To minimize the impact on earnings, and to ensure a steady supply of quality hogs, the Company has entered into contracts with producers for

34

the purchase of hogs at formula-based prices over periods of up to 10 years. Purchased hogs under contract accounted for 96 percent and 94 percent of the total hogs purchased by the Company during fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. The majority of these contracts use market-based formulas based on hog futures, hog primal values, or industry reported hog markets. Other contracts use a formula based on the cost of production, which can fluctuate independently from hog markets. The Company’s value-added branded portfolio helps mitigate changes in hog and pork market prices. Therefore, a hypothetical 10 percent change in the cash hog market would have had an immaterial effect on the Company’s results of operations.

In the second quarter of 2017, the Company initiated a hedge program to offset the fluctuation in the Company’s future direct hog purchases. This program currently utilizes lean hog futures, and these contracts are accounted for under cash flow hedge accounting. The fair value of the Company’s open futures contracts in this hedging program as of October 29, 2017, was $1.7 million, before tax. The Company measures its market risk exposure on its lean hog futures contracts using a sensitivity analysis, which considers a hypothetical 10 percent change in the market prices for lean hogs. A 10 percent decrease in the market price for lean hogs would have negatively impacted the fair value of the Company’s October 29, 2017, open lean hog contracts by $2.0 million, which in turn would lower the Company’s future cost on purchased hogs by a similar amount.

Certain procurement contracts allow for future hog deliveries (firm commitments) to be forward priced. The Company generally hedges these firm commitments by using hog futures contracts. These futures contracts are designated and accounted for as fair value hedges. The change in the market value of such futures contracts is highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item, and the Company evaluates the effectiveness of the contracts at least quarterly. Changes in the fair value of the futures contracts, along with the gain or loss on the firm commitment, are marked-to-market through earnings and are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as a current asset and liability, respectively. The fair value of the Company’s open futures contracts as of October 29, 2017, was $(0.9) million compared to $1.4 million as of October 30, 2016. The Company measures its market risk exposure on its hog futures contracts using a sensitivity analysis, which considers a hypothetical 10 percent change in market prices. A 10 percent increase in market prices would have negatively impacted the fair value of the Company’s October 29, 2017, open contracts by $2.8 million, which in turn would lower the Company’s future cost of purchased hogs by a similar amount.

Turkey Production Costs: 

The Company raises or contracts for live turkeys to meet some of its raw material supply requirements. Production costs in raising turkeys are subject primarily to fluctuations in feed prices and, to a lesser extent, fuel costs. Under normal, long-term market conditions, changes in the cost to produce turkeys are offset by proportional changes in their respective markets.

To reduce the Company’s exposure to changes in grain prices, the Company utilizes a hedge program to offset the fluctuation in the Company’s future direct grain purchases. This program currently utilizes corn futures for JOTS, and these contracts 
are accounted for under cash flow hedge accounting. The fair value of the Company’s open futures contracts as of October 
29, 2017, was $(2.2) million compared to $(3.2) million, before tax, as of October 30, 2016. The Company measures its market risk exposure on its grain futures contracts using a sensitivity analysis, which considers a hypothetical 10 percent change in the market prices for grain. A 10 percent decrease in the market price for grain would have negatively impacted the fair value of the Company’s October 29, 2017, open grain contracts by $4.4 million, which in turn would lower the Company’s future cost on purchased grain by a similar amount.

Long-Term Debt: 

A principal market risk affecting the Company is the exposure to changes in interest rates on the Company’s fixed-rate, long-term debt. Market risk for fixed-rate, long-term debt is estimated as the potential increase in fair value, resulting from a hypothetical 10 percent decrease in interest rates, and amounts to approximately $1.9 million. The fair value of the Company’s long-term debt was estimated using discounted future cash flows based on the Company’s incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.

Investments: 

The Company holds trading securities as part of a rabbi trust to fund certain supplemental executive retirement plans and deferred income plans. As of October 29, 2017, the balance of these securities totaled $128.5 million compared to $122.3 million as of October 30, 2016. A majority of these securities represent fixed income funds. The Company is subject to market risk due to fluctuations in the value of the remaining investments, as unrealized gains and losses associated with these securities are included in the Company’s net earnings on a mark-to-market basis. A 10 percent decline in the value of the investments not held in fixed income funds would have a direct negative impact to the Company’s pre-tax earnings of approximately $4.4 million, while a 10 percent increase in value would have a positive impact of the same amount.

International Assets 

The fair values of certain Company assets are subject to fluctuations in foreign currencies. The Company’s net asset position in foreign currencies as of October 29, 2017, was $781.3 million, compared to $443.1 million as of October 
30, 2016, with most of the exposure existing in Chinese yuan and Brazilian real. Changes in currency exchange rates impact the fair values of Company assets either currently through the Consolidated Statements of Operations as currency gains/ losses, or by affecting other comprehensive loss.

The Company measures its foreign currency exchange risk by using a 10 percent sensitivity analysis on the Company’s primary foreign net asset position, the Chinese yuan, as of October 29, 2017. A 10 percent strengthening in the value of the yuan relative to the U.S. dollar would result in other comprehensive income of approximately $46.6 million pre-tax. A 10 percent weakening in the value of the yuan relative to the U.S. dollar would result in other comprehensive loss of approximately $38.1 million pre-tax.