The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks of the food industry. 

The food products manufacturing industry is subject to the risks posed by:

·
    food spoilage;

·

food contamination caused by disease-producing organisms or pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes, Salmonella, and pathogenic 
E coli.;

·

food allergens;

·

nutritional and health-related concerns;

·

federal, state, and local food processing controls;

·

disruption to operations if government inspectors are unavailable due to furloughs;

·

consumer product liability claims;

·

product tampering; and

·

the possible unavailability and/or expense of liability insurance.

The pathogens which may cause food contamination are found generally in livestock and in the environment and thus may be present in our products as a result of food processing. These pathogens also can be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling by customers or consumers. We do not have control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. If one or more of these risks were to materialize, the Company’s brand and business reputation could be negatively impacted. In addition, revenues could decrease, costs of doing business could increase, and the Company’s operating results could be adversely affected.

Deterioration of economic conditions could harm the Company’s business. 

The Company’s business may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges), and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Decreases in consumer spending rates and shifts in consumer product preferences could also negatively impact the Company.

volatility in financial markets and the deterioration of national and global economic conditions could impact the Company’s operations as follows:

·

The financial stability of our customers and suppliers may be compromised, which could result in additional bad debts for the Company or non-performance by suppliers; and

·

The value of our investments in debt and equity securities may decline, including most significantly the Company’s trading securities held as part of a rabbi trust to fund supplemental executive retirement plans and deferred income plans, and the Company’s assets held in pension plans.

The Company also utilizes hedging programs to manage its exposure to various commodity market risks, which qualify for hedge accounting for financial reporting purposes. volatile fluctuations in market conditions could cause these

27

instruments to become ineffective, which could require any gains or losses associated with these instruments to be reported in the Company’s earnings each period. These instruments may also limit the Company’s ability to benefit from market gains if commodity prices become more favorable than those that have been secured under the Company’s hedging programs.

Additionally, if a high pathogenic disease outbreak developed in the United States, it may negatively impact the national economy, demand for Company products, and/or the Company’s workforce availability, and the Company’s financial results could suffer. The Company has developed contingency plans to address infectious disease scenarios and the potential impact on its operations, and will continue to update these plans as necessary. There can be no assurance given, however, that these plans will be effective in eliminating the negative effects of any such diseases on the Company’s operating results.

Fluctuations in commodity prices of pork, poultry, feed ingredients, avocados, and peanuts could harm the Company’s earnings. 

The Company’s results of operations and financial condition are largely dependent upon the cost and supply of pork, poultry, feed grains, avocados, and peanuts as well as the selling prices for many of our products, which are determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand.

The live hog industry has evolved to very large, vertically integrated operations operating under long-term supply agreements. This has resulted in fewer hogs being available on the cash spot market. Additionally, overall hog production in the U.S. has declined. The decrease in the supply of hogs could diminish the utilization of harvest and production facilities and increase the cost of the raw materials they produce. Consequently, the Company uses long-term supply contracts based on market-based formulas or the cost of production to ensure a stable supply of raw materials while minimizing extreme fluctuations in costs over the long term. This may result, in the short term, in costs for live hogs that are higher than the cash spot market depending on the relationship of the cash spot market to contract prices. Market-based pricing on certain product lines, and lead time required to implement pricing adjustments, may prevent all or part of these cost increases from being recovered, and these higher costs could adversely affect our short-term financial results.

Jennie-O Turkey Store raises turkeys and also contracts with turkey growers to meet its raw material requirements for whole birds and processed turkey products. Additionally, the Company owns various hog raising facilities that supplement its supply of raw materials. Results in these operations are affected by the cost and supply of feed grains, which fluctuate due to climate conditions, production forecasts, and supply and demand conditions at local, regional, national, and worldwide levels. The Company attempts to manage some of its short-term exposure to fluctuations in feed prices by

forward buying, using futures contracts, and pursuing pricing advances. However, these strategies may not be adequate to overcome sustained increases in market prices due to alternate uses for feed grains or other changes in these market conditions.

International trade barriers and other restrictions could result in less foreign demand and increased domestic supply of proteins which could lower prices.

Outbreaks of disease among livestock and poultry flocks could harm the Company’s revenues and operating margins. 

The Company is subject to risks associated with the outbreak of disease in pork and beef livestock, and poultry flocks, including Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE), pneumo-virus, Porcine Circovirus 2 (PCV2), Porcine Reproduction & Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS), Foot-and-Mouth Disease (FMD), Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea virus (PEDV), and Avian Influenza. The outbreak of disease could adversely affect the Company’s supply of raw materials, increase the cost of production, and reduce operating margins. Additionally, the outbreak of disease may hinder the Company’s ability to market and sell products both domestically and internationally. The Company has developed business continuity plans for various disease scenarios and will continue to update these plans as necessary. There can be no assurance given, however, that these plans will be effective in eliminating the negative effects of any such diseases on the Company’s operating results.

Market demand for the Company’s products may fluctuate. 

The Company faces competition from producers of alternative meats and protein sources, including pork, beef, turkey, chicken, fish, and peanut butter. The bases on which the Company competes include:

·
    price;

·
    product quality and attributes;

·
    brand identification;

·
    breadth of product line; and

·
    customer service.

Demand for the Company’s products is also affected by competitors’ promotional spending, the effectiveness of the Company’s advertising and marketing programs, and consumer perceptions. The Company may be unable to compete successfully on any or all of these bases in the future.

The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks associated with acquisitions. 

The Company has made several acquisitions in recent years, most recently the acquisition of the SKIPPY

®

 peanut butter business, and regularly reviews opportunities for strategic growth through acquisitions. Potential risks associated with acquisitions include the inability to integrate new operations successfully, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired companies, the possible assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes with the sellers, potential impairment charges if purchase assumptions are not achieved or market

28

conditions decline, and the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which the Company has limited or no prior experience. Any or all of these risks could impact the Company’s financial results and business reputation. In addition, acquisitions outside the United States may present unique challenges and increase the Company’s exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations.

The Company’s operations are subject to the general risks of litigation. 

The Company is involved on an ongoing basis in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Trends in litigation may include class actions involving employees, consumers, competitors, suppliers, shareholders, or injured persons, and claims relating to product liability, contract disputes, intellectual property, advertising, labeling, wage and hour laws, employment practices, or environmental matters. Litigation trends and the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and adverse litigation trends and outcomes could adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

The Company is subject to the loss of a material contract. 

The Company is a party to several supply, distribution, contract packaging, and other material contracts. The loss of a material contract could adversely affect the Company’s financial results. In fiscal 2013, the Company agreed to end its hog supply contract with AgFeed USA, LLC. The Company is confident there will be an adequate hog supply to replace the quantity represented by this contract and expects there will be no effect on operations.

Government regulation, present and future, exposes the Company to potential sanctions and compliance costs that could adversely affect the Company’s business. 

The Company’s operations are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, federal and state taxing authorities, and other state and local authorities that oversee workforce immigration laws, tax regulations, animal welfare, food safety standards, and the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, and labeling of the Company’s products. The Company’s manufacturing facilities and products are subject to constant inspection by federal, state, and local authorities. Claims or enforcement proceedings could be brought against the Company in the future. The availability of government inspectors due to a government furlough could also cause disruption to the Company’s manufacturing facilities. Additionally, the Company is subject to new or modified laws, regulations, and accounting standards. The Company’s failure or inability to comply with such requirements could subject the Company to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls, or seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions.

The Company is subject to stringent environmental regulation and potentially subject to environmental litigation, proceedings, and investigations. 

The Company’s past and present business operations and ownership and operation of real property are subject to stringent federal, state, and

local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment, and the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to protection of the environment. Compliance with these laws and regulations, and the ability to comply with any modifications to these laws and regulations, is material to the Company’s business. New matters or sites may be identified in the future that will require additional investigation, assessment, or expenditures. In addition, some of the Company’s facilities have been in operation for many years and, over time, the Company and other prior operators of these facilities may have generated and disposed of wastes that now may be considered hazardous. Future discovery of contamination of property underlying or in the vicinity of the Company’s present or former properties or manufacturing facilities and/or waste disposal sites could require the Company to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any of these events, the implementation of new laws and regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

The Company’s foreign operations pose additional risks to the Company’s business. 

The Company operates its business and markets its products internationally. The Company’s foreign operations are subject to the risks described above, as well as risks related to fluctuations in currency values, foreign currency exchange controls, compliance with foreign laws, compliance with applicable U.S. laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other economic or political uncertainties. International sales are subject to risks related to general economic conditions, imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other restrictions, enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions and compliance with applicable foreign laws, and other economic and political uncertainties. All of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, which could adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

Deterioration of labor relations or increases in labor costs could harm the Company’s business. 

As of October 27, 2013, the Company had approximately 19,800 employees worldwide, of which approximately 5,600 were represented by labor unions, principally the United Food and Commercial Workers’ Union. A significant increase in labor costs or a deterioration of labor relations at any of the Company’s facilities or contracted hog processing facilities that results in work slowdowns or stoppages could harm the Company’s financial results. Union contracts at the Company’s facilities in Rochelle, Illinois and San Leandro, California will expire during fiscal 2014, covering a combined total of approximately 635 employees. Negotiations at these two facilities have not yet been initiated.

29

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE

DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISKS

Hog Markets: 

The Company’s earnings are affected by fluctuations in the live hog market. To minimize the impact on earnings, and to ensure a steady supply of quality hogs, the Company has entered into contracts with producers for the purchase of hogs at formula-based prices over periods of up to 10 years. Purchased hogs under contract accounted for 98 percent and 97 percent of the total hogs purchased by the Company in fiscal years 2013 and 2012, respectively. The majority of these contracts use market-based formulas based on hog futures, hog primal values, or industry reported hog markets. Other contracts use a formula based on the cost of production, which can fluctuate independently from hog markets. Under normal, long-term market conditions, changes in the cash hog market are offset by proportional changes in primal values. Therefore, a hypothetical 10 percent change in the cash hog market would have had an immaterial effect on the Company’s results of operations.

Certain procurement contracts allow for future hog deliveries (firm commitments) to be forward priced. The Company generally hedges these firm commitments by using hog futures contracts. These futures contracts are designated and accounted for as fair value hedges. The change in the market value of such futures contracts is highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item, and the Company evaluates the effectiveness of the contracts on a regular basis. Changes in the fair value of the futures contracts, along with the gain or loss on the firm commitment, are marked-to-market through earnings and are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as a current asset and liability, respectively. The fair value of the Company’s open futures contracts as of October 27, 2013, was $(10.9) million compared to $(2.3) million as of October 28, 2012.

The Company measures its market risk exposure on its hog futures contracts using a sensitivity analysis, which considers a hypothetical 10 percent change in market prices. A 10 percent increase in market prices would have negatively impacted the fair value of the Company’s October 27, 2013 open contracts by $13.4 million, which in turn would lower the Company’s future cost of purchased hogs by a similar amount.

Turkey and Hog Production Costs: 

The Company raises or contracts for live turkeys and hogs to meet some of its raw material supply requirements. Production costs in raising turkeys and hogs are subject primarily to fluctuations in feed prices, and to a lesser extent, fuel costs. Under normal, long-term market conditions, changes in the cost to produce turkeys and hogs are offset by proportional changes in their respective markets.

To reduce the Company’s exposure to changes in grain prices, the Company utilizes a hedge program to offset the fluctuation in the Company’s future direct grain purchases. This program currently utilizes corn futures for JOTS, and these contracts are accounted for under cash flow hedge

accounting. The open contracts are reported at their fair value with an unrealized loss of ($6.3) million, before tax, on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of October 27, 2013, compared to an unrealized gain of $9.5 million, before tax, as of October 28, 2012.

The Company measures its market risk exposure on its grain futures contracts using a sensitivity analysis, which considers a hypothetical 10 percent change in the market prices for grain. A 10 percent decrease in the market price for grain would have negatively impacted the fair value of the Company’s October 27, 2013, open grain contracts by $6.8 million, which in turn would lower the Company’s future cost on purchased grain by a similar amount.

Long-Term Debt: 

A principal market risk affecting the Company is the exposure to changes in interest rates on the Company’s fixed-rate, long-term debt. Market risk for fixed- rate, long-term debt is estimated as the potential increase in fair value, resulting from a hypothetical 10 percent decrease in interest rates, and amounts to approximately $5.8 million. The fair value of the Company’s long-term debt was estimated using discounted future cash flows based on the Company’s incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.

Investments: 

The Company holds trading securities as part of a rabbi trust to fund certain supplemental executive retirement plans and deferred income plans. As of October 27, 2013, the balance of these securities totaled $114.3 million. A majority of these securities represent fixed income funds. The Company is subject to market risk due to fluctuations in the value of the remaining investments, as unrealized gains and losses associated with these securities are included in the Company’s net earnings on a mark-to-market basis. A 10 percent decline in the value of the investments not held in fixed income funds would have a direct negative impact to the Company’s pretax earnings of approximately $3.8 million, while a 10 percent increase in value would have a positive impact of the same amount.

International: 

The fair values of certain Company assets are subject to fluctuations in foreign currencies. The Company’s net asset position in foreign currencies as of October 27, 2013, was $216.6 million, compared to $146.4 million as of October 28, 2012, with most of the exposure existing in Chinese yuan and Philippine pesos. Changes in currency exchange rates impact the fair values of Company assets either currently through the Consolidated Statements of Operations as currency gains/losses, or by affecting other comprehensive loss.

The Company measures its foreign currency exchange risk by using a 10 percent sensitivity analysis on the Company’s primary foreign net asset position, the Chinese yuan, as of October 27, 2013. A 10 percent strengthening in the value of the yuan relative to the U.S. dollar would result in other comprehensive income of $9.3 million pretax. A 10 percent weakening in the value of the yuan relative to the U.S. dollar would result in other comprehensive loss of the same amount.