The Company’s Operations Are Subject to the
General Risks of the Food Industry

The food products manufacturing industry is subject to
the risks posed by:

·

food spoilage;

·

food contamination caused by disease-producing organisms
or pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes, Salmonella and generic E. coli.;

·

nutritional and health-related concerns;

·

federal, state, and local food processing controls;

·

consumer product liability claims;

·

product tampering; and 

·

the possible unavailability and/or expense of
liability insurance.

The pathogens which may
cause food contamination are found generally in the environment and thus may be
present in our products as a result of food processing. These pathogens also
can be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling by customers
or consumers. We do not have control over proper handling procedures once our
products have been shipped for distribution. If one or more of these risks were
to materialize, the Company’s brand and business reputation could be negatively
impacted. In addition, revenues could decrease, costs of doing business could
increase, and the Company’s operating results could be adversely affected.

Deterioration of Economic Conditions Could Harm
the Company’s Business

The Company’s business may be adversely affected by
changes in national or global economic conditions, including inflation,
interest rates, availability of capital markets, energy availability and costs
(including fuel surcharges), and the effects of governmental initiatives to
manage economic conditions. Decreases in consumer spending rates and shifts in
consumer product preferences could also negatively impact the Company.

The recent volatility in
financial markets and the deterioration of national and global economic
conditions could impact the Company’s operations as follows:

·

The financial stability of our customers and
suppliers may be compromised, which could result in additional bad debts for
the Company or non-performance by suppliers;

·

The value of our investments in debt and equity
securities may decline, including most significantly the Company’s trading
securities held as part of a rabbi trust to fund supplemental executive
retirement plans and deferred income plans, and the Company’s assets held in
pension plans; and

31

·

It may become more costly or difficult to
obtain financing to fund operations or investment opportunities, or to
refinance the Company’s debt in the future.

The Company also utilizes
hedging programs to reduce its exposure to various commodity market risks,
which qualify for hedge accounting for financial reporting purposes. Volatile
fluctuations in market conditions could cause these instruments to become ineffective,
which could require any gains or losses associated with these instruments to be
reported in the Company’s earnings each period. These instruments may also
limit the Company’s ability to benefit from market gains if commodity prices
become more favorable than those that have been secured under the Company’s
hedging programs.

Additionally, if a high
pathogenic disease outbreak developed in the United States, it may negatively
impact the national economy, demand for Company products, and/or the Company’s
workforce availability, and the Company’s financial results could suffer. The
Company has developed contingency plans to address infectious disease scenarios
and the potential impact on its operations, and will continue to update these
plans as necessary. There can be no assurance given, however, that these plans
will be effective in eliminating the negative effects of any such diseases on
the Company’s operating results. Specifically in regard to the recent outbreak
of the H1N1 virus, both the disease itself as well as adverse publicity
associated with the inaccurate naming of the disease as “swine flu” could
impact future operating results. Perceived risks of the virus may cause a
reduced demand for pork or create additional import bans restricting distribution
of the Company’s products internationally.

Fluctuations in Commodity Prices of Pork, Poultry,
and Feed Ingredients Could Harm the Company’s Earnings

The Company’s results of operations and financial
condition are largely dependent upon the cost and supply of pork, poultry, and
feed grains as well as the selling prices for many of our products, which are
determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand.

The live hog industry has
evolved to very large, vertically integrated, year-round confinement operations
operating under long-term supply agreements. This has resulted in fewer hogs
being available on the cash spot market. The decrease in the supply of live
hogs on the cash spot market could diminish the utilization of harvest facilities
and increase the cost of the raw materials they produce. Consequently, the
Company uses long-term supply contracts to ensure a stable supply of raw
materials while minimizing extreme fluctuations in costs over the long term.
This may result, in the short term, in costs for live hogs that are higher than
the cash spot market depending on the relationship of the cash spot market to contract
prices. Market-based pricing on certain product lines, and lead time required
to implement pricing adjustments, may prevent these cost increases from being
recovered, and these higher costs could adversely affect our short-term
financial results.

Jennie-O Turkey Store
raises turkeys and also contracts with turkey growers to meet its raw material
requirements for whole birds and processed turkey products. Additionally, the
Company owns various hog raising facilities that supplement its supply of raw
materials. Results in these operations are affected by the cost and supply of
feed grains, which fluctuate due to climate conditions, production forecasts,
and supply and demand conditions at local, regional, national, and worldwide
levels. The Company attempts to manage some of its short-term exposure to
fluctuations in feed prices by using futures contracts and pursuing pricing
advances. However, these strategies may not be adequate to overcome sustained
increases in market prices due to alternate uses for feed grains or other
systemic changes in the industry.

Outbreaks of Disease Among Livestock and Poultry
Flocks Could Harm the Company’s Revenues and Operating Margins

The Company is subject to risks associated with the
outbreak of disease in pork and beef livestock, and poultry flocks, including
Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE), pneumovirus, Porcine Circovirus 2
(PCV2), Porcine Reproduction & Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS),
Foot-and-Mouth Disease (FMD), and Avian Influenza. The outbreak of disease
could adversely affect the Company’s supply of raw materials, increase the cost
of production, and reduce operating margins. Additionally, the outbreak of
disease may hinder the Company’s ability to market and sell products both
domestically and internationally. The Company has developed business continuity
plans for various disease scenarios and will continue to update these plans as
necessary. There can be no assurance given, however, that these plans will be
effective in eliminating the negative effects of any such diseases on the
Company’s operating results.

Market Demand for the Company’s Products
May Fluctuate Due to Competition from Other Producers

The Company faces competition from producers of
alternative meats and protein sources, including beef, chicken, and fish. The
bases on which the Company competes include:

·

price;

·

product quality;

·

brand identification;

·

breadth of product line; and

·

customer service.

32

Demand for the Company’s
products is also affected by competitors’ promotional spending and the effectiveness
of the Company’s advertising and marketing programs. The Company may be unable
to compete successfully on any or all of these bases in the future.

The Company’s Operations Are Subject to the
General Risks Associated with Acquisitions

The Company has made several acquisitions in recent
years including, most recently, Burke and Boca Grande, and regularly reviews
opportunities for strategic growth through acquisitions. Potential risks
associated with acquisitions include the inability to integrate new operations
successfully, the diversion of management’s attention from other business
concerns, the potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired
companies, the possible assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes
with the sellers, potential impairment charges if purchase assumptions are not
achieved or market conditions decline, and the inherent risks in entering
markets or lines of business in which the Company has limited or no prior
experience. Any or all of these risks could impact the Company’s financial
results and business reputation. In addition, acquisitions outside the United
States may present unique challenges and increase the Company’s exposure to the
risks associated with foreign operations.

The Company’s Operations Are Subject to the
General Risks of Litigation

The Company is involved on an ongoing basis in
litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Trends in litigation may
include class actions involving competitors, consumers, shareholders, or injured
persons, and claims relating to patent infringement, labor, employment, or
environmental matters. Litigation trends and the outcome of litigation cannot
be predicted with certainty and adverse litigation trends and outcomes could
adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

Government Regulation, Present and Future, Exposes
the Company to Potential Sanctions and Compliance Costs That Could Adversely
Affect the Company’s Business

The Company’s operations are subject to extensive
regulation by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, federal and state taxing
authorities, and other state and local authorities that oversee workforce
immigration laws, tax regulations, food safety standards, and the processing,
packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, and labeling of the Company’s
products. The Company’s manufacturing facilities and products are subject to
constant inspection by federal, state, and local authorities. Claims or
enforcement proceedings could be brought against the Company in the future.
Additionally, the Company is subject to new or modified laws, regulations, and
accounting standards. The Company’s failure or inability to comply with such
requirements could subject the Company to civil remedies, including fines,
injunctions, recalls, or seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions.

The Company Is Subject to Stringent Environmental
Regulation and Potentially Subject to Environmental Litigation, Proceedings,
and Investigations

The Company’s past and present business operations and
ownership and operation of real property are subject to stringent federal,
state, and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge
of materials into the environment, and the handling and disposition of wastes
(including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to protection of
the environment. Compliance with these laws and regulations, and the ability to
comply with any modifications to these laws and regulations, is material to the
Company’s business. New matters or sites may be identified in the future that
will require additional investigation, assessment, or expenditures. In
addition, some of the Company’s facilities have been in operation for many
years and, over time, the Company and other prior operators of these facilities
may have generated and disposed of wastes that now may be considered hazardous.
Future discovery of contamination of property underlying or in the vicinity of
the Company’s present or former properties or manufacturing facilities and/or
waste disposal sites could require the Company to incur additional expenses.
The occurrence of any of these events, the implementation of new laws and
regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws or regulations, could
adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

The Company’s Foreign Operations Pose Additional
Risks to the Company’s Business

The Company operates its business and markets its
products internationally. The Company’s foreign operations are subject to the
risks described above, as well as risks related to fluctuations in currency
values, foreign currency exchange controls, compliance with foreign laws, and
other economic or political uncertainties. International sales are subject to
risks related to general economic conditions, imposition of tariffs, quotas,
trade barriers and other restrictions, enforcement of remedies in foreign
jurisdictions and compliance with applicable foreign laws, and other economic
and political uncertainties. All of these risks could result in increased costs
or decreased revenues, which could adversely affect the Company’s financial
results.

33

Deterioration of Labor Relations or Increases in
Labor Costs Could Harm the Company’s Business

The Company has approximately 18,600 employees, of
which approximately 6,300 are represented by labor unions, principally the
United Food and Commercial Workers’ Union. A significant increase in labor costs
or a deterioration of labor relations at any of the Company’s facilities that
results in work slowdowns or stoppages could harm the Company’s financial
results. Union contracts at the Company’s facilities in Rochelle, Illinois and
Vernon, California will expire during fiscal 2010, covering a combined total of
approximately 2,100 employees. Negotiations at these facilities have not yet
been initiated.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISKS

Hog Markets

The Company’s earnings are affected by fluctuations in
the live hog market. To minimize the impact on earnings, and to ensure a steady
supply of quality hogs, the Company has entered into contracts with producers
for the purchase of hogs at formula-based prices over periods up to 15 years.
Purchased hogs under contract accounted for 93 percent and 91 percent of the
total hogs purchased by the Company in fiscal years 2009 and 2008,
respectively. The majority of these contracts use market-based formulas based
on hog futures, hog primal values, or industry reported hog markets. Under
normal, long-term market conditions, changes in the cash hog market are offset
by proportional changes in primal values. Therefore, a hypothetical 10 percent
change in the cash hog market would have had an immaterial effect on the
Company’s results of operations.

Certain procurement
contracts allow for future hog deliveries (firm commitments) to be forward
priced. The Company generally hedges these firm commitments by using hog
futures contracts. These futures contracts are designated and accounted for as
fair value hedges. The change in the market value of such futures contracts is
highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item,
and the Company evaluates the effectiveness of the contracts on a regular
basis. Changes in the fair value of the futures contracts, along with the gain
or loss on the firm commitment, are marked-to-market through earnings and are
recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as a current asset
and liability, respectively. The fair value of the Company’s open futures
contracts as of October 25, 2009, was $(1.8) million compared to $15.8
million as of October 26, 2008.

The Company measures its
market risk exposure on its hog futures contracts using a sensitivity analysis,
which considers a hypothetical 10 percent change in market prices. A 10 percent
increase in market prices would have negatively impacted the fair value of the
Company’s October 25, 2009, open contracts by $8.3 million, which in turn
would lower the Company’s future cost of purchased hogs by a similar amount.

Turkey and Hog Production Costs

The Company raises or contracts for live turkeys and
hogs to meet some of its raw material supply requirements. Production costs in
raising turkeys and hogs are subject primarily to fluctuations in feed prices,
and to a lesser extent, fuel costs. Under normal, long-term market conditions,
changes in the cost to produce turkeys and hogs are offset by proportional
changes in their respective markets.

To reduce the Company’s
exposure to changes in grain prices, the Company utilizes a hedge program to
offset the fluctuation in the Company’s future direct grain purchases. This
program utilizes corn and soybean meal futures and swaps, and these contracts
are accounted for under cash flow hedge accounting. The open contracts are
reported at their fair value with an unrealized loss of $3.0 million, before
tax, on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as of October 25,
2009, compared to an unrealized loss of $63.3 million, before tax, as of October 26,
2008.

The Company measures its
market risk exposure on its grain futures contracts and swaps using a
sensitivity analysis, which considers a hypothetical 10 percent change in the
market prices for grain. A 10 percent decrease in the market price for grain
would have negatively impacted the fair value of the Company’s October 25,
2009, open grain contracts by $12.9 million, which in turn would lower the
Company’s future cost on purchased grain by a similar amount.

Natural Gas

Production costs at the Company’s plants and feed
mills are also subject to fluctuations in fuel costs. To reduce the Company’s
exposure to changes in natural gas prices, the Company utilizes a hedge program
to offset the fluctuation in the Company’s future natural gas purchases. This
program utilizes natural gas swaps, and these contracts are accounted for under
cash flow hedge accounting. The open contracts are reported at their fair value
with an unrealized loss of $10.9 million, before tax, on the Consolidated
Statement of Financial Position as of October 25, 2009, compared to an
unrealized loss of $10.2 million, before tax, as of October 26, 2008.

34

The Company measures its
market risk exposure on its natural gas contracts using a sensitivity analysis,
which considers a hypothetical 10 percent change in the market prices for
natural gas. A 10 percent decrease in the market price for natural gas would
have negatively impacted the fair value of the Company’s October 25, 2009,
open natural gas contracts by $2.8 million, which in turn would lower the
Company’s future cost on natural gas purchases by a similar amount.

Long-Term Debt

A principal market risk affecting the Company is the
exposure to changes in interest rates on the Company’s fixed-rate, long-term
debt. As of October 25, 2009, fixed-rate debt totaled $350.0 million at
6.625 percent. Market risk for fixed-rate, long-term debt is estimated as the
potential increase in fair value, resulting from a hypothetical 10 percent
decrease in interest rates, and amounts to approximately $1.3 million. The fair
values of the Company’s long-term debt were estimated using discounted future
cash flows based on the Company’s incremental borrowing rates for similar types
of borrowing arrangements.

Investments

The Company holds trading securities as part of a
rabbi trust to fund certain supplemental executive retirement plans and
deferred income plans. The Company is subject to market risk due to
fluctuations in the value of these investments, as unrealized gains and losses
associated with these securities are included in the Company’s net earnings on
a mark-to-market basis. As of October 25, 2009, the balance of these
securities totaled $103.8 million. As losses on these securities are not tax
deductible, a 10 percent decline in the value of these assets would have a
direct negative impact to the Company’s net earnings of approximately $10.4
million, while a 10 percent increase in value would have a positive impact of
the same amount. The Company has begun to transition the majority of this
portfolio to more fixed return investments to reduce the exposure to volatility
in equity markets going forward.

International

The fair values of certain Company assets are subject
to fluctuations in foreign currencies. The Company’s net asset position in
foreign currencies as of October 25, 2009, was $128.7 million, with most
of the exposure existing in Philippine pesos and Chinese yuan. Changes in currency
exchange rates impact the fair values of Company assets either currently
through the Consolidated Statement of Operations, as currency gains/losses, or
by affecting other comprehensive loss.

The Company measures its
foreign currency exchange risk by using a 10 percent sensitivity analysis on
the Company’s primary foreign net asset position, the Philippine peso, as of October 25,
2009. A 10 percent strengthening in the value of the peso relative to the U.S.
dollar would result in other comprehensive income of $5.7 million pre-tax. A 10
percent weakening in the value of the peso relative to the U.S. dollar would
result in other comprehensive loss of the same amount.