” and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” of this Report. 

Integrated Network Solutions 

Integrated Network Solutions provides integrated communications and information technology (“IT”) and services, including a
variety of trusted networking capabilities, to support government, energy, maritime and healthcare customers. Integrated Network Solutions serves (i) IT Services, (ii) Managed Satellite and Terrestrial Communications Solutions and
(iii) Healthcare Solutions markets. 

IT Services Market:    We are a leading systems and
network integrator and prime contractor providing mission-critical end-to-end IT services for defense, intelligence, homeland security and civilian government customers. We have positions as a prime contractor on many key IDIQ contract vehicles
related to IT services. We deliver scalable, flexible, secure solutions that achieve objectives and advance mission readiness. 

Our IT services platform is standards- and process-driven and follows strict methodologies, and we have attained high-level, specialized
IT services registrations and ratings. We invest in the expertise of our employees to ensure they remain current with evolving technologies and to promote optimal service delivery. In addition, we and our personnel have a mix of security clearances
that enable us to support our broad customer base. Our IT services solutions are built around a firm fixed-price, performance-based contract portfolio, providing the ability to leverage our workforce across multiple engagements to adapt quickly to
specific customer requirements. In the U.S., our operational footprint offers a physical presence in all 50 states and provides support to more than 10,000 customer sites in 300 of the largest U.S. cities. 

Examples of our work in designing, integrating, deploying, operating and supporting secure communications systems and information networks
for complex, mission-critical applications include the following: 

Ÿ

 We provide operations and maintenance support at locations around the world for the communications functions for the U.S. Air Force
50th Space Wing’s Satellite Control Network, a global, continuously operational network of ground stations, operational control nodes and communications links that support launch and command and control of various space programs managed by
the DoD and other national security space organizations, under the Network and Space Operations and Maintenance (“NSOM”) program; 

Ÿ

 We provide the U.S. Department of the Navy with comprehensive, end-to-end support for data, video and voice communications for over 700,000 users
as a Tier One subcontractor under the Navy/Marine Corps Intranet (“NMCI”) program; however, this work may not continue because in fiscal 2013 we were not awarded the re-compete for the successor
program, but we have protested that re-compete award; 

Ÿ

 We provide the Government of Canada with engineering and logistics services to support the avionics systems on the CF-18 Hornet fighter aircraft under
the CF-18 Avionics Optimized Weapon System Support program; 

5 

Table of Contents

Ÿ

 We provide IT integration of installation, training, help desk, passport and configuration management services for the U.S. Department of State,
Bureau of Consular Affairs in support of more than 240 U.S. embassies and consulates around the world; 

Ÿ

 We provide comprehensive operational and system maintenance support and engineering and technology enhancements for the Defense Information Systems
Agency Crisis Management System; 

Ÿ

 We provide enterprise IT support services to the North American Air Defense Command (“NORAD”) and the U.S. Northern Command
(“USNORTHCOM”); and 

Ÿ

 We maintain networks that enable over 12 million U.S. military members and their families to receive goods and services at 250 locations
around the world for the Defense Commissary Agency. 

Managed Satellite and Terrestrial Communications
Solutions Market (which we sometimes refer to as “Harris CapRock Communications”)
:    We are a global provider of end-to-end fully-managed hybrid communications network solutions to critical operations in
remote and harsh locations for energy, maritime and government customers. We own and operate a robust global infrastructure that includes teleports on six continents; network operations centers running 24 hours per day, seven days per
week; local presence in 23 countries; and over 275 global field service personnel supporting customer locations in more than 125 countries across North America, Central and South America, Europe, Africa and

Asia-Pacific. Our customers include major land-based and offshore energy, mining and engineering and construction companies; leading transocean shipping and cruise line companies; and government and military
customers with defense and intelligence missions. We combine satellite, terrestrial and wireless technologies to provide comprehensive communications solutions that connect customers’ remote sites with each other and with distant headquarters.
Our solutions focus on voice, data and networking solutions for remote sites and are supported by the largest global managed satellite network in the world. 

Examples of our end-to-end fully-managed hybrid communications network solutions include the following: 

Ÿ

 We are providing complete turnkey managed satellite communications services, including all shipboard equipment, onboard IT system integration and
satellite bandwidth, under multi-year agreements covering 150 vessels operating worldwide for one energy customer and over 100 vessels operating worldwide for another energy customer; 

Ÿ

 We are providing data, voice and internet service to drilling ships operating in offshore Brazil and satellite communications to drilling ships
operating in offshore Norway; 

Ÿ

 We are delivering turnkey managed satellite communications to a fleet of 53 offshore supply vessels operating in the North Sea, Brazil, Australia and
Indian Pacific regions and managed communication services on over 300 commercial shipping and service vessels; 

Ÿ

 We are providing end-to-end terrestrial and satellite communications services and solutions to a leading global helicopter transportation company;

Ÿ

 We are providing global communications services onboard 34 cruise ships to improve overall communications performance and enhance guest and crew
experiences; 

Ÿ

 We are operating the Offshore Communications Backbone, a modular system of seafloor communications equipment for deep-ocean observation located in the
eastern Mediterranean Sea, under a 3-year master service agreement; and 

Ÿ

 We are providing managed service networks leveraging 2 GHz of C-, Ku-, UHF- and X-band commercial space
segment capacity for monitoring and control, teleport services, terrestrial communications, operations and maintenance to DoD agency customers operating in Asia, Europe, the U.S. and all major ocean regions and to classified customers, supporting a
range of missions, including airborne ISR, tactical field-deployed communications and continuity of operations. 

Healthcare Solutions Market:    We provide systems integration, intelligent infrastructure, information exchange, interoperability, and enterprise business intelligence and
analytics solutions and services for government and commercial healthcare customers. We are a leader in U.S. Federal healthcare IT integration, and we also offer commercial and international healthcare providers a full range of interoperability
and business intelligence solutions. Our products, systems and services help improve healthcare quality, safety, efficiency, cost and outcomes by seeking to ensure that the right information travels, with security and privacy, to the right person,
at the right time, on the right device, at the point of care. Examples include the following: 

Ÿ

 We were one of eight companies in the large business category awarded the 5-year Transformation Twenty-One Total Technology (“T4”) IDIQ
contract vehicle from the Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”) designed to upgrade the VA’s IT system and covering services that will streamline and modernize VA operations, including patient care delivery at more than 150 VA
hospitals; 

Ÿ

 Under the T4 IDIQ contract vehicle, we are (i) providing electronic health record interoperability to enhance continuity of care between the DoD
and the VA, (ii) designing and installing a wireless network for VA medical centers and (iii) improving electronic data interoperability for claims processing; 

6 

Table of Contents

Ÿ

 We are providing design, development, enhancement, integration, implementation, maintenance and infrastructure support services for the Veterans
Benefits Administration’s Enterprise Data Warehouse, the primary source for veteran’s benefits data and information; and 

Ÿ

 We are implementing statewide Health Information Exchange (“HIE”) infrastructures in Florida and Oregon to connect physicians, hospitals,
regional HIEs and state government agencies. 

Revenue, Operating Income and
Backlog:    Revenue for the Integrated Network Solutions segment decreased 2.1 percent to $1,539 million in fiscal 2013 compared with $1,571 million in fiscal 2012, and was $1,445 million in fiscal 2011.
Segment operating income increased 10.9 percent to $77.5 million in fiscal 2013 compared with $69.9 million in fiscal 2012, and was $90.7 million in fiscal 2011. The percentage of our revenue contributed by this segment was 30 percent
in fiscal 2013 compared with 29 percent in fiscal 2012 and 27 percent in fiscal 2011. The percentages of this segment’s revenue under contracts directly with end customers and under contracts with prime contractors were approximately
77 percent and 23 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2013 compared with approximately 70 percent and 30 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2012 and 74 percent and 26 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2011. The percentage of
this segment’s revenue that was derived outside of the U.S. was approximately 31 percent in fiscal 2013 compared with approximately 28 percent in fiscal 2012 and 16 percent in fiscal 2011. The percentages of this segment’s
revenue in a particular fiscal year represented by this segment’s largest U.S. Government program by revenue in such fiscal year and five largest U.S. Government programs by revenue in such fiscal year were approximately 9 percent and
29 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2013 compared with approximately 9 percent and 31 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2012 and 10 percent and 38 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2011. The percentage of this segment’s
revenue that was derived from sales to U.S. Government customers, including the DoD and intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as foreign military sales funded through the U.S. Government, whether directly or through prime
contractors, was approximately 61 percent in fiscal 2013 compared with approximately 66 percent in fiscal 2012 and 74 percent in fiscal 2011. 

For a general description of our U.S. Government contracts and subcontracts, including a discussion of revenue generated thereunder and of cost-reimbursable versus fixed-price contracts, see
“Item 1. Business — Principal Customers; Government Contracts” of this Report. 

In general, this
segment’s domestic products are sold and serviced directly to customers through its sales organization and through established distribution channels. Internationally, this segment markets and sells its products and services through regional
sales offices and established distribution channels. For a general description of our international business, see “Item 1. Business — International Business” of this Report. 

The funded backlog for this segment was $919 million at the end of fiscal 2013 compared with $930 million at the end of fiscal
2012 and $765 million at the end of fiscal 2011. Unfunded backlog for this segment was $1,106 million at the end of fiscal 2013 compared with $1,174 million at the end of fiscal 2012 and $1,295 million at the end of fiscal 2011. We
expect to fill approximately 65 percent of this funded backlog during fiscal 2014, but we can give no assurance of such fulfillment. Additional information regarding funded and unfunded backlog is provided under “Item 1.
Business — Funded and Unfunded Backlog” of this Report. For a discussion of certain risks affecting this segment, including risks relating to our U.S. Government contracts and subcontracts, see “Item 1. Business
—Principal Customers; Government Contracts,” “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” of this Report. 

Government Communications Systems 

Government Communications Systems
conducts advanced research and develops, produces, integrates and supports advanced communications and information systems that solve the mission-critical challenges of our civilian, intelligence and defense government customers worldwide, primarily
the U.S. Government. Government Communication Systems serves (i) Civil, (ii) National Intelligence and (iii) Defense markets. 

Civil Market:    We provide highly reliable, mission-critical communications and information processing systems that meet the most demanding needs of civilian U.S.
Government agencies, including the Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (“NOAA”). We use our ability to implement and manage large, complex programs that integrate
secure, advanced communications and information processing technologies in order to improve productivity and to achieve cost savings for our customers. Our networks and information systems for large-scale, geographically dispersed enterprises offer
advanced capabilities for collecting, processing, analyzing, interpreting, displaying, distributing, storing and retrieving data. We are a leader in satellite ground data processing and mission command-and-control (“C2”) systems. Our
ground data processing systems consist of complex suites of hardware and software that receive sensor data from satellites, turning it into useable information. Our C2 systems feature COTS design and high levels of flexibility, are designed for
government and commercial applications, and support single-satellite missions as well as some of the largest and most complex satellite fleets deployed. 

7 

Table of Contents

For example, we are the prime contractor and system architect under a 20-year contract
awarded in July 2002, with a potential value of $5 billion, for the FAA Telecommunications Infrastructure (“FTI”) program to integrate, modernize, operate and maintain the communications infrastructure for the U.S. air traffic
control system. We designed and deployed, and are currently operating and maintaining, the FTI network, which is a fully operational, modern, secure and efficient network providing voice, data and video communications deployed at more than 4,500 FAA
sites across the U.S. 

We also have developed a number of other solutions under FAA programs, including a voice switching and
control system providing the critical air-to-ground communications links between en-route aircraft and air traffic controllers throughout the continental U.S.; an integrated weather briefing and flight planning system for Alaska’s general
aviation community; a meteorological data processing system that generates radar mosaic data for air traffic controller displays and delivers weather data to critical subsystems within the National Airspace System (“NAS”); and a
satellite-based Alaskan NAS interfacility communications system linking the Alaskan Air Route Traffic Control Center in Anchorage with FAA facilities throughout the region. 

In fiscal 2013, we were awarded three contracts that provide essential elements of the FAA’s multi-billion dollar Next Generation Air Transportation System (“NextGen”) initiative to
transform the U.S. air traffic control system to meet future requirements: 

Ÿ

 A 7-year, $331 million Data Communications Integrated Services (“DCIS”) contract to transform voice-based air traffic control to automated
air traffic management (and in the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we were awarded a 7-year, $150 million contract to provide the Data Communications Network Service (“DCNS”) component of the DCIS program, bringing total contract value for
the program to $481 million); 

Ÿ

 A 15-year, $291 million NextGen NAS Voice System (“NVS”) contract to create a modern Voice Over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) network
for communications among air traffic controllers, pilots and ground personnel; and 

Ÿ

 A 5-year, $63 million NAS Enterprise Messaging Service (“NEMS”) IDIQ contract that provides the Systems Wide Information Management
(“SWIM”) program with enterprise-wide data sharing for a variety of critical information such as flight planning, traffic flow, surface radar and weather. 

In fiscal 2012, we were awarded a 5-year contract to supply Aireon, LLC with 81 automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast
(“ADS-B”) receiver payloads that will be part of a satellite-based aircraft tracking system to enhance global air traffic control and that will be hosted on the Iridium NEXT satellite constellation.

Another example of our capabilities relates to NOAA’s Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite —
Series R (“GOES-R”) Ground and Antenna Segment weather programs. Under two 10-year contracts, with an aggregate potential value of approximately $1 billion (including change orders), we are
providing a complete, end-to-end solution in which we will design, develop, deploy and operate the ground segment system that will receive and process satellite data and generate and distribute weather data to more than 10,000 direct users, as well
as providing the command and control of operational satellites. We also are supplying antennas and control systems that will provide communications links for command, telemetry and sensor data, as well as the communications link to direct data
users. The new antennas will operate with next-generation GOES-R satellites and will be compatible with existing GOES-N through GOES-P satellites. In fiscal 2013, the GOES-R weather program transitioned from the design and development phase to the
integration, test and deployment phase. 

We also are modernizing the ground segment of the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite
System (“TDRSS”) network under a 5-year contract, potentially worth $140 million, for the Space Network Ground Segment Sustainment (“SGSS”) program for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (“NASA”).
The TDRSS network is used by satellites and spacecraft in low-Earth orbit to relay data continuously to ground stations in White Sands, New Mexico and in Guam. The modernization will improve situational awareness for TDRSS network operators, upgrade
computing and signal processing equipment, enhance reliability and maintainability, improve efficiency and reduce operations and sustainment costs. The SGSS program builds on our 30-year incumbency with the TDRSS. We were a primary developer of the
original TDRSS ground system in White Sands in the early 1980s, and we also provided the large deployable antennas on the original TDRSS satellites for the space segment of the original program. 

National Intelligence Market:    A significant portion of this market involves classified programs. Although
classified programs generally are not discussed in this Report, the operating results relating to classified programs are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe that the business risks associated with those programs do not
differ materially from the business risks of other U.S. Government programs. 

We are a major developer, supplier and
integrator of communications and information processing products, systems and networks for a diverse base of U.S. Intelligence Community programs, and we support the ongoing transformation of the Intelligence Community into a more collaborative
enterprise. Serving primarily national 

8 

Table of Contents

intelligence and security agency customers, including NSA, the National Reconnaissance Office (“NRO”) and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (“NGA”), we provide
integrated ISR solutions that improve situational awareness, data collection accuracy and product analysis by correlating near real-time mission data and intelligence reference data for display and analysis by strategic and tactical planners and
decision makers. Our ISR systems help to integrate information across the analyst workflow, accelerating the movement of information that has been collected and processed. 

For example, our image processing capabilities extend from algorithm development through delivery of operations systems, and we are providing advanced image exploitation and dissemination solutions for
ISR applications by advancing image processing, image data fusion, display technologies and digital product generation techniques. Applicable technologies range from new techniques for merging and displaying imagery to automated techniques for image
screening, cueing and remote visualization. Also, our mapping and visualization capabilities provide complete, accurate and timely knowledge about the threat, the terrain, the status and the location of single or multiple opposing and friendly
forces and their support by utilizing data, pictures, voice and video drawn from vast storage banks or from real-time input which can be transmitted around the world in fractions of a second. In addition, we have industry-leading capabilities in the
architecture, design and development of highly specialized satellite antennas, structures, phased arrays and on-board processors, which are used to enable next-generation satellite systems to provide the U.S. military and intelligence
communities with strategic and tactical advantages. We are also a leader in the design and development of antenna and reflector technologies for commercial space telecommunications applications. With more than 50 reflectors in orbit, we are the
leading supplier of large reflector apertures and deployable mesh antenna systems for government and commercial applications. 

In fiscal 2013, we were awarded a number of new contracts and follow-on contracts under classified programs. In addition, our Harris Atlas
Systems joint venture was awarded an $8 million contract to supply a geospatial data sharing system to a government in the Middle East that will enable users to rapidly find, share and access critical geospatial information. 

Defense Market:    We develop, supply and integrate communications and information processing products, systems
and networks for a diverse base of aerospace, terrestrial and maritime applications supporting DoD missions, and we are committed to delivering leading-edge technologies that support the ongoing transformations of military communications for
U.S. and international customers. Our technologies are providing advanced mobile wideband networking capabilities to assure timely and secure network-centric capabilities across strategic, operational and tactical boundaries in support of the
DoD’s full spectrum of warfighting, intelligence and logistics missions. Our major technology capabilities include advanced ground control systems and SATCOM terminals for transportable ground, fixed-site and shipboard applications; flat-panel,
phased-array and single-mission antennas; advanced aviation electronics for military jets, including digital maps, processors, sensors, data buses, fiber optics and microelectronics; and high-speed data links and data networks for wireless
communications. We also develop and supply state-of-the-art wireless voice and data products and solutions. 

For example, our mobile ad hoc networking capability allows the military to take its communications infrastructure
with it, creating mobile, robust, self-forming and self-healing networks across the battlefield. Our Highband Networking Radio
TM

 (“HNR”) provides secure, wireless, high-bandwidth, on-the-move communications among users of widely
dispersed local area networks by establishing line-of-sight connectivity using directive beam antenna technology and a Harris-developed waveform that automatically selects the best communications path available, allowing seamless communication of
voice, video and data to all levels of command. Our HNR system was deployed to the U.S. Army 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault) 2nd Brigade Combat Team in Iraq, which was the first combat deployment of the HNR system, and also was
selected by the U.S. Army for rapid deployment into Afghanistan. Our HNRs form the communications backbone of the U.S. Army’s new Integrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Command System, and we are currently producing and delivering
HNRs under the U.S. Army’s Warfighter Information Network-Tactical (“WIN-T”) program. 

Examples of ongoing
programs for us include the following: 

Ÿ

 The U.S. Army Modernization of Enterprise Terminals (“MET”) program, for which we are developing, under a ten-year contract awarded in
fiscal 2009 with a potential value of $600 million, next-generation large satellite earth stations to provide the worldwide backbone for high-priority military communications and missile defense systems and to support IP and Dedicated Circuit
Connectivity within the Global Information Grid, providing critical reach-back capability for the warfighter; 

Ÿ

 The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter (“F-35”) and F/A-18E/F Super Hornet (“F/A-18E/F”) aircraft platform programs, for which we provide
high-performance, advanced avionics such as high-speed fiber optic networking and switching, intra-flight data links, image processing, digital map software and other electronic components,

9 

Table of Contents

including Multifunction Advanced Data Link communications subsystems primarily intended for stealth platform air-to-air communications and which allow
F-35s to communicate in a stealth fashion with other network nodes without revealing their positions; and 

Ÿ

 The WIN-T program for the U.S. Army, for which we are designing and testing the wireless transmission system architecture, applying our proven
enabling technologies for wireless on-the-move communications, including phased arrays and high-speed secure wireless network solutions such as our HNR system. 

In fiscal 2013, we were awarded a $51 million follow-on contract for the MET program and were one of twenty prime contractors selected to
compete for work under the 5-year, $10 billion Global Tactical Advanced Communication Systems IDIQ contract. 

Revenue,
Operating Income and Backlog:    Revenue for the Government Communications Systems segment decreased 0.3 percent to $1,828 million in fiscal 2013 compared with $1,834 million in fiscal 2012, and was
$1,777 million in fiscal 2011. Segment operating income decreased 0.6 percent to $254.7 million in fiscal 2013 compared with $256.2 million in fiscal 2012, and was $227.0 million in fiscal 2011. The percentage of our revenue
contributed by this segment was 36 percent in fiscal 2013 compared with 34 percent in fiscal 2012 and 33 percent in fiscal 2011. The percentages of this segment’s revenue under contracts directly with end customers and under contracts
with prime contractors were approximately 74 percent and 26 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2013 compared with approximately 70 percent and 30 percent, respectively, in both fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011. In fiscal 2013, this
segment had a diverse portfolio of over 200 programs. Some of this segment’s more significant programs in fiscal 2013 included FTI, GOES-R, SGSS, F-35, F/A-18E/F, MET, Global Geospatial Intelligence (“GGI”) and various classified and
space communications systems programs. The percentages of this segment’s revenue in a particular fiscal year represented by this segment’s largest program by revenue in such fiscal year and ten largest programs by revenue in such fiscal
year were approximately 13 percent and 47 percent, respectively, in both fiscal 2013 and 2012 and 14 percent and 47 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2011. The percentage of this segment’s revenue that was derived from sales
to U.S. Government customers, including the DoD and intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as foreign military sales funded through the U.S. Government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was approximately 94 percent in fiscal
2013 compared with approximately 97 percent in both fiscal 2012 and 2011. For a general description of our U.S. Government contracts and subcontracts, including a discussion of revenue generated thereunder and of cost-reimbursable versus
fixed-price contracts, see “Item 1. Business — Principal Customers; Government Contracts” of this Report. 

The funded backlog for this segment was $964 million at the end of fiscal 2013 compared with $875 million at the end of fiscal 2012 and $775 million at the end of fiscal 2011. Unfunded
backlog for this segment was $2,504 million at the end of fiscal 2013 compared with $2,763 million at the end of fiscal 2012 and $3,193 million at the end of fiscal 2011. We expect to fill approximately 76 percent of this funded
backlog during fiscal 2014, but we can give no assurance of such fulfillment. Additional information regarding funded and unfunded backlog is provided under “Item 1. Business — Funded and Unfunded Backlog” of this Report.
For a discussion of certain risks affecting this segment, including risks relating to our U.S. Government contracts and subcontracts, see “Item 1. Business — Principal Customers; Government Contracts,”
“Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” of this Report. 

International Business

Revenue from products and services exported from the U.S. (including foreign military sales) or manufactured or rendered
abroad was $1,312.5 million (26 percent of our revenue) in fiscal 2013 compared with $1,330.1 million (24 percent of our revenue) in fiscal 2012 and $1,003.4 million (19 percent of our revenue) in fiscal 2011. Essentially all of
our international sales are derived from our RF Communications and Integrated Network Solutions segments. Direct export sales are primarily denominated in U.S. Dollars, whereas sales from foreign subsidiaries are generally denominated in the
local currency of the subsidiary. Financial information regarding our domestic and international operations is contained in Note 24: Business Segments in the Notes and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The majority of our international marketing activities are conducted through subsidiaries which operate in Canada, Europe, the Middle
East, Central and South America, Africa and Asia. We have also established international marketing organizations and several regional sales offices. For further information regarding our international subsidiaries, see Exhibit 21
“Subsidiaries of the Registrant” of this Report. 

We utilize indirect sales channels, including dealers, distributors
and sales representatives, in the marketing and sale of some lines of products and equipment, both domestically and internationally. These independent representatives may buy for resale or, in some cases, solicit orders from commercial or
governmental customers for direct sales by us. 

10 

Table of Contents

Prices to the ultimate customer in many instances may be recommended or established by the independent representative and may be above or below our list prices. Our dealers and distributors
generally receive a discount from our list prices and may mark up those prices in setting the final sales prices paid by the customer. The percentages of our total revenue and of our international revenue represented by revenue from indirect sales
channels were approximately 10 percent and 33 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2013 compared with approximately 12 percent and 48 percent, respectively, in fiscal 2012 and 10 percent and 49 percent, respectively, in
fiscal 2011. 

Fiscal 2013 international revenue came from a large number of countries, and no such single country accounted for
more than 3 percent of our total revenue. Some of our exports are paid for by letters of credit, with the balance carried either on an open account or installment note basis. Advance payments, progress payments or other similar payments received
prior to or upon shipment often cover most of the related costs incurred. Significant foreign government contracts generally require us to provide performance guarantees. In order to stay competitive in international markets, we also sometimes enter
into offset agreements or recourse or vendor financing arrangements to facilitate sales to certain customers. 

The particular
economic, social and political conditions for business conducted outside the U.S. differ from those encountered by domestic businesses. Our management believes that the overall business risk for our international business as a whole is somewhat
greater than that faced by our domestic businesses as a whole. A description of the types of risks to which we are subject in our international business is contained in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Report. Nevertheless, in the
opinion of our management, these risks are partially mitigated by the diversification of our international business and the protection provided by letters of credit and advance payments. 

Competition 

We operate in highly competitive markets that are sensitive to
technological advances. Many of our competitors in each of our markets are larger than we are and can maintain higher levels of expenditures for research and development. In each of our markets we concentrate on the opportunities that our management
believes are compatible with our resources, overall technological capabilities and objectives. Principal competitive factors in these markets are product quality and reliability; technological capabilities; service; past performance; ability to
develop and implement complex, integrated solutions; ability to meet delivery schedules; the effectiveness of third-party sales channels in international markets; and cost-effectiveness. Within the IT services market, there is intense competition
among many companies. The ability to compete in the IT services market depends on a number of factors, including the capability to deploy skilled professionals at competitive prices across the diverse spectrum of the IT services market. 

In the RF Communications segment, principal competitors include European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company N.V. (“EADS”),
General Dynamics, Exelis Inc., Motorola Solutions, Raytheon, Rohde & Schwarz, Tadiran and Thales. 

In the Integrated
Network Solutions segment, principal competitors include Astrium, CACI, Computer Sciences Corporation, General Dynamics, Globecomm, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Inmarsat, Lockheed Martin, ManTech, NCI Information Systems, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon,
RigNet, SAIC and The Advisory Board Company, as well as other smaller companies and divisions of large companies. 

In the
Government Communications Systems segment, principal competitors include BAE Systems, Boeing, General Dynamics, L-3 Communications, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Exelis Inc. and Rockwell
Collins. We frequently “partner” or are involved in subcontracting and teaming relationships with companies that are, from time to time, competitors on other programs. 

Principal Customers; Government Contracts 

The percentage of our revenue
that was derived from sales to U.S. Government customers, including the DoD and intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as foreign military sales funded through the U.S. Government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was
approximately 67 percent in fiscal 2013 compared with approximately 70 percent in fiscal 2012 and 78 percent in fiscal 2011. No other customer accounted for more than 4 percent of our revenue in fiscal 2013. Additional information
regarding customers for each of our segments is provided under “Item 1. Business — Description of Business by Segment” of this Report. Our U.S. Government sales are predominantly derived from contracts with agencies of,
and prime contractors to, the U.S. Government. Most of the sales in our Government Communications Systems segment and with respect to U.S. Government programs in our Integrated Network Solutions segment are made directly or indirectly to the
U.S. Government under contracts or subcontracts containing standard government contract clauses providing for redetermination of profits, if applicable, and for termination for the convenience of the U.S. Government or for default based on
performance. 

11 

Table of Contents

Our U.S. Government contracts and subcontracts include both cost-reimbursable and
fixed-price contracts. Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts (“GWACs”) and IDIQ contracts, which can include task orders for each contract type, require us to compete both for the initial contract and then for individual task or delivery
orders under such contracts. 

Our U.S. Government cost-reimbursable contracts provide for the reimbursement of allowable costs
plus payment of a fee and fall into three basic types: (i) cost-plus fixed-fee contracts, which provide for payment of a fixed fee irrespective of the final cost of performance; (ii) cost-plus incentive-fee contracts, which provide for
payment of a fee that may increase or decrease, within specified limits, based on actual results compared with contractual targets relating to factors such as cost, performance and delivery schedule; and (iii) cost-plus award-fee contracts,
which provide for payment of an award fee determined at the customer’s discretion based on the contractor’s performance against pre-established performance criteria. Under our U.S. Government cost-reimbursable contracts, we are reimbursed
periodically for allowable costs and are paid a portion of the fee based on contract progress. Some overhead costs have been made partially or wholly unallowable for reimbursement by statute or regulation. Examples are certain merger and acquisition
costs, lobbying costs, charitable contributions and certain litigation defense costs. 

Our U.S. Government fixed-price
contracts are either firm fixed-price contracts or fixed-price incentive contracts. Under our U.S. Government firm fixed-price contracts, we agree to perform a specific scope of work for a fixed price and, as a result, benefit from cost savings and
carry the burden of cost overruns. Under our U.S. Government fixed-price incentive contracts, we share with the U.S. Government both savings accrued for performance at less than target cost as well as costs incurred in excess of target cost up
to a negotiated ceiling price (which is higher than the target cost), but carry the entire burden of costs exceeding the negotiated ceiling price. Accordingly, under such incentive contracts, profit may also be adjusted up or down depending on
whether specified performance objectives are met. Under our U.S. Government firm fixed-price and fixed-price incentive contracts, we usually receive either milestone payments equaling 100 percent of the contract price or monthly progress
payments from the U.S. Government in amounts equaling 80 percent of costs incurred under the contract. The remaining amounts, including profits or incentive fees, are billed upon delivery and final acceptance of end items and deliverables
under the contract. Our U.S. Government fixed-price contracts generally have higher profit margins than our U.S. Government cost-reimbursable contracts. Our production contracts are mainly fixed-price contracts, and development contracts are
generally cost-reimbursable contracts. 

As stated above, U.S. Government contracts are terminable for the convenience of
the U.S. Government, as well as for default based on performance. Companies supplying goods and services to the U.S. Government are dependent on Congressional appropriations and administrative allotment of funds and may be affected by
changes in U.S. Government policies resulting from various military, political, economic and international developments. Long-term U.S. Government contracts and related orders are subject to cancellation if appropriations for subsequent
performance periods become unavailable. Under contracts terminable for the convenience of the U.S. Government, a contractor is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs and, in general, the proportionate share of fees or earnings for
the work done. Contracts that are terminable for default generally provide that the U.S. Government pays only for the work it has accepted and may require the contractor to pay for the incremental cost of reprocurement and may hold the
contractor liable for damages. In many cases, there is also uncertainty relating to the complexity of designs, necessity for design improvements and difficulty in forecasting costs and schedules when bidding on developmental and highly sophisticated
technical work. Under many U.S. Government contracts, we are required to maintain facility and personnel security clearances complying with DoD and other Federal agency requirements. For further discussion of risks relating to
U.S. Government contracts, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” of this Report. 

Funded and Unfunded Backlog 

Our total Company-wide funded and unfunded backlog was approximately $6,789 million at the end of fiscal 2013 compared with approximately $6,993 million at the end of fiscal 2012 and
$7,523 million at the end of fiscal 2011. The funded portion of this backlog was approximately $3,179 million at the end of fiscal 2013 compared with approximately $3,056 million at the end of fiscal 2012 and $3,035 million at the end
of fiscal 2011. The determination of backlog involves substantial estimating, particularly with respect to customer requirements contracts and development and production contracts of a cost-reimbursable or incentive nature. 

We define funded backlog as unfilled firm orders for products and services for which funding has been authorized and, in the case of
U.S. Government agencies, appropriated. We define unfunded backlog as primarily unfilled firm contract value for which funding has not yet been authorized or, in the case of U.S. Government agencies, appropriated, including the value of
contract options in cases of material contracts that have options we believe are probable of being exercised. We do not include potential task or delivery orders under IDIQ contracts in our backlog.

12 

Table of Contents

In fiscal 2014, we expect to fill approximately 66 percent of our total funded backlog as of June 28, 2013. However, we can give no assurance of such fulfillment or that our funded
backlog will become revenue in any particular period, if at all. Backlog is subject to delivery delays and program cancellations, which are beyond our control. Additional information with regard to the backlog of each of our segments is provided
under “Item 1. Business — Description of Business by Segment” of this Report. 

Research and Development

Research and development expenditures totaled approximately $979 million in fiscal 2013, $914 million in fiscal 2012
and $887 million in fiscal 2011. Company-sponsored research and development costs, which included research and development for commercial products and services and independent research and development related to government products and
services, as well as concept formulation studies and bid and proposal efforts, were approximately $254 million in fiscal 2013 (including an approximately $18 million write-off of capitalized software in our Integrated Network Solutions segment),
$219 million in fiscal 2012 and $240 million in fiscal 2011. A portion of our independent research and development costs are allocated among contracts and programs in process under U.S. Government contractual arrangements.
Company-sponsored research and development costs not otherwise allocable are charged to expense when incurred. The portion of total research and development expenditures that was not Company-sponsored — principally funded by the
U.S. Government and included in our revenue and cost of product sales and services — was $725 million in fiscal 2013, $695 million in fiscal 2012 and $647 million in fiscal 2011. Company-sponsored research is directed to the
development of new products and services and to building technological capability in selected communications and electronic systems markets. U.S. Government-funded research helps strengthen and broaden our technical capabilities. All of our
segments maintain their own engineering and new product development departments, with scientific assistance provided by advanced-technology departments. As of June 28, 2013, we employed approximately 6,000 engineers and scientists and are
continuing efforts to make the technologies developed in any of our business segments available for all other business segments. 

Patents
and Other Intellectual Property 

We consider our patents and other intellectual property, in the aggregate, to constitute
an important asset. We own a large and valuable portfolio of patents, trade secrets, know-how, confidential information, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property, and we routinely apply for new patents, trademarks and copyrights. We
also license intellectual property to and from third parties. As of June 28, 2013, we held approximately 1,090 U.S. patents and 830 foreign patents, and had approximately 396 U.S. patent applications pending (and 747 foreign
patent applications pending). Unpatented research, development and engineering skills also make an important contribution to our business. While our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to our business and the operations of
our business segments, we do not consider our business or any business segment to be materially dependent upon any single patent, license or other intellectual property right, or any group of related patents, licenses or other intellectual property
rights. We are engaged in a proactive patent licensing program and have entered into a number of licenses and cross-license agreements, some of which generate royalty income. Although existing license agreements have generated income in past years
and may do so in the future, there can be no assurances we will enter into additional income-producing license agreements. From time to time we engage in litigation to protect our patents and other intellectual property. Any of our patents, trade
secrets, trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or may not provide competitive advantages. For further discussion of risks relating to intellectual property, see “Item 1A. Risk
Factors” of this Report. With regard to certain patents relating to our Government Communications Systems and RF Communications segments, the U.S. Government has an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license, pursuant to which the
U.S. Government may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by such patents. Pursuant to similar arrangements, the U.S. Government may consent to our use of inventions covered by patents owned by other persons. Numerous
trademarks used on or in connection with our products are also considered to be a valuable asset. 

Environmental and Other Regulations

Our facilities and operations are subject to numerous domestic and international laws and regulations designed to protect
the environment, particularly with regard to wastes and emissions. The applicable environmental laws and regulations are common within the industries and markets in which we operate and serve. We believe that we have complied with these requirements
and that such compliance has not had a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Based on currently available information, we do not expect expenditures over the next several years to protect the
environment and to comply with current environmental laws and regulations, as well as to comply with current and pending climate control legislation, regulation, treaties and accords, to have a material impact on our competitive position or
financial condition, but we can give no assurance that such expenditures will not exceed current expectations. If future treaties, laws and regulations contain more stringent requirements than

13 

Table of Contents

presently anticipated, actual expenditures may be higher than our present estimates of those expenditures. We have installed waste treatment facilities and pollution control equipment to satisfy
legal requirements and to achieve our waste minimization and prevention goals. We did not spend material amounts on environmental capital projects in fiscal 2013, fiscal 2012 or fiscal 2011. A portion of our environmental expenditures relates to
historic discontinued operations (other than CIS and Broadcast Communications) for which we have retained certain environmental liabilities. We currently expect that amounts to be spent for environmental-related capital projects will not be material
in fiscal 2014. These amounts may increase in future years. Additional information regarding environmental and regulatory matters is set forth in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” of this Report and in Note 1: Significant Accounting
Policies in the Notes. 

Electronic products are subject to governmental environmental regulation in a number of
jurisdictions, such as domestic and international requirements requiring end-of-life management and/or restricting materials in products delivered to customers, including the European Union’s Directive 2002/96/EC on Waste Electrical and
Electronic Equipment and Directive 2002/95/EC on the Restriction of the use of certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (“RoHS”), as amended. Other jurisdictions have adopted similar legislation. Such
requirements typically are not applicable to most equipment produced by our Government Communications Systems and RF Communications segments. We believe that we have complied with such rules and regulations, where applicable, with respect to our
existing products sold into such jurisdictions. We intend to comply with such rules and regulations with respect to our future products. 

Wireless communications (whether radio, satellite or telecommunications) are also subject to governmental regulation. Equipment produced in our Integrated Network Solutions and RF Communications segments,
in particular, is subject to domestic and international requirements to avoid interference among users of radio and television frequencies and to permit interconnection of telecommunications equipment. Additionally, we hold licenses for our managed
satellite and terrestrial communications solutions market for very small aperture terminals and satellite earth stations, which authorize operation of networks and teleports. We are also required to comply with technical operating and licensing
requirements that pertain to our wireless licenses and operations. We believe that we have complied with such rules and regulations and licenses with respect to our existing products and services, and we intend to comply with such rules and
regulations and licenses with respect to our future products and services. Governmental reallocation of the frequency spectrum also could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Raw Materials and Supplies 

Because of the diversity of our products and services, as well as the wide geographic dispersion of our facilities, we use numerous sources for the wide array of raw materials (such as electronic
components, printed circuit boards, metals and plastics) needed for our operations and for our products. We are dependent upon suppliers and subcontractors for a large number of components and subsystems and the ability of our suppliers and
subcontractors to adhere to customer or regulatory materials restrictions and to meet performance and quality specifications and delivery schedules. In some instances, we are dependent upon one or a few sources, either because of the specialized
nature of a particular item or because of local content preference requirements pursuant to which we operate on a given project. While we have been affected by financial and performance issues of some of our suppliers and subcontractors, we have not
been materially adversely affected by the inability to obtain raw materials or products. On occasion, we have experienced component shortages from vendors as a result of natural disasters, or the RoHS environmental regulations in the European Union
or similar regulations in other jurisdictions. These events or regulations may cause a spike in demand for certain electronic components (such as lead-free components), resulting in industry-wide supply chain shortages. To date, these component
shortages have not had a material adverse effect on our business. For further discussion of risks relating to subcontractors and suppliers, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Report. 

Seasonality 

We do not
consider any material portion of our business to be seasonal. Various factors can affect the distribution of our revenue between accounting periods, including the timing of contract awards and the timing and availability of U.S. Government
funding, as well as the timing of product deliveries and customer acceptance. 

Employees 

We had approximately 14,000 employees at the end of fiscal 2013. Approximately 91 percent of our employees as of the end of fiscal
2013 were located in the U.S. A significant number of our employees possess a U.S. Government security clearance. We also utilize a number of independent contractors. None of our employees in the U.S. is represented by a labor union. In certain
international subsidiaries, our employees are represented by workers’ councils or statutory labor unions. In general, we believe that our relations with our employees are good. 

14 

Table of Contents

Website Access to Harris Reports; Available Information 

General.    We maintain an Internet website at 
http://harris.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably
practicable after these reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). We also will provide the reports in electronic or paper form free of charge upon request. We also make
available free of charge on our website our annual report to shareholders and proxy statement. Our website and the information posted thereon are not incorporated into this Report or any current or other periodic report that we file with or furnish
to the SEC. All reports we file with or furnish to the SEC also are available free of charge via the SEC’s electronic data gathering and retrieval, or EDGAR, system available through the SEC’s website at 
http://www.sec.gov.

Additional information relating to our business, including our business segments, is set forth in “Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Report. 

Corporate
Governance Principles and Committee Charters.    We previously adopted Corporate Governance Principles, which are available on the Corporate Governance section of our website at
 http://harris.com/corporate_governance/.
In addition, the charters of each of the standing committees of our Board, namely, the Audit Committee, Business Conduct and Corporate Responsibility Committee, Corporate Governance Committee, Finance Committee and Management Development and
Compensation Committee, are also available on the Corporate Governance section of our website. A copy of the charters is also available free of charge upon written request to our Secretary at Harris Corporation, 1025 West NASA Boulevard,
Melbourne, Florida 32919. 

Certifications.    We have filed with the SEC the certifications required
by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as exhibits to this Report. In addition, an annual CEO certification was submitted by our Chief Executive Officer to the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) in November 2012 in accordance
with the NYSE’s listing standards, which included a certification that he was not aware of any violation by Harris of the NYSE’s corporate governance listing standards. 

. 

We have described many of the trends and other factors that we believe could impact our business and future results in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” of this Report. In addition, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to, and could be materially adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties, including, without
limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or our anticipated future results. 

We depend on U.S. Government customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of this relationship or a shift in U.S. Government funding priorities could have an adverse impact on
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are highly dependent on sales to
U.S. Government customers. The percentage of our revenue that was derived from sales to U.S. Government customers, including the DoD and intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as foreign military sales funded through the
U.S. Government, whether directly or through prime contractors, was approximately 67 percent in fiscal 2013, 70 percent in fiscal 2012 and 78 percent in fiscal 2011. Therefore, any significant disruption or deterioration of our
relationship with the U.S. Government would significantly reduce our revenue. Our competitors continuously engage in efforts to expand their business relationships with the U.S. Government and will continue these efforts in the future, and
the U.S. Government may choose to use other contractors. We expect that a majority of the business that we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through competitive bidding. The U.S. Government has increasingly relied on certain
types of contracts that are subject to a competitive bidding process, including IDIQ, GWAC, General Services Administration Schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. We
operate in highly competitive markets and our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas, and we may not be able to continue to win competitively awarded
contracts or to obtain task orders under multi-award contracts. Further, the competitive bidding process involves significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us, as well as the risk
that we may fail to accurately estimate the resources and costs required to fulfill any contract awarded to us. Following any contract award, we may experience significant expense or delay, contract modification or contract rescission as a result of
our competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded to us in competitive bidding. Our U.S. Government programs must compete with programs managed by other government contractors and with other policy imperatives for consideration for
limited resources and for uncertain levels of funding during the budget and appropriation process. Budget and appropriations decisions made by the U.S. Government are outside of our control and have long-term consequences for our business.

15 

Table of Contents

U.S. Government spending priorities and DoD spending levels are becoming increasingly uncertain and difficult to predict and are affected by numerous factors, including sequestration (automatic,
across-the-board U.S. Government budgetary spending cuts) and its impact on the DoD budget and other programs and whether it will be superseded by alternate arrangements. A shift in U.S. Government spending priorities or an increase in
non-procurement spending at the expense of our programs (for example, through “in-sourcing”), or a reduction in total U.S. Government spending, could have material adverse consequences on our future business. For more information
regarding sequestration, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Business Considerations — Industry-Wide Opportunities, Challenges and Risks”
of this Report. 

We depend significantly on U.S. Government contracts, which often are only partially funded, subject to immediate
termination, and heavily regulated and audited. The termination or failure to fund, or negative audit findings for, one or more of these contracts could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

Over its lifetime, a U.S. Government program may be implemented by the award of many different individual
contracts and subcontracts. The funding of U.S. Government programs is subject to Congressional appropriations. Although multi-year contracts may be authorized and appropriated in connection with major procurements, Congress generally
appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis. Procurement funds are typically made available for obligation over the course of three years. Consequently, programs often receive only partial funding initially, and additional funds are obligated only as
Congress authorizes further appropriations. The termination of funding for a U.S. Government program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our operations. In
addition, the termination of a program or the failure to commit additional funds to a program that already has been started could result in lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business. 

Generally, U.S. Government contracts are subject to oversight audits by U.S. Government representatives. Such audits could
result in adjustments to our contract costs. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed must be refunded. We have recorded contract revenues based upon costs we expect
to realize upon final audit. However, we do not know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments and we may be required to materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit findings could
also result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. 

In addition, U.S. Government contracts generally contain provisions permitting termination, in whole or in part, without prior notice
at the U.S. Government’s convenience upon the payment only for work done and commitments made at the time of termination. We can give no assurance that one or more of our U.S. Government contracts will not be terminated under these
circumstances. Also, we can give no assurance that we would be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of our U.S. Government contracts. Because a significant portion of our revenue is
dependent on our performance and payment under our U.S. Government contracts, the loss of one or more large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our government business also is subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of socio-economic and other requirements. These
requirements, although customary in U.S. Government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. These costs might increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to comply with these regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties, repayments, or compensatory or treble damages, or suspension or debarment from U.S. Government
contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws, including those related to procurement integrity, export control, U.S. Government security regulations, employment practices,
protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs and foreign corruption. The termination of a U.S. Government contract or relationship as a result of any of these acts would have an adverse impact on our operations
and could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for future U.S. Government contracts. 

We could be negatively
impacted by a security breach, through cyber attack, cyber intrusion or otherwise, or other significant disruption of our IT networks and related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers. 

We face the risk, as does any company, of a security breach, whether through cyber attack or cyber intrusion over the Internet, malware,
computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, or other significant disruption of our IT networks and related systems. We face an added risk of a security breach
or other significant disruption of the IT networks and related systems that we develop, 

16 

Table of Contents

install, operate and maintain for certain of our customers, which may involve managing and protecting information relating to national security and other sensitive government functions or
personally identifiable or protected health information. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has increased as the
number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. As a communications and IT company, and particularly as a government contractor, we face a heightened risk of a security breach or
disruption from threats to gain unauthorized access to our and our customers’ proprietary or classified information on our IT networks and related systems and to the IT networks and related systems that we operate and maintain for certain
of our customers. These types of information and IT networks and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations, and, in some cases, are critical to the operations of
certain of our customers. Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach
or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and
facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cyber attacks and intrusions, or disruptions will occur in the future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are constantly evolving and generally
are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. In some cases, the resources of foreign governments may be behind such attacks. Accordingly, we may be unable to
anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. A security breach or other significant disruption involving these types
of information and IT networks and related systems could: 

Ÿ

 Disrupt the proper functioning of these networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our customers;

Ÿ

 Result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise
valuable information of ours or our customers, including trade secrets, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 

Ÿ

 Compromise national security and other sensitive government functions; 

Ÿ

 Require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; 

Ÿ

 Subject us to claims for contract breach, damages, credits, penalties or termination; and 

Ÿ

 Damage our reputation with our customers (particularly agencies of the U.S. Government) and the public generally. 

Any or all of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. 

We enter into fixed-price contracts that could subject us to losses in the event of cost overruns or a significant increase in inflation.

We have a number of fixed-price contracts, which allow us to benefit from cost savings, but subject us to the risk of
potential cost overruns, particularly for firm fixed-price contracts because we assume all of the cost burden. If our initial estimates are incorrect, we can lose money on these contracts. U.S. Government contracts can expose us to potentially
large losses because the U.S. Government can hold us responsible for completing a project or, in certain circumstances, paying the entire cost of its replacement by another provider regardless of the size or foreseeability of any cost overruns
that occur over the life of the contract. Because many of these contracts involve new technologies and applications and can last for years, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, problems
with our suppliers and cost overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. The U.S. and other countries also may experience a significant increase in inflation. A significant increase in
inflation rates could have a significant adverse impact on the profitability of these contracts. Furthermore, if we do not meet contract deadlines or specifications, we may need to renegotiate contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay
penalties or liquidated damages or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate. In addition, some of our contracts have provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and if we fail to meet the terms specified in
those contracts we may not realize their full benefits. Our results of operations are dependent on our ability to maximize our earnings from our contracts. Cost overruns could have an adverse impact on our financial results. The potential impact of
such risk on our financial results would increase if the mix of our contracts and programs shifted toward a greater percentage of fixed-price contracts, particularly firm fixed-price contracts. 

17 

Table of Contents

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from international operations and are subject to the
risks of doing business internationally, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

We are dependent on sales
to customers outside the U.S. The percentage of our total revenue represented by revenue from products and services exported from the U.S. (including foreign military sales) or manufactured or rendered abroad was 26 percent in fiscal 2013,
24 percent in fiscal 2012 and 19 percent in fiscal 2011. Approximately 32 percent of our international business in fiscal 2013 was transacted in local currency. Losses resulting from currency rate fluctuations can adversely affect our
results. We expect that international revenue will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenue. Also, a significant portion of our international revenue is from, and an increasing portion of our business activity is being
conducted in, less-developed countries. We are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including: 

Ÿ

 Currency exchange controls, fluctuations of currency and currency revaluations; 

Ÿ

 The laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments relating to investments and operations, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of
U.S. companies abroad, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”); 

Ÿ

 Changes in regulatory requirements, including business or operating license requirements, imposition of tariffs or embargoes, export controls and other
trade restrictions; 

Ÿ

 Uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding, credit or guarantees; 

Ÿ

 The complexity and necessity of using, and disruptions involving our, international dealers, distributors, sales representatives and consultants;

Ÿ

 The difficulties of managing a geographically dispersed organization and culturally diverse workforces, including compliance with local laws and
practices; 

Ÿ

 Difficulties associated with repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner and changes in tax laws;

Ÿ

 Import and export licensing requirements and regulations, as well as unforeseen changes in export regulations; 

Ÿ

 Uncertainties as to local laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights and occasional requirements for onerous contract
clauses; and 

Ÿ

 Rapid changes in government, economic and political policies, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of international boycotts or
U.S. anti-boycott legislation. 

Our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct
of our employees, agents or business partners. 

We have implemented compliance controls, policies and procedures
designed to prevent reckless or criminal acts from being committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing payments to government officials (such as
the FCPA), and to detect any such reckless or criminal acts committed. We cannot ensure, however, that our controls, policies and procedures will prevent or detect all such reckless or criminal acts. If not prevented, such reckless or criminal acts
could subject us to civil or criminal investigations and monetary and non-monetary penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business, our results of operations and our reputation. 

We may not be successful in obtaining the necessary export licenses to conduct certain operations abroad, and Congress may prevent proposed sales
to certain foreign governments. 

We must first obtain export and other licenses and authorizations from various
U.S. Government agencies before we are permitted to sell certain products and technologies outside of the U.S. For example, the U.S. Department of State must notify Congress at least 15 to 60 days, depending on the size and location
of the proposed sale, prior to authorizing certain sales of defense equipment and services to foreign governments. During that time, Congress may take action to block the proposed sale. We can give no assurance that we will continue to be successful
in obtaining the necessary licenses or authorizations or that Congress will not prevent or delay certain sales. Any significant impairment of our ability to sell products or technologies outside of the U.S. could negatively impact our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The continued effects of the general weakness in the global economy and the
U.S. Government’s budget deficits and national debt and sequestration could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The economies of the U.S. and many foreign countries in which we do business continue to show weakness or limited improvement. We are
unable to predict the impact, severity and duration of these economic events. The continued effects of these economic events and the U.S. Government’s budget deficits and national debt and sequestration could have an adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways. Possible effects of these economic conditions include the following: 

Ÿ

 The U.S. Government could reduce or delay its spending on, or reprioritize its spending away from, the government programs in which we
participate; 

18 

Table of Contents

Ÿ

 The U.S. Government may be unable to complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year on September 30 and thus would be required
either to shut down or be funded pursuant to a “continuing resolution” that authorizes agencies of the U.S. Government to continue operations but does not authorize new spending initiatives, either of which could result in reduced or
delayed orders or payments for products and services we provide. Although this historically has not had a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, if the U.S. Government budget process results in a
shutdown or prolonged operation under a continuing resolution, it may decrease our revenue, profitability or cash flows or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations;

Ÿ

 Sequestration and its impact on the DoD budget and other programs and whether it will be superseded by alternate arrangements are increasing the
uncertainty as to, and the difficulty in predicting, U.S. Government spending priorities and DoD spending levels; 

Ÿ

 We may experience declines in revenue, profitability and cash flows as a result of reduced or delayed orders or payments or other factors caused by the
economic problems of our customers and prospective customers (including U.S. Federal, state and local governments); 

Ÿ

 We may experience supply chain delays, disruptions or other problems associated with financial constraints faced by our suppliers and
subcontractors; and 

Ÿ

 We may incur increased costs or experience difficulty with future borrowings under our commercial paper program or credit facilities or in the debt
markets, or otherwise with financing our operating, investing (including any future acquisitions) or financing activities. 

Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products, systems, services and technologies that achieve market acceptance in our
current and future markets. 

Both our commercial and government businesses are characterized by rapidly changing
technologies and evolving industry standards. Accordingly, our performance depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: 

Ÿ

 Identify emerging technological trends in our current and target markets; 

Ÿ

 Develop and maintain competitive products, systems and services; 

Ÿ

 Enhance our offerings by adding innovative hardware, software or other features that differentiate our products, systems and services from those of our
competitors; and 

Ÿ

 Develop, manufacture and bring to market cost-effective offerings quickly. 

We believe that, in order to remain competitive in the future, we will need to continue to develop new products, systems, services and
technologies, requiring the investment of significant financial resources. The need to make these expenditures could divert our attention and resources from other projects, and we cannot be sure that these expenditures ultimately will lead to the
timely development of new products, systems, services or technologies. Due to the design complexity of some of our products, systems, services and technologies, we may experience delays in completing development and introducing new products,
systems, services or technologies in the future. Any delays could result in increased costs of development or redirect resources from other projects. In addition, we cannot provide assurances that the markets for our products, systems, services or
technologies will develop as we currently anticipate. The failure of our products, systems, services or technologies to gain market acceptance could significantly reduce our revenue and harm our business. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our
competitors will not develop competing products, systems, services or technologies that gain market acceptance in advance of our products, systems, services or technologies, or that our competitors will not develop new products, systems, services or
technologies that cause our existing products, systems, services or technologies to become non-competitive or obsolete, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The future direction of the domestic and global economies, including its
impact on customer demand, also will have a significant impact on our overall performance. 

We participate in markets that are often
subject to uncertain economic conditions, which makes it difficult to estimate growth in our markets and, as a result, future income and expenditures. 

We participate in U.S. and international markets that are subject to uncertain economic conditions. In particular, U.S. Government spending priorities and DoD spending levels are becoming
increasingly uncertain and difficult to predict and are affected by numerous factors, including sequestration and its impact on the DoD budget and other programs and whether it will be superseded by alternate arrangements. As a result, it is
difficult to estimate the level of growth in the markets in which we participate. Because all components of our budgeting and forecasting are dependent upon estimates of growth in the markets we serve, the uncertainty renders estimates of or
guidance relating to future revenue, income and expenditures even more difficult. As a result, we may make significant investments and expenditures but never realize the anticipated benefits. 

19 

Table of Contents

We cannot predict the consequences of future geo-political events, but they may adversely affect the
markets in which we operate, our ability to insure against risks, our operations or our profitability. 

Ongoing
instability and current conflicts in the Middle East and Asia and the potential for further conflicts and future terrorist activities and other recent geo-political events throughout the world have created economic and political uncertainties that
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and profitability. These matters cause uncertainty in the world’s financial and insurance markets and may significantly increase the political, economic and social instability in
the geographic areas in which we operate. These matters also have caused the premiums charged for our insurance coverages to increase and may cause further increases or some coverages to be unavailable altogether. 

We have made, and may continue to make, strategic acquisitions and divestitures that involve significant risks and uncertainties.

We have made, and we may continue to make, strategic acquisitions and divestitures that involve significant risks and
uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include: 

Ÿ

 Difficulty in identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions, including the risk that our due diligence does not identify or fully assess valuation
issues, potential liabilities or other acquisition risks; 

Ÿ

 Difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations, including combining product and service offerings, and in entering into new markets
in which we are not experienced, in an efficient and cost-effective manner while maintaining adequate standards, controls and procedures, and the risk that we encounter significant unanticipated costs or other problems associated with integration;

Ÿ

 Difficulty in consolidating and rationalizing IT infrastructure, which may include multiple legacy systems from various acquisitions and integrating
software code; 

Ÿ

 Challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits expected from acquisitions; 

Ÿ

 Risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the strategic acquisitions and divestitures do not prove to be those needed to be
successful in those markets; 

Ÿ

 Risk that we assume significant liabilities that exceed the limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the financial resources of any
indemnifying parties; 

Ÿ

 Potential loss of key employees or customers of the businesses acquired or to be divested; 

Ÿ

 Risk that we are not able to complete strategic divestitures on satisfactory terms and conditions or within expected timeframes; and

Ÿ

 Risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our existing operations. 

Disputes with our subcontractors and the inability of our subcontractors to perform, or our key suppliers to timely deliver our components, parts
or services, could cause our products or services to be produced or delivered in an untimely or unsatisfactory manner. 

We engage subcontractors on many of our contracts. We may have disputes with our subcontractors, including regarding the quality and
timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontract, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of the personnel of a subcontractor or vice versa or the
subcontractor’s failure to comply with applicable law. In addition, there are certain parts, components and services for many of our products and services which we source from other manufacturers or vendors. Some of our suppliers, from time to
time, experience financial and operational difficulties, which may impact their ability to supply the materials, components, subsystems and services that we require. Our supply chain could also be disrupted by external events, such as natural
disasters or other significant disruptions (including extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, acts of terrorism, cyber attacks and labor disputes), governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes (including product certification or
stewardship requirements, sourcing restrictions, product authenticity and climate change or greenhouse gas emission standards). Any inability to develop alternative sources of supply on a cost-effective and timely basis could materially impair our
ability to manufacture and deliver products and services to our customers. We can give no assurances that we will be free from disputes with our subcontractors, material supply problems or component, subsystems or services problems in the future.
Also, our subcontractors and other suppliers may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, which might result in greater product returns, service problems and warranty claims
and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Third parties have claimed in the past and may
claim in the future that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their intellectual property rights, and third parties may infringe upon our intellectual property rights. 

Many of the markets we serve are characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which often has
resulted in protracted and expensive litigation. Third parties have claimed in the past and may claim in 

20 

Table of Contents

the future that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing or to have infringed directly or indirectly upon those
intellectual property rights. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly royalty or license agreements. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain royalty or license agreements on terms acceptable to us, or
at all. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain of our products, services and solutions. Our success depends in large part on our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of
patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. If we fail to successfully protect and enforce these rights, our competitive
position could suffer. Our pending patent and trademark registration applications may not be allowed, or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents or trademark registrations. In addition, our patents may not provide us a
significant competitive advantage. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and police our intellectual property rights. We may not be able to detect infringement and our competitive position may be harmed before we do so. In
addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies. 

The outcome of litigation or arbitration in
which we are involved is unpredictable and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

From time to time, we are defendants in a number of litigation matters and are involved in a number of arbitrations. These actions may
divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. No assurances can be given that the results of these or new matters will be favorable to us. An adverse resolution of lawsuits or arbitrations could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We face certain significant risk
exposures and potential liabilities that may not be covered adequately by insurance or indemnity. 

We are exposed to
liabilities that are unique to the products and services we provide. A significant portion of our business relates to designing, developing and manufacturing advanced defense, technology and communications systems and products. New technologies
associated with these systems and products may be untested or unproven. Components of certain of the defense systems and products we develop are inherently dangerous. Failures of satellites, missile systems, air traffic control systems, homeland
security applications and aircraft have the potential to cause loss of life and extensive property damage. In most circumstances, we may receive indemnification from the U.S. Government. While we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount
of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs from an accident or incident. It also is not possible for us to obtain insurance to protect against all operational
risks and liabilities. Substantial claims resulting from an incident in excess of U.S. Government indemnity and our insurance coverage would harm our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, any accident or incident
for which we are liable, even if fully insured, could negatively affect our standing with our customers and the public, thereby making it more difficult for us to compete effectively, and could significantly impact the cost and availability of
adequate insurance in the future. 

Changes in our effective tax rate may have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

Our future effective tax rate may be adversely affected by a number of factors including: 

Ÿ

 The jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed; 

Ÿ

 Adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; 

Ÿ

 Increases in expenses not fully deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired in-process research and development and impairment of
goodwill or other long-term assets in connection with acquisitions; 

Ÿ

 Changes in available tax credits; 

Ÿ

 Changes in share-based compensation expense; 

Ÿ

 Changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

Ÿ

 Changes in domestic or international tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws; and 

Ÿ

 The resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities. 

Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could adversely impact our results of operations for future periods.

We have significant operations in locations that could be materially and adversely impacted in the event of a natural disaster or other
significant disruption. 

Our corporate headquarters and significant operations of our Government Communications Systems
segment are located in Florida and significant operations of our Integrated Network Solutions segment are located in Houston, 

21 

Table of Contents

Texas, which areas are subject to the risk of major hurricanes. Our worldwide operations and operations of our suppliers could be subject to natural disasters or other significant disruptions,
including hurricanes, typhoons, tsunamis, floods, earthquakes, fires, water shortages, other extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, acts of terrorism, power shortages and blackouts, telecommunications failures, cyber attacks and other
natural and manmade disasters or disruptions. In the event of such a natural disaster or other disruption, we could experience disruptions or interruptions to our operations or the operations of our suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers
or customers; destruction of facilities; and/or loss of life, all of which could materially increase our costs and expenses and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Changes in the regulatory framework under which our managed satellite and terrestrial communications solutions operations are operated could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our domestic satellite and
terrestrial communications solutions are currently provided on a private carrier basis and are therefore subject to lighter regulation by the Federal Communications Commission and other Federal, state and local agencies than if provided on a common
carrier basis. Our international satellite and terrestrial communications solutions operations are regulated by governments of various countries other than the U.S. and by other international authorities. The regulatory regimes applicable to our
international satellite and terrestrial communications solutions operations frequently require that we obtain and maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our operations in accordance with prescribed standards. Compliance with such
requirements may inhibit our ability to quickly expand our operations into new countries, including in circumstances in which such expansion is required in order to provide uninterrupted service to existing customers with mobile operations as they
move to new locations on short notice. Failure to comply with such regulatory requirements could subject us to various penalties or sanctions. The adoption of new laws or regulations, changes to the existing domestic or international regulatory
framework, new interpretations of the laws that apply to our operations, or the loss of, or a material limitation on, any of our material licenses could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We rely on third parties to provide satellite bandwidth for our managed satellite and terrestrial communications solutions, and any
bandwidth constraints could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In our
managed satellite and terrestrial communications solutions operations, we compete for satellite bandwidth with other commercial entities, such as other satellite communications services providers and broadcasting companies, and with governmental
entities, such as the military. In certain markets and at certain times, satellite bandwidth may be limited and/or pricing of satellite bandwidth could be subject to competitive pressure. In such cases, we may be unable to secure sufficient
bandwidth needed to provide our managed satellite communications services, either at favorable rates or at all. This inability could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Changes in future business or other market conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill or other long-term assets to become
impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would reduce our results of operations. 

As part of our
overall strategy, we will, from time to time, acquire a minority or majority interest in a business. These investments are made upon careful analysis and due diligence procedures designed to achieve a desired return or strategic objective. These
procedures often involve certain assumptions and judgment in determining acquisition price. After acquisition, unforeseen issues could arise which adversely affect the anticipated returns or which are otherwise not recoverable as an adjustment to
the purchase price. Even after careful integration efforts, actual operating results may vary significantly from initial estimates. Goodwill accounted for approximately 35 percent of our recorded total assets as of June 28, 2013. We
evaluate the recoverability of recorded goodwill annually, as well as when we change reportable segments and when events or circumstances indicate there may be an impairment. The annual impairment test is based on several factors requiring judgment.
Principally, a decrease in expected reportable segment cash flows or changes in market conditions may indicate potential impairment of recorded goodwill. For additional information on accounting policies we have in place for impairment of goodwill,
see our discussion under “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Report and Note 1: Significant
Accounting Policies and 
Note 3: Discontinued Operations in the Notes. 

We must attract and retain key employees, and
failure to do so could seriously harm us. 

Our business has a continuing need to attract and retain significant numbers
of skilled personnel, including personnel holding security clearances, to support our growth and to replace individuals whose employment has terminated due to retirement or for other reasons. To the extent that the demand for qualified personnel
exceeds supply, 

22 

Table of Contents

as has been the case from time to time in recent years, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees, or could experience
difficulties in performing under our contracts if our needs for such employees were unmet.