” and “Item 3. Legal
 Proceedings” of this Report.

 International
 Business

 Revenue from products exported from the United States (including
 foreign military sales) or manufactured abroad was
 $1,016.6 million (20 percent of our total revenue) in
 fiscal 2009 compared with $759.7 million (17 percent
 of our total revenue) in fiscal 2008 and $629.6 million
 (17 percent of our total revenue) in fiscal 2007. Our
 international sales include both direct exports from the United
 States and sales from foreign subsidiaries. Essentially all of
 the international sales are derived from the RF Communications
 and Broadcast Communications segments. Direct export sales are
 primarily denominated in U.S. Dollars, whereas sales from
 foreign subsidiaries are generally denominated in the local
 currency of the subsidiary. Exports from the United States,
 principally to Europe, Africa, Canada, Latin America, the Middle
 East and Asia, totaled $766.0 million (approximately
 75 percent of our international revenue) in fiscal 2009
 compared with $530.5 million (approximately 70 percent
 of our international revenue) in fiscal 2008 and
 $404.0 million (approximately 64 percent of our
 international revenue) in fiscal 2007. The percentage of revenue
 represented by foreign operations was 5 percent in fiscal
 2009 compared with 5 percent in fiscal 2008 and
 6 percent in fiscal 2007. The percentage of long-lived
 assets represented by foreign operations was 12 percent as
 of July 3, 2009 compared with 19 percent as of
 June 27, 2008 and 19 percent as of June 29, 2007.
 Financial information regarding our domestic and international
 operations is contained in Note 25: Business
 Segments in the Notes and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

 Our principal international manufacturing facilities are located
 in Canada and the United Kingdom. The majority of our
 international marketing activities are conducted through
 subsidiaries which operate in Canada, Europe, Central and South
 America, and Asia. We have also established international
 marketing organizations and several regional sales offices.
 Reference is made to Exhibit 21 “Subsidiaries of the
 Registrant” of this Report for further information
 regarding our international subsidiaries.

 We utilize indirect sales channels, including dealers,
 distributors and sales representatives, in the marketing and
 sale of some lines of products and equipment, both domestically
 and internationally. These independent representatives may buy
 for resale or, in some cases, solicit orders from commercial or
 governmental customers for direct sales by us. Prices to the
 ultimate customer in many instances may be recommended or
 established by the

 11

Table of Contents

 independent representative and may be above or below our list
 prices. Our dealers and distributors generally receive a
 discount from our list prices and may mark up those prices in
 setting the final sales prices paid by the customer. Revenue
 from indirect sales channels in fiscal 2009 represented
 11 percent of our total revenue and approximately
 55 percent of our international revenue, compared with
 revenue from indirect sales channels in fiscal 2008 representing
 7 percent of our total revenue and approximately
 44 percent of our international revenue, and revenue from
 indirect sales channels in fiscal 2007 representing
 8 percent of our total revenue and 40 percent of our
 international revenue.

 Fiscal 2009 international revenue came from a large number of
 countries, and no such single country accounted for more than
 3 percent of our total revenue. Some of our exports are
 paid for by letters of credit, with the balance carried either
 on an open account or installment note basis. Advance payments,
 progress payments or other similar payments received prior to or
 upon shipment often cover most of the related costs incurred.
 Significant foreign government contracts generally require us to
 provide performance guarantees. In order to stay competitive in
 international markets, we also sometimes enter into recourse and
 vendor financing arrangements to facilitate sales to certain
 customers.

 The particular economic, social and political conditions for
 business conducted outside the U.S. differ from those
 encountered by domestic businesses. Our management believes that
 the overall business risk for the international business as a
 whole is somewhat greater than that faced by our domestic
 operations as a whole. A description of the types of risks to
 which we are subject in international business is contained in
 “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Report.
 Nevertheless, in the opinion of our management, these risks are
 mitigated by the diversification of the international business
 and the protection provided by letters of credit and advance
 payments.

 Competition

 We operate in highly competitive markets that are sensitive to
 technological advances. Although successful product and systems
 development is not necessarily dependent on substantial
 financial resources, many of our competitors in each of our
 businesses are larger than we are and can maintain higher levels
 of expenditures for research and development. In each of our
 businesses we concentrate on the market opportunities that our
 management believes are compatible with our resources, overall
 technological capabilities and objectives. Principal competitive
 factors in these businesses are product quality and reliability;
 technological capabilities; service; past performance; ability
 to develop and implement complex, integrated solutions; ability
 to meet delivery schedules; the effectiveness of third-party
 sales channels in international markets; and cost-effectiveness.
 Within the IT services market, there is intense competition
 among many companies. The ability to compete in the IT services
 market depends on a number of factors, including the capability
 to deploy skilled professionals at competitive prices across the
 diverse spectrum of the IT services market.

 In the RF Communications segment, principal competitors include
 European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company N.V.
 (“EADS”), General Dynamics, ITT Industries, Motorola,
 Raytheon, Rohde & Schwarz, Selex, Tadiran and Thales.

 In the Government Communications Systems segment, principal
 competitors include Boeing, CACI, General Dynamics, GTSI, L-3
 Communications, Lockheed Martin, ManTech, NCI, Northrop Grumman,
 Raytheon, Rockwell Collins, SRA, Stanley and SAIC. Consolidation
 among U.S. defense and aerospace companies has resulted in
 a reduction in the number of principal prime contractors. As a
 result of this consolidation, we frequently “partner”
 or are involved in subcontracting and teaming relationships with
 companies that are, from time to time, competitors on other
 programs.

 In the Broadcast Communications segment, principal competitors
 include Avid, Broadcast Electronics, Chyron, Evertz, Harmonic,
 Miranda, Nautel, NEC, Omneon, Omnibus, Pilat Media,
 Rohde & Schwarz, Sony Broadcast, Tektronix, Thomson
 and Wide Orbit, as well as other smaller companies and divisions
 of large companies. We believe that our broad product offering
 and total content delivery solutions are key competitive
 strengths for this segment.

 Principal
 Customers; Government Contracts

 Sales to U.S. Government customers, including the DoD and
 intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as foreign military
 sales through the U.S. Government, whether directly or through
 prime contractors, were 79 percent of our total revenue in
 fiscal 2009 compared with 79 percent in fiscal 2008 and
 75 percent in fiscal 2007. No other customer accounted for
 more than 1 percent of our total revenue in fiscal 2009.
 Additional information regarding customers for each of our
 segments is provided under “Item 1.
 Business — Description of Business by Segment” of
 this Report. Our U.S. Government sales are predominantly
 derived from contracts with agencies of, and prime contractors
 to, the U.S. Government. Most of the sales of the
 Government Communications Systems segment are made directly or
 indirectly to the U.S. Government under contracts or
 subcontracts containing standard government contract clauses
 providing for redetermination of profits, if applicable, and for
 termination for the convenience of the U.S. Government or
 for default based upon performance.

 12

Table of Contents

 These U.S. Government contracts and subcontracts include
 both cost-reimbursement and fixed-price contracts. Our
 cost-reimbursement contracts provide for the reimbursement of
 allowable costs plus the payment of a fee. Our
 cost-reimbursement contracts fall into three basic types:
 (i) cost-plus fixed-fee contracts, which provide for the
 payment of a fixed fee irrespective of the final cost of
 performance; (ii) cost-plus incentive-fee contracts, which
 provide for increases or decreases in the fee, within specified
 limits, based upon actual results compared with contractual
 targets relating to factors such as cost, performance and
 delivery schedule; and (iii) cost-plus award-fee contracts,
 which provide for the payment of an award fee determined at the
 discretion of the customer based upon the performance of the
 contractor against pre-established performance criteria. Under
 cost-reimbursement contracts, we are reimbursed periodically for
 allowable costs and are paid a portion of the fee based on
 contract progress. Some overhead costs have been made partially
 or wholly unallowable for reimbursement by statute or
 regulation. Examples are certain merger and acquisition costs,
 lobbying costs, charitable contributions and certain litigation
 defense costs.

 Our fixed-price contracts are either firm fixed-price contracts
 or fixed-price incentive contracts. Under firm fixed-price
 contracts, we agree to perform a specific scope of work for a
 fixed price and, as a result, benefit from cost savings and
 carry the burden of cost overruns. Under fixed-price incentive
 contracts, we share with the U.S. Government both savings
 accrued from contracts performed for less than target costs as
 well as costs incurred in excess of targets up to a negotiated
 ceiling price (which is higher than the target cost), but carry
 the entire burden of costs exceeding the negotiated ceiling
 price. Accordingly, under such incentive contracts, profit may
 also be adjusted up or down depending upon whether specified
 performance objectives are met. Under firm fixed-price and
 fixed-price incentive contracts, we usually receive either
 milestone payments equaling 100 percent of the contract
 price or monthly progress payments from the U.S. Government
 in amounts equaling 80 percent of costs incurred under the
 contract. The remaining amounts, including profits or incentive
 fees, are billed upon delivery and final acceptance of end items
 and deliverables under the contract. Fixed-price contracts
 generally have higher profit margins than cost-reimbursement
 contracts. Production contracts are mainly fixed-price
 contracts, and development contracts are generally
 cost-reimbursement contracts.

 In fiscal 2009, fiscal 2008 and fiscal 2007, approximately
 36 percent, 35 percent and 33 percent,
 respectively, of the total combined revenue of our RF
 Communications and Government Communications Systems segments
 was from fixed-price contracts. GWAC and IDIQ contracts, which
 can include task orders for each contract type, require us to
 compete both for the initial contract and then for individual
 task or delivery orders under such contracts.

 As stated above, U.S. Government contracts are terminable
 for the convenience of the U.S. Government, as well as for
 default based on performance. Companies supplying goods and
 services to the U.S. Government are dependent on
 Congressional appropriations and administrative allotment of
 funds and may be affected by changes in U.S. Government
 policies resulting from various military, political and
 international developments. Long-term government contracts and
 related orders are subject to cancellation if appropriations for
 subsequent performance periods become unavailable. Under
 contracts terminable for the convenience of the
 U.S. Government, a contractor is entitled to receive
 payments for its allowable costs and, in general, the
 proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work done.
 Contracts that are terminable for default generally provide that
 the U.S. Government pays only for the work it has accepted
 and may require the contractor to pay for the incremental cost
 of reprocurement and may hold the contractor liable for damages.
 In many cases, there is also uncertainty relating to the
 complexity of designs, necessity for design improvements and
 difficulty in forecasting costs and schedules when bidding on
 developmental and highly sophisticated technical work. Under
 many U.S. Government contracts, we are required to maintain
 facility and personnel security clearances complying with DoD
 and other Federal agency requirements. For further discussion of
 risks relating to U.S. Government contracts, see
 “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 3.
 Legal Proceedings” of this Report.

 Funded
 and Unfunded Backlog

 Our total company-wide funded and unfunded backlog was
 approximately $6,317 million at July 3, 2009 compared
 with approximately $5,883 million at June 27, 2008 and
 $5,732 million at June 29, 2007. The funded portion of
 this backlog was approximately $1,567 million at
 July 3, 2009 compared with approximately
 $1,658 million at June 27, 2008 and
 $1,467 million at June 29, 2007. The determination of
 backlog involves substantial estimating, particularly with
 respect to customer requirements contracts and development and
 production contracts of a cost-reimbursement or incentive nature.

 We define funded backlog as unfilled firm orders for products
 and services for which funding has been authorized and, in the
 case of U.S. Government agencies, appropriated. Unfunded
 backlog is primarily unfilled firm and expected follow-on orders
 that have not yet met our established funding criteria. Our
 established funding criteria require both authorization by the
 customer as well as our management’s determination that
 there is little or no risk

 13

Table of Contents

 of the authorized funding being rescinded. We do not include
 potential task or delivery orders under IDIQ contracts in our
 backlog. In fiscal 2010, we expect to fill approximately
 71 percent of our total funded backlog as of July 3,
 2009. However, we can give no assurance of such fulfillment or
 that our funded backlog will become revenue in any particular
 period, if at all. Backlog is subject to delivery delays and
 program cancellations, which are beyond our control. Additional
 information with regard to the backlog of each of our segments
 is provided under “Item 1. Business —
 Description of Business by Segment” of this Report.

 Research,
 Development and Engineering

 Research, development and engineering expenditures totaled
 approximately $1,003 million in fiscal 2009,
 $980 million in fiscal 2008 and $884 million in fiscal
 2007. Company-sponsored research and product development costs,
 which included research and development for commercial products
 and independent research and development related to government
 products and services, as well as concept formulation studies
 and bid and proposal efforts, were approximately
 $244 million in fiscal 2009, $248 million in fiscal
 2008 and $195 million in fiscal 2007. A portion of our
 independent research and development costs are allocated among
 contracts and programs in process under U.S. Government
 contractual arrangements. Company-sponsored research and product
 development costs not otherwise allocable are charged to expense
 when incurred. The portion of total research, development and
 engineering expenditures that was not company-sponsored was
 funded by the U.S. Government and is included in our
 revenue. Customer-sponsored research and development was
 $759 million in fiscal 2009, $732 million in fiscal
 2008 and $689 million in fiscal 2007. Company-sponsored
 research is directed to the development of new products and to
 building technological capability in selected communications and
 electronic systems markets. U.S. Government-funded research
 helps strengthen and broaden our technical capabilities. All of
 our segments maintain their own engineering and new product
 development departments, with scientific assistance provided by
 advanced-technology departments. As of July 3, 2009, we
 employed approximately 6,500 engineers and scientists and are
 continuing efforts to make the technologies developed in any of
 our business segments available for all other business segments.

 Patents
 and Other Intellectual Property

 We consider our patents and other intellectual property, in the
 aggregate, to constitute an important asset. We own a large and
 valuable portfolio of patents, trade secrets, know-how,
 confidential information, trademarks, copyrights and other
 intellectual property. We also license intellectual property to
 and from third parties. As of July 3, 2009, we held
 approximately 1,000 U.S. patents and 550 foreign patents,
 and had approximately 575 U.S. patent applications
 pending and 1,450 foreign patent applications pending.
 Unpatented research, development and engineering skills also
 make an important contribution to our business. While our
 intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to
 our business and the operations of our business segments, we do
 not consider our business or any business segment to be
 materially dependent upon any single patent, license or other
 intellectual property right, or any group of related patents,
 licenses or other intellectual property rights. We are engaged
 in a proactive patent licensing program and have entered into a
 number of licenses and cross-license agreements, some of which
 generate royalty income. Although existing license agreements
 have generated income in past years and may do so in the future,
 there can be no assurances we will enter into additional
 income-producing license agreements. From time to time we engage
 in litigation to protect our patents and other intellectual
 property. Any of our patents, trade secrets, trademarks,
 copyrights and other proprietary rights could be challenged,
 invalidated or circumvented, or may not provide competitive
 advantages. For further discussion of risks relating to
 intellectual property, see “Item 1A. Risk
 Factors” of this Report. With regard to patents relating to
 our Government Communications Systems segment, the
 U.S. Government often has an irrevocable, non-exclusive,
 royalty-free license, pursuant to which the U.S. Government
 may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by
 such patents. Pursuant to similar arrangements, the
 U.S. Government may consent to our use of inventions
 covered by patents owned by other persons. Numerous trademarks
 used on or in connection with our products are also considered
 to be a valuable asset.

 Environmental
 and Other Regulations

 Our facilities and operations are subject to numerous domestic
 and international laws and regulations designed to protect the
 environment, particularly with regard to wastes and emissions.
 The applicable environmental laws and regulations are common
 within the industries and markets in which we operate and serve.
 We believe that we have complied with these requirements and
 that such compliance has not had a material adverse effect on
 our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
 Based upon currently available information, we do not expect
 expenditures to protect the environment and to comply with
 current environmental laws and regulations over the next several
 years to have a material impact on our competitive position or
 financial condition, but we can give no assurance that such
 expenditures will not exceed current expectations. If future
 laws and regulations contain more stringent requirements than

 14

Table of Contents

 presently anticipated, actual expenditures may be higher than
 our present estimates of those expenditures. We have installed
 waste treatment facilities and pollution control equipment to
 satisfy legal requirements and to achieve our waste minimization
 and prevention goals. We did not spend material amounts on
 environmental capital projects in fiscal 2009, fiscal 2008 or
 fiscal 2007. A portion of our environmental expenditures relates
 to discontinued operations for which we have retained certain
 environmental liabilities. We currently expect that amounts to
 be spent for environmental-related capital projects will not be
 material in fiscal 2010. These amounts may increase in future
 years. Additional information regarding environmental and
 regulatory matters is set forth in “Item 3. Legal
 Proceedings” of this Report and in Note 1:
 Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes.

 Electronic products are subject to governmental environmental
 regulation in a number of jurisdictions. Equipment produced by
 our Broadcast Communications segment, in particular, is subject
 to domestic and international requirements requiring
 end-of-life
 management

and/or
 restricting materials in products delivered to customers,
 including the European Union’s Directive 2002/96/EC on
 Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (“WEEE”) and
 Directive 2002/95/EC on the Restriction of the use of certain
 Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment
 (“RoHS”), as amended. Other jurisdictions have adopted
 similar legislation. Such requirements typically are not
 applicable to most equipment produced by our Government
 Communications Systems and RF Communications segments. We
 believe that we have complied with such rules and regulations,
 where applicable, with respect to our existing products sold
 into such jurisdictions. We intend to comply with such rules and
 regulations with respect to our future products.

 Broadcast and wireless communications (whether TV, radio or
 telecommunications) are also subject to governmental regulation.
 Equipment produced by our Broadcast Communications and RF
 Communications segments, in particular, is subject to domestic
 and international requirements to avoid interference among users
 of radio and television frequencies and to permit
 interconnection of telecommunications equipment. We believe that
 we have complied with such rules and regulations with respect to
 our existing products, and we intend to comply with such rules
 and regulations with respect to our future products.
 Governmental reallocation of the frequency spectrum also could
 impact our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Raw
 Materials and Supplies

 Because of the diversity of our products and services, as well
 as the wide geographic dispersion of our facilities, we use
 numerous sources for the wide array of raw materials (such as
 electronic components, printed circuit boards, metals and
 plastics) needed for our operations and for our products. We are
 dependent upon suppliers and subcontractors for a large number
 of components and subsystems and the ability of our suppliers
 and subcontractors to adhere to customer or regulatory materials
 restrictions and to meet performance and quality specifications
 and delivery schedules. In some instances, we are dependent upon
 one or a few sources, either because of the specialized nature
 of a particular item or because of local content preference
 requirements pursuant to which we operate on a given project.
 While we have been affected by financial and performance issues
 of some of our suppliers and subcontractors, we have not been
 materially adversely affected by the inability to obtain raw
 materials or products. On occasion, we have experienced
 component shortages from vendors as a result of the RoHS
 environmental regulations in the European Union or similar
 regulations in other jurisdictions. These regulations may cause
 a spike in demand for certain electronic components (such as
 lead-free components), resulting in industry-wide supply chain
 shortages. To date, these component shortages have not had a
 material adverse effect on our business. For further discussion
 of risks relating to subcontractors and suppliers, see
 “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Report.

 Seasonality

 We do not consider any material portion of our business to be
 seasonal. Various factors can affect the distribution of our
 revenue between accounting periods, including the timing of
 contract awards and the timing and availability of U.S.
 Government funding, as well as the timing of product deliveries
 and customer acceptance.

 Employees

 We employed approximately 15,400 employees at the end of
 fiscal 2009 compared with approximately 14,700 employees at
 the end of fiscal 2008. Approximately 92 percent of our
 employees as of the end of fiscal 2009 were located in the
 United States. A significant number of employees in our
 Government Communications Systems segment possess a security
 clearance. We also utilize a number of independent contractors.
 None of our employees in the United States is represented by a
 labor union. In certain international subsidiaries, our
 employees are represented by workers’ councils or statutory
 labor unions. In general, we believe that our relations with our
 employees are good.

 15

Table of Contents

 Website
 Access to Harris Reports; Available Information

 General.  We maintain an Internet website at

http://www.harris.com
.
 Our annual reports on

Form 10-K,
 quarterly reports on

Form 10-Q,
 current reports on

Form 8-K
 and amendments to such reports, filed or furnished pursuant to
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available
 free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable
 after these reports are electronically filed with or furnished
 to the SEC. We also will provide the reports in electronic or
 paper form free of charge upon request. We also make available
 free of charge on our website our annual report to shareholders
 and proxy statement. Our website and the information posted
 thereon are not incorporated into this Report or any current or
 other periodic report that we file with or furnish to the SEC.
 All reports we file with or furnish to the SEC also are
 available free of charge via the SEC’s electronic data
 gathering and retrieval (“EDGAR”) system available
 through the SEC’s website at

http://www.sec.gov
.

 Additional information relating to our businesses, including our
 operating segments, is set forth in “Item 7.
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations” of this Report.

 Corporate Governance Principles and Committee
 Charters.  We previously adopted Corporate
 Governance Principles, which are available on the Corporate
 Governance section of our website at

www.harris.com/harris/cg/. In addition, the charters of
 each of the committees of our Board, namely, the Audit
 Committee, Business Conduct and Corporate Responsibility
 Committee, Corporate Governance Committee, Finance Committee and
 Management Development and Compensation Committee, are also
 available on the Corporate Governance section of our website. A
 copy of the charters is also available free of charge upon
 written request to our Secretary at Harris Corporation,
 1025 West NASA Boulevard, Melbourne, Florida 32919.

 Certifications.  We have filed with the SEC the
 certifications required by Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as exhibits to this Report. In
 addition, an annual CEO certification was submitted by our Chief
 Executive Officer to the New York Stock Exchange
 (“NYSE”) in November 2008 in accordance with the
 NYSE’s listing standards, which included a certification
 that he was not aware of any violation by Harris of the
 NYSE’s corporate governance listing standards.

.

 We have described many of the trends and other factors that
 could impact our business and future results in
 “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this
 Report. In addition, our business, operating results, cash flows
 and financial condition are subject to, and could be materially
 adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties,
 including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of
 which could cause our actual results to vary materially from
 recent results or our anticipated future results.

 We
 depend on U.S. Government customers for a significant portion of
 our revenue, and the loss of this relationship or a shift in
 U.S. Government funding priorities could have adverse
 consequences on our future business.

 We are highly dependent on sales to U.S. Government
 customers. The percentage of our net revenue that was derived
 from sales to U.S. Government customers, including the DoD
 and intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as foreign
 military sales through the U.S. Government, whether directly or
 through prime contractors, was approximately 79 percent in
 fiscal 2009, 79 percent in fiscal 2008 and 75 percent
 in fiscal 2007. Therefore, any significant disruption or
 deterioration of our relationship with the U.S. Government
 would significantly reduce our revenue. Our U.S. Government
 programs must compete with programs managed by other government
 contractors for limited resources and for uncertain levels of
 funding. Our competitors continuously engage in efforts to
 expand their business relationships with the
 U.S. Government and will continue these efforts in the
 future, and the U.S. Government may choose to use other
 contractors. We expect that a majority of the business that we
 seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through
 competitive bidding. The U.S. Government has increasingly
 relied on certain types of contracts that are subject to a
 competitive bidding process, including IDIQ, GWAC, GSA Schedule
 and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater
 competition and increased pricing pressure. We operate in highly
 competitive markets and our competitors may have more extensive
 or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing
 capabilities than we do in some areas, and we may not be able to
 continue to win competitively awarded contracts or to obtain
 task orders under multi-award contracts. Further, the
 competitive bidding process involves substantial costs, the
 significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids and
 proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us, and the
 risk that we may fail to accurately estimate the resources and
 costs required to fulfill any contract awarded to us. Following
 any contract award, we may experience significant expense or
 delay, contract modification or contract rescission as a result
 of our competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded
 to us in competitive bidding. We also compete with the
 U.S. Government’s own capabilities and federal
 non-profit contract research centers. Budget decisions made by
 the U.S. Government are

 16

Table of Contents

 outside of our control and have long-term consequences for our
 business. A shift in U.S. Government spending priorities or
 an increase in non-procurement spending at the expense of our
 programs, or a reduction in total U.S. Government spending,
 could have material adverse consequences on our future business.

 We
 depend significantly on our U.S. Government contracts, which
 often are only partially funded, subject to immediate
 termination, and heavily regulated and audited. The termination
 or failure to fund one or more of these contracts could have an
 adverse impact on our business.

 Over its lifetime, a U.S. Government program may be
 implemented by the award of many different individual contracts
 and subcontracts. The funding of U.S. Government programs
 is subject to Congressional appropriations. Although multi-year
 contracts may be authorized and appropriated in connection with
 major procurements, Congress generally appropriates funds on a
 fiscal year basis. Procurement funds are typically made
 available for obligation over the course of three years.
 Consequently, programs often receive only partial funding
 initially, and additional funds are obligated only as Congress
 authorizes further appropriations. The termination of funding
 for a U.S. Government program would result in a loss of
 anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which
 could have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, the
 termination of a program or the failure to commit additional
 funds to a program that already has been started could result in
 lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business.

 Generally, U.S. Government contracts are subject to
 oversight audits by U.S. Government representatives. Such
 audits could result in adjustments to our contract costs. Any
 costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract
 will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed must
 be refunded. We have recorded contract revenues based upon costs
 we expect to realize upon final audit. However, we do not know
 the outcome of any future audits and adjustments and we may be
 required to materially reduce our revenues or profits upon
 completion and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit
 findings could also result in termination of a contract,
 forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and
 suspension or prohibition from doing business with the
 U.S. Government.

 In addition, U.S. Government contracts generally contain
 provisions permitting termination, in whole or in part, without
 prior notice at the U.S. Government’s convenience upon
 the payment only for work done and commitments made at the time
 of termination. We can give no assurance that one or more of our
 U.S. Government contracts will not be terminated under
 these circumstances. Also, we can give no assurance that we
 would be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or
 backlog lost as a result of any termination of our
 U.S. Government contracts. Because a significant portion of
 our revenue is dependent on our performance and payment under
 our U.S. Government contracts, the loss of one or more
 large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our
 financial condition.

 Our government business also is subject to specific procurement
 regulations and a variety of socio-economic and other
 requirements. These requirements, although customary in
 U.S. Government contracts, increase our performance and
 compliance costs. These costs might increase in the future,
 thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect
 on our financial condition. Failure to comply with these
 regulations and requirements could lead to suspension or
 debarment from U.S. Government contracting or
 subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for
 debarment are violations of various laws, including those
 related to procurement integrity, export control,
 U.S. Government security regulations, employment practices,
 protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper
 recording of costs and foreign corruption. The termination of a
 U.S. Government contract or relationship as a result of any
 of these acts would have an adverse impact on our operations and
 could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for
 future U.S. Government contracts.

 We
 enter into fixed-price contracts that could subject us to losses
 in the event of cost overruns or a significant increase in
 inflation.

 We have a number of firm fixed-price contracts. In fiscal 2009
 and fiscal 2008, approximately 36 percent and
 35 percent, respectively, of the total combined revenue of
 our RF Communications and Government Communications Systems
 segments was from fixed-price contracts. These contracts allow
 us to benefit from cost savings, but they carry the risk of
 potential cost overruns because we assume all of the cost
 burden. If our initial estimates are incorrect, we can lose
 money on these contracts. U.S. Government contracts can
 expose us to potentially large losses because the
 U.S. Government can hold us responsible for completing a
 project or, in certain circumstances, paying the entire cost of
 its replacement by another provider regardless of the size or
 foreseeability of any cost overruns that occur over the life of
 the contract. Because many of these contracts involve new
 technologies and applications and can last for years, unforeseen
 events, such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the
 price of raw materials, problems with our suppliers and cost
 overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less
 favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. The United
 States also may experience a significant increase in inflation.
 A significant increase in inflation rates could have a
 significant

 17

Table of Contents

 adverse impact on the profitability of these contracts.
 Furthermore, if we do not meet contract deadlines or
 specifications, we may need to renegotiate contracts on less
 favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated
 damages or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its
 right to terminate. In addition, some of our contracts have
 provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and if we
 fail to meet the terms specified in those contracts we may not
 realize their full benefits. Our results of operations are
 dependent on our ability to maximize our earnings from our
 contracts. Cost overruns could have an adverse impact on our
 financial results. Furthermore, the potential impact of this
 risk on our financial results would increase if the mix of our
 contracts and programs shifted toward a greater percentage of
 firm fixed-price contracts.

 We
 derive a substantial portion of our revenue from international
 operations and are subject to the risks of doing business
 internationally, including fluctuations in currency exchange
 rates.

 We are dependent on sales to customers outside the United
 States. In fiscal 2009, fiscal 2008 and fiscal 2007, revenue
 from products exported from the U.S. or manufactured abroad
 was 20 percent, 17 percent and 17 percent,
 respectively, of our total revenue. Approximately
 25 percent of our international business in fiscal 2009 was
 transacted in local currency environments. Losses resulting from
 currency rate fluctuations can adversely affect our results. We
 expect that international revenue will continue to account for a
 significant portion of our total revenue. Also, a significant
 portion of our international revenue is in less-developed
 countries. We are subject to risks of doing business
 internationally, including:

 • 

 Currency exchange controls, fluctuations of currency and
 currency revaluations;

 • 

 The laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments
 relating to investments and operations, as well as
 U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies
 abroad;

 • 

 Changes in regulatory requirements, including imposition of
 tariffs or embargoes, export controls and other trade
 restrictions;

 • 

 Uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of
 funding, credit or guarantees;

 • 

 The complexity and necessity of using international dealers,
 distributors, sales representatives and consultants;

 • 

 The difficulty of managing an organization doing business in
 many countries;

 • 

 Import and export licensing requirements and regulations, as
 well as unforeseen changes in export regulations;

 • 

 Uncertainties as to local laws and enforcement of contract and
 intellectual property rights and occasional requirements for
 onerous contract clauses; and

 • 

 Rapid changes in government, economic and political policies,
 political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of
 international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation.

 We may
 not be successful in obtaining the necessary export licenses to
 conduct certain operations abroad, and Congress may prevent
 proposed sales to certain foreign governments.

 We must first obtain export and other licenses and
 authorizations from various U.S. Government agencies before
 we are permitted to sell certain products and technologies
 outside of the United States. For example, the
 U.S. Department of State must notify Congress at least
 15-60 days,
 depending on the size and location of the sale, prior to
 authorizing certain sales of defense equipment and services to
 foreign governments. During that time, Congress may take action
 to block the proposed sale. We can give no assurance that we
 will continue to be successful in obtaining the necessary
 licenses or authorizations or that Congress will not prevent or
 delay certain sales. Any significant impairment of our ability
 to sell products or technologies outside of the United States
 could negatively impact our results of operations and financial
 condition.

 Our
 future success will depend on our ability to develop new
 products and technologies that achieve market acceptance in our
 current and future markets.

 Both our commercial and government businesses are characterized
 by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry
 standards. Accordingly, our performance depends on a number of
 factors, including our ability to:

 • 

 Identify emerging technological trends in our current and target
 markets;

 • 

 Develop and maintain competitive products;

 • 

 Enhance our offerings by adding innovative hardware, software or
 other features that differentiate our products from those of our
 competitors; and

 • 

 Develop, manufacture and bring cost-effective offerings to
 market quickly.

 We believe that, in order to remain competitive in the future,
 we will need to continue to develop new products and
 technologies, requiring the investment of significant financial
 resources. The need to make these expenditures

 18

Table of Contents

 could divert our attention and resources from other projects,
 and we cannot be sure that these expenditures ultimately will
 lead to the timely development of new products or technologies.
 Due to the design complexity of some of our products and
 technologies, we may experience delays in completing development
 and introducing new products or technologies in the future. Any
 delays could result in increased costs of development or
 redirect resources from other projects. In addition, we cannot
 provide assurances that the markets for our products or
 technologies will develop as we currently anticipate. The
 failure of our products or technologies to gain market
 acceptance could significantly reduce our revenue and harm our
 business. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our competitors
 will not develop competing products or technologies that gain
 market acceptance in advance of our products or technologies, or
 that our competitors will not develop new products or
 technologies that cause our existing products or technologies to
 become non-competitive or obsolete, which could adversely affect
 our results of operations. The future direction of the domestic
 and global economies also will have a significant impact on our
 overall performance.

 We
 participate in markets that are often subject to uncertain
 economic conditions, which makes it difficult to estimate growth
 in our markets and, as a result, future income and
 expenditures.

 We participate in U.S. and international markets that are
 subject to uncertain economic conditions. As a result, it is
 difficult to estimate the level of growth in some of the markets
 in which we participate. Because all components of our budgeting
 and forecasting are dependent upon estimates of growth in the
 markets we serve, the uncertainty renders estimates of future
 income and expenditures even more difficult. As a result, we may
 make significant investments and expenditures but never realize
 the anticipated benefits.

 We
 cannot predict the consequences of future geo-political events,
 but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate,
 our ability to insure against risks, our operations or our
 profitability.

 Ongoing instability and current conflicts in the Middle East and
 the potential for further conflicts and future terrorist
 activities and other recent geo-political events have created
 economic and political uncertainties that could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, operations and profitability.
 These matters cause uncertainty in the world’s financial
 and insurance markets and may increase significantly the
 political, economic and social instability in the geographic
 areas in which we operate. These matters also have caused the
 premiums charged for our insurance coverages to increase and may
 cause further increases or some coverages to be unavailable
 altogether.

 We
 have made, and may continue to make, strategic acquisitions that
 involve significant risks and uncertainties.

 We have made, and we may continue to make, strategic
 acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties.
 These risks and uncertainties include:

 • 

 Difficulty in identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions,
 including the risk that our due diligence does not identify or
 fully assess valuation issues, potential liabilities or other
 acquisition risks;

 • 

 Difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and
 operations in an efficient and cost-effective manner and the
 risk that we encounter significant unanticipated costs or other
 problems associated with integration;

 • 

 Challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and
 other benefits expected from acquisitions;

 • 

 Risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the
 strategic acquisitions do not prove to be those needed to be
 successful in those markets;

 • 

 Risk that we assume significant liabilities that exceed the
 limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the
 financial resources of any indemnifying parties;

 • 

 Potential loss of key employees of the acquired
 businesses; and

 • 

 Risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our
 existing operations.

 Disputes
 with our subcontractors and the inability of our subcontractors
 to perform, or our key suppliers to timely deliver our
 components or parts, could cause our products to be produced in
 an untimely or unsatisfactory manner.

 On many of our contracts, we engage subcontractors. We may have
 disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding
 the quality and timeliness of work performed by the
 subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontract, our
 failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders
 under a subcontract, our hiring of the personnel of a
 subcontractor or vice versa or the subcontractor’s failure
 to comply with applicable law. In addition, there are certain
 parts or components for many of our products which we source
 from other manufacturers or vendors. Some of our suppliers, from
 time to time, experience financial and operational difficulties,
 which may impact their ability to supply the materials,
 components and subsystems that we require. Any inability to
 develop alternative sources of supply on a cost-effective and
 timely basis could materially impair our ability to manufacture
 and deliver products to our customers. We can give no assurances
 that we will be free from disputes with our subcontractors,
 material supply problems or component or subsystems problems in
 the future. Also, our

 19

Table of Contents

 subcontractors and other suppliers may not be able to maintain
 the quality of the materials, components and subsystems they
 supply, which might result in greater product returns and
 warranty claims and could harm our business, financial condition
 and results of operations.

 Third
 parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future
 that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their
 intellectual property rights, and third parties may infringe
 upon our intellectual property rights.

 Many of the markets we serve are characterized by vigorous
 protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which
 often has resulted in protracted and expensive litigation. Third
 parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future
 that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their
 intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be
 infringing or to have infringed directly or indirectly upon
 those intellectual property rights. Claims of intellectual
 property infringement might also require us to enter into costly
 royalty or license agreements. Moreover, we may not be able to
 obtain royalty or license agreements on terms acceptable to us,
 or at all. We also may be subject to significant damages or
 injunctions against development and sale of certain of our
 products. Our success depends in large part on our proprietary
 technology. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights,
 trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality provisions
 and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our
 intellectual property rights. If we fail to successfully protect
 and enforce these rights, our competitive position could suffer.
 Our pending patent and trademark registration applications may
 not be allowed, or competitors may challenge the validity or
 scope of our patents or trademark registrations. In addition,
 our patents may not provide us a significant competitive
 advantage. We may be required to spend significant resources to
 monitor and police our intellectual property rights. We may not
 be able to detect infringement and our competitive position may
 be harmed before we do so. In addition, competitors may design
 around our technology or develop competing technologies.

 The
 outcome of litigation or arbitration in which we are involved is
 unpredictable and an adverse decision in any such matter could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
 results of operations.

 We are defendants in a number of litigation matters and are
 involved in a number of arbitrations. These actions may divert
 financial and management resources that would otherwise be used
 to benefit our operations. No assurances can be given that the
 results of these or new matters will be favorable to us. An
 adverse resolution of lawsuits or arbitrations could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations.

 We are
 subject to customer credit risk.

 We sometimes provide medium-term and long-term customer
 financing. Customer financing arrangements may include all or a
 portion of the purchase price for our products and services, as
 well as working capital. We also may assist customers in
 obtaining financing from banks and other sources on a recourse
 or non-recourse basis. While we generally have been able to
 place a portion of our customer financings with third-party
 lenders, or to otherwise insure a portion of this risk, a
 portion of these financings is provided directly by us. There
 can be higher risks associated with some of these financings,
 particularly when provided to
 start-up
 operations such as local network providers, to customers in
 developing countries or to customers in specific
 financing-intensive areas of the telecommunications industry. If
 customers fail to meet their obligations, losses could be
 incurred and such losses could have an adverse effect on us. Our
 losses could be much greater if it becomes more difficult to
 place or insure against these risks with third parties. These
 risks may increase when the availability of credit decreases.

 We
 face certain significant risk exposures and potential
 liabilities that may not be covered adequately by insurance or
 indemnity.

 We are exposed to liabilities that are unique to the products
 and services we provide. A significant portion of our business
 relates to designing, developing and manufacturing advanced
 defense and technology systems and products. New technologies
 associated with these systems and products may be untested or
 unproven. Components of certain of the defense systems and
 products we develop are inherently dangerous. Failures of
 satellites, missile systems, air traffic control systems,
 homeland security applications and aircraft have the potential
 to cause loss of life and extensive property damage. In most
 circumstances, we may receive indemnification from the
 U.S. Government. While we maintain insurance for certain
 risks, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate
 to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear
 substantial costs from an accident or incident. It also is not
 possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational
 risks and liabilities. Substantial claims resulting from an
 incident in excess of U.S. Government indemnity and our
 insurance coverage could harm our financial condition, operating
 results and cash flows. Moreover, any accident or incident for
 which we are liable, even if fully insured, could negatively
 affect our standing among our customers and the public, thereby
 making it more difficult for us to compete effectively, and
 could significantly impact the cost and availability of adequate
 insurance in the future.

 20

Table of Contents

 Changes
 in our effective tax rate may have an adverse effect on our
 results of operations.

 Our future effective tax rate may be adversely affected by a
 number of factors including:

 • 

 The jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned
 and taxed;

 • 

 Adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax
 returns;

 • 

 Increases in expenses not fully deductible for tax purposes,
 including write-offs of acquired in-process research and
 development and impairment of goodwill in connection with
 acquisitions;

 • 

 Changes in available tax credits;

 • 

 Changes in share-based compensation expense;

 • 

 Changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and
 liabilities;

 • 

 Changes in domestic or international tax laws or the
 interpretation of such tax laws; and

 • 

 The resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various
 tax authorities.

 Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could
 adversely impact our results of operations for future periods.

 The
 effects of the recession in the United States and general
 downturn in the global economy could have an adverse impact on
 our business, operating results or financial
 condition.

 The United States economy is in recession and there has been a
 general downturn in the global economy. Although governments
 worldwide, including the U.S. Government, have initiated
 sweeping economic plans, we are unable to predict the impact,
 severity and duration of these economic events, which could have
 an adverse impact on our business, operating results or
 financial condition in a number of ways. Possible effects of
 these economic events include the following:

 • 

 The U.S. Government could reprioritize its spending away
 from the government contracts in which we participate.

 • 

 We may experience declines in revenues, profitability and cash
 flows as a result of reduced orders, payment delays or other
 factors caused by the economic problems of our customers and
 prospective customers.

 • 

 We may experience supply chain delays, disruptions or other
 problems associated with financial constraints faced by our
 suppliers and subcontractors.

 • 

 We may incur increased costs or experience difficulty with
 future borrowings under our commercial paper program or credit
 facilities or in the debt markets, or otherwise with financing
 our operating, investing (including any future acquisitions) or
 financing activities.

 We
 have significant operations in Florida and other locations that
 could be materially and adversely impacted in the event of a
 natural disaster or other significant disruption.

 Our corporate headquarters and significant operations of our
 Government Communications Systems segment are located in
 Florida, where major hurricanes have occurred. Our worldwide
 operations could be subject to natural disasters or other
 significant disruptions, including hurricanes, typhoons,
 tsunamis, floods, earthquakes, fires, water shortages, other
 extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, acts of
 terrorism, power shortages and blackouts, telecommunications
 failures, cyber attacks and other natural and manmade disasters
 or disruptions. In the event of such a natural disaster or other
 disruption, we could experience disruptions or interruptions to
 our operations or the operations of our suppliers,
 subcontractors, distributors, resellers or customers;
 destruction of facilities;
 and/or loss
 of life, all of which could materially increase our costs and
 expenses and materially adversely affect our business, revenue
 and financial condition.

 Changes
 in future business conditions could cause business investments
 and/or recorded goodwill to become impaired, resulting in
 substantial losses and write-downs that would reduce our results
 of operations.

 As part of our overall strategy, we will, from time to time,
 acquire a minority or majority interest in a business. These
 investments are made upon careful target analysis and due
 diligence procedures designed to achieve a desired return or
 strategic objective. These procedures often involve certain
 assumptions and judgment in determining acquisition price. After
 acquisition, unforeseen issues could arise which adversely
 affect the anticipated returns or which are otherwise not
 recoverable as an adjustment to the purchase price. Even after
 careful integration efforts, actual operating results may vary
 significantly from initial estimates. Goodwill accounts for
 approximately 34 percent of our recorded total assets as of
 July 3, 2009. We evaluate the recoverability of recorded
 goodwill amounts annually, or when evidence of potential
 impairment exists. The annual impairment test is based on
 several factors requiring judgment. Principally, a decrease in
 expected reporting segment cash flows or changes in market
 conditions may indicate potential impairment of recorded
 goodwill. For additional information on accounting policies we
 have in place for goodwill impairment, see our discussion under
 “Critical Accounting Policies and

 21

Table of Contents

 Estimates” in “Item 7. Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations” of this Report and Note 1: Significant
 Accounting Policies and 
Note 22: Impairment of
 Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets in the Notes.

 In
 order to be successful, we must attract and retain key
 employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm
 us.

 Our business has a continuing need to attract significant
 numbers of skilled personnel, including personnel holding
 security clearances, to support our growth and to replace
 individuals who have terminated employment due to retirement or
 for other reasons. To the extent that the demand for qualified
 personnel exceeds supply, as has been the case from time to time
 in recent years, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or
 training costs in order to attract and retain such employees, or
 could experience difficulties in performing under our contracts
 if our needs for such employees were unmet.