. 

We have
described many of the trends and other factors that we believe could impact our business and future results in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Report. In
addition, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to, and could be materially adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which
could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or our anticipated future results. 

We depend on U.S. Government
customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of these relationships, a reduction in U.S. Government funding or a change in U.S. Government spending priorities could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

We are highly dependent on sales to U.S. Government customers. The
percentage of our revenue that was derived from sales to U.S. Government customers, including the DoD and intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as foreign military sales funded through the U.S. Government, whether directly or through
prime contractors, was approximately 67 percent in fiscal 2014, 67 percent in fiscal 2013 and 70 percent in fiscal 2012. Therefore, any significant disruption or deterioration of our relationship with the U.S. Government would
significantly reduce our revenue. Our competitors continuously engage in efforts to expand their business relationships with the U.S. Government and will continue these efforts in the future, and the U.S. Government may choose to use other
contractors. We expect that a majority of the business that we seek will be awarded through competitive bidding. The U.S. Government has increasingly relied on certain types of contracts that are subject to multiple competitive bidding
processes, including multi-vendor IDIQ, GWAC, General Services Administration Schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. We operate in highly competitive markets and our
competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas, and we may not be able to continue to win competitively awarded contracts or to obtain task orders under
multi-award contracts. Further, the competitive bidding process involves significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us, as well as the risk that we may fail to accurately estimate the
resources and costs required to fulfill any contract awarded to us. Following any contract award, we may experience significant expense or delay, contract modification or contract rescission as a result of our competitors protesting or challenging
contracts awarded to us in competitive bidding. Our U.S. Government programs must compete with programs managed by other government contractors and with other policy imperatives for consideration for limited resources and for uncertain levels
of funding during the budget and appropriation process. Budget and appropriations decisions made by the U.S. Government are outside of our control and have long-term consequences for our business. U.S. Government spending priorities and levels
remain uncertain and difficult to predict and are affected by numerous factors, including sequestration (automatic, across-the-board U.S. Government budgetary spending cuts) and whether it will be superseded by alternate arrangements. A change in
U.S. Government spending priorities or an increase in non-procurement spending at the expense of our programs, or a reduction in total U.S. Government spending, could have material adverse consequences on our future business. For more
information regarding sequestration, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Business Considerations — Industry-Wide Opportunities, Challenges and Risks” of
this Report. 

We depend significantly on U.S. Government contracts, which often are only partially funded, subject to immediate
termination, and heavily regulated and audited. The termination or failure to fund, or negative audit findings for, one or more of these contracts could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

Over its lifetime, a U.S. Government program may be implemented by the award of many different individual
contracts and subcontracts. The funding of U.S. Government programs is subject to Congressional appropriations. Although multi-year contracts may be authorized and appropriated in connection with major procurements, Congress generally
appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis. Procurement funds are typically made available for obligation over the course of one to three years. Consequently, programs often receive only partial funding initially, and additional funds are obligated
only as Congress authorizes further appropriations. The termination of funding for a U.S. Government program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our
operations. In addition, the termination of a program or the failure to commit additional funds to a program that already has been started could result in lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business. 

14 

Table of Contents

Generally, U.S. Government contracts are subject to oversight audits by
U.S. Government representatives. Such audits could result in adjustments to our contract costs. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed must be refunded. We
have recorded contract revenues based on costs we expect to realize upon final audit. However, we do not know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments, and we may be required to materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and
final negotiation of audits. Negative audit findings could also result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting or subcontracting for a period of
time. 

In addition, U.S. Government contracts generally contain provisions permitting termination, in whole or in part,
without prior notice at the U.S. Government’s convenience upon the payment only for work done and commitments made at the time of termination. We can give no assurance that one or more of our U.S. Government contracts will not be
terminated under these circumstances. Also, we can give no assurance that we would be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of our U.S. Government contracts. Because a significant
portion of our revenue is dependent on our performance and payment under our U.S. Government contracts, the loss of one or more large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

Our government business also is subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of socio-economic and
other requirements. These requirements, although customary in U.S. Government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. These costs might increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to comply with these regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties, repayments, or compensatory or treble damages, or suspension or debarment from
U.S. Government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws, including those related to procurement integrity, export control, U.S. Government security regulations,
employment practices, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs and foreign corruption. The termination of a U.S. Government contract or relationship as a result of any of these acts would have an adverse
impact on our operations and could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for future U.S. Government contracts. 

We
could be negatively impacted by a security breach, through cyber attack, cyber intrusion or otherwise, or other significant disruption of our IT networks and related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers. 

We face the risk, as does any company, of a security breach, whether through cyber attack or cyber intrusion over the Internet, malware,
computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, or other significant disruption of our IT networks and related systems. We face an added risk of a security breach
or other significant disruption of the IT networks and related systems that we develop, install, operate and maintain for certain of our customers, which may involve managing and protecting information relating to national security and other
sensitive government functions or personally identifiable or protected health information. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and
cyber terrorists, has increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. As a communications and IT company, and particularly as a government contractor, we face a
heightened risk of a security breach or disruption from threats to gain unauthorized access to our and our customers’ proprietary or classified information on our IT networks and related systems and to the IT networks and related systems that
we operate and maintain for certain of our customers. These types of information and IT networks and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations, and, in some cases, are
critical to the operations of certain of our customers. Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage
the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected
information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cyber attacks and intrusions, or disruptions will occur in the future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are
constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. In some cases, the resources of foreign governments may be behind such attacks.
Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. A security breach or other significant
disruption involving these types of information and IT networks and related systems could: 

Ÿ

 Disrupt the proper functioning of these networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our customers;

15 

Table of Contents

Ÿ

 Result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise
valuable information of ours or our customers, including trade secrets, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 

Ÿ

 Compromise national security and other sensitive government functions; 

Ÿ

 Require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; 

Ÿ

 Subject us to claims for contract breach, damages, credits, penalties or termination; and 

Ÿ

 Damage our reputation with our customers (particularly agencies of the U.S. Government) and the public generally. 

Any or all of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows.

We enter into fixed-price contracts that could subject us to losses in the event of cost overruns or a significant increase in
inflation. 

We have a number of fixed-price contracts, which allow us to benefit from cost savings, but subject us to
the risk of potential cost overruns, particularly for firm fixed-price contracts because we assume all of the cost burden. If our initial estimates are incorrect, we can lose money on these contracts. U.S. Government contracts can expose us to
potentially large losses because the U.S. Government can hold us responsible for completing a project or, in certain circumstances, paying the entire cost of its replacement by another provider regardless of the size or foreseeability of any
cost overruns that occur over the life of the contract. Because many of these contracts involve new technologies and applications and can last for years, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw
materials, problems with our suppliers and cost overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. The U.S. and other countries also may experience a significant increase in inflation. A
significant increase in inflation rates could have a significant adverse impact on the profitability of these contracts. Furthermore, if we do not meet contract deadlines or specifications, we may need to renegotiate contracts on less favorable
terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated damages or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate. In addition, some of our contracts have provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and if we fail to meet
the terms specified in those contracts we may not realize their full benefits. Our results of operations are dependent on our ability to maximize our earnings from our contracts. Cost overruns could have an adverse impact on our financial results.
The potential impact of such risk on our financial results would increase if the mix of our contracts and programs shifted toward a greater percentage of fixed-price contracts, particularly firm fixed-price contracts. 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business internationally,
including fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

We are dependent on sales to customers outside the U.S. The
percentage of our total revenue represented by revenue from products and services exported from the U.S. (including foreign military sales) or manufactured or rendered abroad was 30 percent in fiscal 2014, 26 percent in fiscal 2013 and
24 percent in fiscal 2012. Approximately 28 percent of our international business in fiscal 2014 was transacted in local currency. Losses resulting from currency rate fluctuations can adversely affect our results. We expect that
international revenue will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenue. Also, a significant portion of our international revenue is from, and an increasing portion of our business activity is being conducted in, less-developed
countries. We are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including: 

Ÿ

 Currency exchange controls, fluctuations of currency and currency revaluations; 

Ÿ

 The laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments relating to investments and operations, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of
U.S. companies abroad, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”); 

Ÿ

 Changes in regulatory requirements, including business or operating license requirements, imposition of tariffs or embargoes, export controls and other
trade restrictions; 

Ÿ

 Uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding, credit or guarantees; 

Ÿ

 The complexity and necessity of using, and disruptions involving our, international dealers, distributors, sales representatives and consultants;

Ÿ

 The difficulties of managing a geographically dispersed organization and culturally diverse workforces, including compliance with local laws and
practices; 

Ÿ

 Difficulties associated with repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner and changes in tax laws;

Ÿ

 Import and export licensing requirements and regulations, as well as unforeseen changes in export regulations; 

Ÿ

 Uncertainties as to local laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights and occasional requirements for onerous contract
clauses; and 

16 

Table of Contents

Ÿ

 Rapid changes in government, economic and political policies, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of international boycotts or
U.S. anti-boycott legislation. 

Our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct
of our employees, agents or business partners. 

We have implemented compliance controls, policies and procedures
designed to prevent reckless or criminal acts from being committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing payments to government officials (such as
the FCPA), and to detect any such reckless or criminal acts committed. We cannot ensure, however, that our controls, policies and procedures will prevent or detect all such reckless or criminal acts. If not prevented, such reckless or criminal acts
could subject us to civil or criminal investigations and monetary and non-monetary penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business, our results of operations and our reputation. 

We may not be successful in obtaining the necessary export licenses to conduct certain operations abroad, and Congress may prevent proposed sales
to certain foreign governments. 

We must first obtain export and other licenses and authorizations from various
U.S. Government agencies before we are permitted to sell certain products and technologies outside of the U.S. For example, the U.S. Department of State must notify Congress at least 15 to 60 days, depending on the size and location
of the proposed sale, prior to authorizing certain sales of defense equipment and services to foreign governments. During that time, Congress may take action to block the proposed sale. We can give no assurance that we will continue to be successful
in obtaining the necessary licenses or authorizations or that Congress will not prevent or delay certain sales. Any significant impairment of our ability to sell products or technologies outside of the U.S. could negatively impact our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The continued effects of the general weakness in the global economy and the
U.S. Government’s budget deficits and national debt and sequestration could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The economies of the U.S. and many foreign countries in which we do business continue to show weakness or limited improvement. We are
unable to predict the impact, severity and duration of these economic events. The continued effects of these economic events and the U.S. Government’s budget deficits and national debt and sequestration could have an adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways. Possible effects of these economic conditions include the following: 

Ÿ

 The U.S. Government could reduce or delay its spending on, or reprioritize its spending away from, the government programs in which we
participate; 

Ÿ

 The U.S. Government may be unable to complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year on September 30 and thus would be required
either to shut down or be funded pursuant to a “continuing resolution” that authorizes agencies of the U.S. Government to continue operations but does not authorize new spending initiatives, either of which could result in reduced or
delayed orders or payments for products and services we provide. If the U.S. Government budget process results in a shutdown or prolonged operation under a continuing resolution, it may decrease our revenue, profitability or cash flows or otherwise
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

Ÿ

 U.S. Government spending could be impacted by sequestration or alternate arrangements, which increases the uncertainty as to, and the difficulty in
predicting, U.S. Government spending priorities and levels; 

Ÿ

 We may experience declines in revenue, profitability and cash flows as a result of reduced or delayed orders or payments or other factors caused by the
economic problems of our customers and prospective customers (including U.S. Federal, state and local governments); 

Ÿ

 We may experience supply chain delays, disruptions or other problems associated with financial constraints faced by our suppliers and
subcontractors; and 

Ÿ

 We may incur increased costs or experience difficulty with future borrowings under our commercial paper program or credit facilities or in the debt
markets, or otherwise with financing our operating, investing (including any future acquisitions) or financing activities. 

Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products, systems, services and technologies that achieve market acceptance in our
current and future markets. 

Both our commercial and government businesses are characterized by rapidly changing
technologies and evolving industry standards. Accordingly, our performance depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: 

Ÿ

 Identify emerging technological trends in our current and target markets; 

17 

Table of Contents

Ÿ

 Develop and maintain competitive products, systems, services and technologies; 

Ÿ

 Enhance our offerings by adding innovative hardware, software or other features that differentiate our products, systems, services and technologies
from those of our competitors; and 

Ÿ

 Develop, manufacture and bring to market cost-effective offerings quickly. 

We believe that, in order to remain competitive in the future, we will need to continue to develop new products, systems, services and
technologies, requiring the investment of significant financial resources. The need to make these expenditures could divert our attention and resources from other projects, and we cannot be sure that these expenditures ultimately will lead to the
timely development of new products, systems, services or technologies. Due to the design complexity of some of our products, systems, services and technologies, we may experience delays in completing development and introducing new products,
systems, services or technologies in the future. Any delays could result in increased costs of development or redirect resources from other projects. In addition, we cannot provide assurances that the markets for our products, systems, services or
technologies will develop as we currently anticipate. The failure of our products, systems, services or technologies to gain market acceptance could significantly reduce our revenue and harm our business. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our
competitors will not develop competing products, systems, services or technologies that gain market acceptance in advance of our products, systems, services or technologies, or that our competitors will not develop new products, systems, services or
technologies that cause our existing products, systems, services or technologies to become non-competitive or obsolete, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The future direction of the domestic and global economies, including its
impact on customer demand, also will have a significant impact on our overall performance. 

We participate in markets that are often
subject to uncertain economic conditions, which makes it difficult to estimate growth in our markets and, as a result, future income and expenditures. 

We participate in U.S. and international markets that are subject to uncertain economic conditions. In particular, U.S. Government spending priorities and levels remain uncertain and difficult to
predict and are affected by numerous factors, including sequestration and whether it will be superseded by alternate arrangements. As a result, it is difficult to estimate the level of growth in the markets in which we participate. Because all
components of our budgeting and forecasting are dependent on estimates of growth in the markets we serve, the uncertainty renders estimates of or guidance relating to future revenue, income and expenditures even more difficult. As a result, we may
make significant investments and expenditures but never realize the anticipated benefits. 

We cannot predict the consequences of future
geo-political events, but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate, our ability to insure against risks, our operations or our profitability. 

Ongoing instability and current conflicts in global markets, including in the Middle East and Asia, and the potential for other conflicts and future terrorist activities and other recent geo-political
events throughout the world have created economic and political uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and profitability. These matters cause uncertainty in the world’s financial and insurance
markets and may significantly increase the political, economic and social instability in the geographic areas in which we operate. These matters also may cause our insurance coverages and performance bonds to increase in cost, or in some cases, to
be unavailable altogether. 

We have made, and may continue to make, strategic acquisitions and divestitures that involve significant
risks and uncertainties. 

Strategic acquisitions and divestitures that we have made in the past, and may continue to
make, present significant risks and uncertainties, which include: 

Ÿ

 Difficulty in identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions, including the risk that our due diligence does not identify or fully assess valuation
issues, potential liabilities or other acquisition risks; 

Ÿ

 Difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations, including combining product and service offerings, and in entering into new markets
in which we are not experienced, in an efficient and cost-effective manner while maintaining adequate standards, controls and procedures, and the risk that we encounter significant unanticipated costs or other problems associated with integration;

Ÿ

 Difficulty in consolidating and rationalizing IT infrastructure, which may include multiple legacy systems from various acquisitions and integrating
software code; 

Ÿ

 Challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits expected from acquisitions; 

Ÿ

 Risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the strategic acquisitions and divestitures do not prove to be those needed to be
successful in those markets; 

Ÿ

 Risk that we assume significant liabilities that exceed the limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the financial resources of any
indemnifying parties; 

Ÿ

 Potential loss of key employees or customers of the businesses acquired or to be divested; 

18 

Table of Contents

Ÿ

 Risk that we are not able to complete strategic divestitures on satisfactory terms and conditions or within expected timeframes; and

Ÿ

 Risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our existing operations. 

Disputes with our subcontractors and the inability of our subcontractors to perform, or our key suppliers to timely deliver our components, parts
or services, could cause our products or services to be produced or delivered in an untimely or unsatisfactory manner. 

We engage subcontractors on many of our contracts. We may have disputes with our subcontractors, including regarding the quality and
timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontract, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of the personnel of a subcontractor or vice versa or the
subcontractor’s failure to comply with applicable law. In addition, there are certain parts, components and services for many of our products and services which we source from other manufacturers or vendors. Some of our suppliers, from time to
time, experience financial and operational difficulties, which may impact their ability to supply the materials, components, subsystems and services that we require. Our supply chain could also be disrupted by external events, such as natural
disasters or other significant disruptions (including extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, acts of terrorism, cyber attacks and labor disputes), governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes (including product certification or
stewardship requirements, sourcing restrictions, product authenticity and climate change or greenhouse gas emission standards). Any inability to develop alternative sources of supply on a cost-effective and timely basis could materially impair our
ability to manufacture and deliver products and services to our customers. We can give no assurances that we will be free from disputes with our subcontractors, material supply problems or component, subsystems or services problems in the future.
Also, our subcontractors and other suppliers may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, which might result in greater product returns, service problems and warranty claims
and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Third parties have claimed in the past and may
claim in the future that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their intellectual property rights, and third parties may infringe upon our intellectual property rights. 

Many of the markets we serve are characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which often has
resulted in protracted and expensive litigation. Third parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing or to
have infringed directly or indirectly upon those intellectual property rights. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly royalty or license agreements. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain royalty or
license agreements on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain of our products, services and solutions. Our success depends in large part on our
proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. If we fail to successfully
protect and enforce these rights, our competitive position could suffer. Our pending patent and trademark registration applications may not be allowed, or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents or trademark registrations. In
addition, our patents may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and police our intellectual property rights. We may not be able to detect infringement and our competitive
position may be harmed before we do so. In addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies. 

The outcome of litigation or arbitration in which we are involved is unpredictable and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

From time to time, we are defendants
in a number of litigation matters and are involved in a number of arbitrations. These actions may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. No assurances can be given that the results of these
or new matters will be favorable to us. An adverse resolution of lawsuits or arbitrations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We face certain significant risk exposures and potential liabilities that may not be covered adequately by insurance or indemnity.

We are exposed to liabilities that are unique to the products and services we provide. A significant portion of our
business relates to designing, developing and manufacturing advanced defense, technology and communications systems and products. New technologies associated with these systems and products may be untested or unproven. Components of certain of the
defense systems and products we develop are inherently dangerous. Failures of satellites, missile systems, air traffic control systems, homeland security applications and aircraft have the potential to cause loss of life and extensive property
damage. In most circumstances, we may receive indemnification from the 

19 

Table of Contents

U.S. Government. While we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear
substantial costs from an accident or incident. It also is not possible for us to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. Substantial claims resulting from an incident in excess of U.S. Government indemnity
and our insurance coverage would harm our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, any accident or incident for which we are liable, even if fully insured, could negatively affect our standing with our customers and the
public, thereby making it more difficult for us to compete effectively, and could significantly impact the cost and availability of adequate insurance in the future. 

Changes in our effective tax rate may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our future effective tax rate may be adversely affected by a number of factors including: 

Ÿ

 The jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed; 

Ÿ

 Adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; 

Ÿ

 Increases in expenses not fully deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired in-process research and development and impairment of
goodwill or other long-term assets in connection with acquisitions; 

Ÿ

 Changes in available tax credits; 

Ÿ

 Changes in share-based compensation expense; 

Ÿ

 Changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

Ÿ

 Changes in domestic or international tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws; and 

Ÿ

 The resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities. 

Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could adversely impact our results of operations for future periods.

We have significant operations in locations that could be materially and adversely impacted in the event of a natural disaster or other
significant disruption. 

Our corporate headquarters and significant operations of our Government Communications Systems
segment are located in Florida and significant operations of our Integrated Network Solutions segment are located in Houston, Texas, which areas are subject to the risk of major hurricanes. Our worldwide operations and operations of our suppliers
could be subject to natural disasters or other significant disruptions, including hurricanes, typhoons, tsunamis, floods, earthquakes, fires, water shortages, other extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, acts of terrorism, power shortages
and blackouts, telecommunications failures, cyber attacks and other natural and manmade disasters or disruptions. In the event of such a natural disaster or other disruption, we could experience disruptions or interruptions to our operations or the
operations of our suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers or customers; destruction of facilities; and/or loss of life, all of which could materially increase our costs and expenses and materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Changes in the regulatory framework under which our managed satellite and terrestrial
communications solutions operations are operated could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our domestic satellite and terrestrial communications solutions are currently provided on a private carrier basis and are therefore subject to a lesser degree of regulation by the Federal Communications
Commission and other Federal, state and local agencies than if provided on a common carrier basis. Our international satellite and terrestrial communications solutions operations are regulated by governments of various countries other than the U.S.
and by other international authorities. The regulatory regimes applicable to our international satellite and terrestrial communications solutions operations frequently require that we obtain and maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our
operations in accordance with prescribed standards. Compliance with such requirements may inhibit our ability to quickly expand our operations into new countries, including in circumstances in which such expansion is required in order to provide
uninterrupted service to existing customers with mobile operations as they move to new locations on short notice. Failure to comply with such regulatory requirements could subject us to various penalties or sanctions. The adoption of new laws or
regulations, changes to the existing domestic or international regulatory framework, new interpretations of the laws that apply to our operations, or the loss of, or a material limitation on, any of our material licenses could materially harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We rely on third parties to provide satellite bandwidth for our
managed satellite and terrestrial communications solutions, and any bandwidth constraints could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In our managed satellite and terrestrial communications solutions operations, we compete for satellite bandwidth with other commercial
entities, such as other satellite communications services providers and broadcasting companies, and with governmental entities, such as the military. In certain markets and at certain times, satellite bandwidth may be

20 

Table of Contents

limited and/or pricing of satellite bandwidth could be subject to competitive pressure. In such cases, we may be unable to secure sufficient bandwidth needed to provide our managed satellite
communications services, either at favorable rates or at all. This inability could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Changes in future business or other market conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill or other long-term assets to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and
write-downs that would adversely affect our results of operations. 

As part of our overall strategy, we will, from time
to time, acquire a minority or majority interest in a business. These investments are made upon careful analysis and due diligence procedures designed to achieve a desired return or strategic objective. These procedures often involve certain
assumptions and judgment in determining acquisition price. After acquisition, unforeseen issues could arise which adversely affect the anticipated returns or which are otherwise not recoverable as an adjustment to the purchase price. Even after
careful integration efforts, actual operating results may vary significantly from initial estimates. Goodwill accounted for approximately 35 percent of our recorded total assets as of June 27, 2014. We evaluate the recoverability of
recorded goodwill annually, as well as when we change reportable segments and when events or circumstances indicate there may be an impairment. The annual impairment test is based on several factors requiring judgment. Principally, a decrease in
expected reportable segment cash flows or changes in market conditions may indicate potential impairment of recorded goodwill. For additional information on accounting policies we have in place for impairment of goodwill, see our discussion under
“Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Report and Note 1: Significant Accounting Policies and

Note 3: Discontinued Operations in the Notes. 

We must attract and retain key employees, and failure to do so could
seriously harm us. 

Our business has a continuing need to attract and retain significant numbers of skilled personnel,
including personnel holding security clearances, to support our growth and to replace individuals whose employment has terminated due to retirement or for other reasons. To the extent that the demand for qualified personnel exceeds supply, as has
been the case from time to time in recent years, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees, or could experience difficulties in performing under our contracts if our needs for such
employees were unmet.