.

 We have described many of the trends and other factors that we
 believe could impact our business and future results in
 “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this
 Report. In addition, our business, operating results, cash flows
 and financial condition are subject to, and could be materially
 adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties,
 including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of
 which could cause our actual results to vary materially from
 recent results or our anticipated future results.

 We
 depend on U.S. Government customers for a significant portion of
 our revenue, and the loss of this relationship or a shift in
 U.S. Government funding priorities could have adverse
 consequences on our future business.

 We are highly dependent on sales to U.S. Government
 customers. The percentage of our net revenue that was derived
 from sales to U.S. Government customers, including the DoD
 and intelligence and civilian agencies, as well as foreign
 military sales through the U.S. Government, whether
 directly or through prime contractors, was approximately
 72 percent in fiscal 2011, 75 percent in fiscal 2010
 and 74 percent in fiscal 2009. Therefore, any significant
 disruption or deterioration of our relationship with the
 U.S. Government would significantly reduce our revenue. Our
 U.S. Government programs must compete with programs managed
 by other government contractors for limited resources and for
 uncertain levels of funding. Our competitors continuously engage
 in efforts to expand their business relationships with the
 U.S. Government and will continue these efforts in the
 future, and the U.S. Government may choose to use other
 contractors. We expect that a majority of the business that we
 seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through
 competitive bidding. The U.S. Government has increasingly
 relied on certain types of contracts that are subject to a
 competitive bidding process, including IDIQ, GWAC, General
 Services Administration (“GSA”) Schedule and other
 multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition
 and increased pricing pressure. We operate in highly competitive
 markets and our competitors may have more extensive or more
 specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing
 capabilities than we do in some areas, and we may not be able to
 continue to win competitively awarded contracts or to obtain
 task orders under multi-award contracts. Further, the
 competitive bidding process involves significant cost and
 managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that
 may not be awarded to us, and the risk that we may fail to
 accurately estimate the resources and costs required to fulfill
 any contract awarded to us. Following any contract award, we may
 experience significant expense or delay, contract modification
 or contract rescission as a result of our competitors protesting
 or challenging contracts awarded to us in competitive bidding.
 Budget decisions made by the U.S. Government are outside of
 our control and have long-term consequences for our business. A
 shift in U.S. Government spending priorities or an increase
 in non-procurement spending at the expense of our programs (for
 example, through “in-sourcing”), or a reduction in
 total U.S. Government spending, could have material adverse
 consequences on our future business.

 We
 depend significantly on U.S. Government contracts, which often
 are only partially funded, subject to immediate termination, and
 heavily regulated and audited. The termination or failure to
 fund one or more of these contracts could have an adverse impact
 on our business.

 Over its lifetime, a U.S. Government program may be
 implemented by the award of many different individual contracts
 and subcontracts. The funding of U.S. Government programs
 is subject to Congressional appropriations.

 18

Table of Contents

 Although multi-year contracts may be authorized and appropriated
 in connection with major procurements, Congress generally
 appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis. Procurement funds are
 typically made available for obligation over the course of three
 years. Consequently, programs often receive only partial funding
 initially, and additional funds are obligated only as Congress
 authorizes further appropriations. The termination of funding
 for a U.S. Government program would result in a loss of
 anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which
 could have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, the
 termination of a program or the failure to commit additional
 funds to a program that already has been started could result in
 lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business.

 Generally, U.S. Government contracts are subject to
 oversight audits by U.S. Government representatives. Such
 audits could result in adjustments to our contract costs. Any
 costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract
 will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed must
 be refunded. We have recorded contract revenues based upon costs
 we expect to realize upon final audit. However, we do not know
 the outcome of any future audits and adjustments and we may be
 required to materially reduce our revenues or profits upon
 completion and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit
 findings could also result in termination of a contract,
 forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and
 suspension or prohibition from doing business with the
 U.S. Government.

 In addition, U.S. Government contracts generally contain
 provisions permitting termination, in whole or in part, without
 prior notice at the U.S. Government’s convenience upon
 the payment only for work done and commitments made at the time
 of termination. We can give no assurance that one or more of our
 U.S. Government contracts will not be terminated under
 these circumstances. Also, we can give no assurance that we
 would be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or
 backlog lost as a result of any termination of our
 U.S. Government contracts. Because a significant portion of
 our revenue is dependent on our performance and payment under
 our U.S. Government contracts, the loss of one or more
 large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our
 financial condition.

 Our government business also is subject to specific procurement
 regulations and a variety of socio-economic and other
 requirements. These requirements, although customary in
 U.S. Government contracts, increase our performance and
 compliance costs. These costs might increase in the future,
 thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect
 on our financial condition. Failure to comply with these
 regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties,
 repayments, or compensatory or treble damages, or suspension or
 debarment from U.S. Government contracting or
 subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for
 debarment are violations of various laws, including those
 related to procurement integrity, export control,
 U.S. Government security regulations, employment practices,
 protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper
 recording of costs and foreign corruption. The termination of a
 U.S. Government contract or relationship as a result of any
 of these acts would have an adverse impact on our operations and
 could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for
 future U.S. Government contracts.

 We
 enter into fixed-price contracts that could subject us to losses
 in the event of cost overruns or a significant increase in
 inflation.

 We have a number of firm fixed-price contracts. These contracts
 allow us to benefit from cost savings, but they carry the risk
 of potential cost overruns because we assume all of the cost
 burden. If our initial estimates are incorrect, we can lose
 money on these contracts. U.S. Government contracts can
 expose us to potentially large losses because the
 U.S. Government can hold us responsible for completing a
 project or, in certain circumstances, paying the entire cost of
 its replacement by another provider regardless of the size or
 foreseeability of any cost overruns that occur over the life of
 the contract. Because many of these contracts involve new
 technologies and applications and can last for years, unforeseen
 events, such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the
 price of raw materials, problems with our suppliers and cost
 overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less
 favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. The United
 States also may experience a significant increase in inflation.
 A significant increase in inflation rates could have a
 significant adverse impact on the profitability of these
 contracts. Furthermore, if we do not meet contract deadlines or
 specifications, we may need to renegotiate contracts on less
 favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated
 damages or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its
 right to terminate. In addition, some of our contracts have
 provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and if we
 fail to meet the terms specified in those contracts we may not
 realize their full benefits. Our results of operations are
 dependent on our ability to maximize our earnings from our
 contracts. Cost overruns could have an adverse impact on our
 financial results. The potential impact of such risk on our
 financial results would increase if the mix of our contracts and
 programs shifted toward a greater percentage of firm fixed-price
 contracts.

 19

Table of Contents

 We
 could be negatively impacted by a security breach, through cyber
 attack, cyber intrusion or otherwise, or other significant
 disruption of our IT networks and related systems or of those we
 operate for certain of our customers.

 We face the risk, as does any company, of a security breach,
 whether through cyber attack or cyber intrusion over the
 Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to
 e-mails,
 persons inside our organization or persons with access to
 systems inside our organization, or other significant disruption
 of our IT networks and related systems. We face an added risk of
 a security breach or other significant disruption of the IT
 networks and related systems that we develop, install, operate
 and maintain for certain of our customers, which may involve
 managing and protecting information relating to national
 security and other sensitive government functions. The risk of a
 security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack
 or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign
 governments and cyber terrorists, has increased as the number,
 intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions
 from around the world have increased. As a communications and IT
 company, and particularly as a government contractor, we face a
 heightened risk of a security breach or disruption from threats
 to gain unauthorized access to our and our customers’
 proprietary or classified information on our IT networks and
 related systems and to the IT networks and related systems that
 we operate and maintain for certain of our customers. These
 types of information and IT networks and related systems are
 critical to the operation of our business and essential to our
 ability to perform

day-to-day
 operations, and, in some cases, are critical to the operations
 of certain of our customers. Although we make significant
 efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of
 information and IT networks and related systems, and we have
 implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security
 breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our
 security efforts and measures will be effective or that
 attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be
 successful or damaging. Even the most well protected
 information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially
 vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly
 cyber attacks and intrusions, or disruptions will occur in the
 future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are
 constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until
 launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not be
 detected and, in fact, may not be detected. In some cases, the
 resources of foreign governments may be behind such attacks.
 Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or
 to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative
 measures, and thus it is virtually impossible for us to entirely
 mitigate this risk. A security breach or other significant
 disruption involving these types of information and IT networks
 and related systems could:

 • 

 Disrupt the proper functioning of these networks and systems and
 therefore our operations
 and/or those
 of certain of our customers;

 • 

 Result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss,
 theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential,
 sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our
 customers, including trade secrets, which others could use to
 compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise
 harmful purposes and outcomes;

 • 

 Compromise national security and other sensitive government
 functions;

 • 

 Require significant management attention and resources to remedy
 the damages that result;

 • 

 Subject us to claims for contract breach, damages, credits,
 penalties or termination; or

 • 

 Damage our reputation among our customers (particularly agencies
 of the U.S. Government and potential customers of Cyber
 Integrated Solutions) and the public generally,

 Any or all of which could have a negative impact on our results
 of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 We
 derive a significant portion of our revenue from international
 operations and are subject to the risks of doing business
 internationally, including fluctuations in currency exchange
 rates.

 We are dependent on sales to customers outside the United
 States. In fiscal 2011, fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2009, revenue
 from products and services exported from the U.S. or
 manufactured or rendered abroad was 22 percent,
 14 percent and 20 percent, respectively, of our total
 revenue. Approximately 33 percent of our international
 business in fiscal 2011 was transacted in local currency. Losses
 resulting from currency rate fluctuations can adversely affect
 our results. We expect that international revenue will continue
 to account for a significant portion of our total revenue. Also,
 a significant portion of our international revenue is from, and
 an increasing portion of our business activity is being
 conducted in, less-developed countries. We are subject to risks
 of doing business internationally, including:

 • 

 Currency exchange controls, fluctuations of currency and
 currency revaluations;

 • 

 The laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments
 relating to investments and operations, as well as
 U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies
 abroad, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

 20

Table of Contents

 • 

 Changes in regulatory requirements, including business or
 operating license requirements, imposition of tariffs or
 embargoes, export controls and other trade restrictions;

 • 

 Uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of
 funding, credit or guarantees;

 • 

 The complexity and necessity of using international dealers,
 distributors, sales representatives and consultants;

 • 

 The difficulties of managing a geographically dispersed
 organization and culturally diverse workforces, including
 compliance with local laws and practices;

 • 

 Difficulties associated with repatriating cash generated or held
 abroad in a tax-efficient manner and changes in tax laws;

 • 

 Import and export licensing requirements and regulations, as
 well as unforeseen changes in export regulations;

 • 

 Uncertainties as to local laws and enforcement of contract and
 intellectual property rights and occasional requirements for
 onerous contract clauses; and

 • 

 Rapid changes in government, economic and political policies,
 political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of
 international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation.

 Our
 reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the
 improper conduct of our employees, agents or business
 partners.

 We have implemented compliance controls, policies and procedures
 designed to prevent reckless or criminal acts from being
 committed by our employees, agents or business partners that
 would violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate,
 including laws governing payments to government officials (such
 as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), and to detect any such
 reckless or criminal acts committed. We cannot ensure, however,
 that our controls, policies and procedures will prevent or
 detect all such reckless or criminal acts. If not prevented,
 such reckless or criminal acts could subject us to civil or
 criminal investigations and monetary and non-monetary penalties
 and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
 conduct business, our results of operations and our reputation.

 We may
 not be successful in obtaining the necessary export licenses to
 conduct certain operations abroad, and Congress may prevent
 proposed sales to certain foreign governments.

 We must first obtain export and other licenses and
 authorizations from various U.S. Government agencies before
 we are permitted to sell certain products and technologies
 outside of the United States. For example, the
 U.S. Department of State must notify Congress at least
 15-60 days,
 depending on the size and location of the sale, prior to
 authorizing certain sales of defense equipment and services to
 foreign governments. During that time, Congress may take action
 to block the proposed sale. We can give no assurance that we
 will continue to be successful in obtaining the necessary
 licenses or authorizations or that Congress will not prevent or
 delay certain sales. Any significant impairment of our ability
 to sell products or technologies outside of the United States
 could negatively impact our results of operations and financial
 condition.

 The
 continued effects of the general downturn in the global economy
 and the U.S. Government’s budget deficits and national debt
 could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results
 or financial condition.

 There has been a general downturn in the global economy and the
 economies of the United States and many foreign countries in
 which we do business continue to show weakness. Although
 governments worldwide, including the U.S. Government, have
 initiated sweeping economic plans, we are unable to predict the
 impact, severity and duration of these economic events. The
 continuing effects of the general downturn in the global economy
 and the U.S. Government’s budget deficits and national
 debt could have an adverse impact on our business, operations
 results or financial condition in a number of ways. Possible
 effects of these economic conditions include the following:

 • 

 The U.S. Government could reduce or delay its spending on,
 reprioritize its spending away from, the government programs in
 which we participate;

 • 

 The U.S. Government may be unable complete its budget
 process before the end of its fiscal year on September 30 and
 thus would be required either to shut down or to be funded
 pursuant to a “continuing resolution” that authorizes
 agencies of the U.S. Government to continue operations but
 does not authorize new spending initiatives, either of which
 could result in reduced or delayed orders or payments for
 products and services we provide. While this historically has
 not had a material adverse impact on our business, operating
 results or financial condition, if the U.S. Government
 budget process results in a shutdown or prolonged operation
 under a continuing resolution, it may decrease our revenues,
 profitability or cash flows or otherwise have a material adverse
 effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.

 21

Table of Contents

 • 

 We may experience declines in revenues, profitability and cash
 flows as a result of reduced or delayed orders or payments or
 other factors caused by the economic problems of our customers
 and prospective customers (including U.S. Federal, state
 and local governments);

 • 

 We may experience supply chain delays, disruptions or other
 problems associated with financial constraints faced by our
 suppliers and subcontractors; and

 • 

 We may incur increased costs or experience difficulty with
 future borrowings under our commercial paper program or credit
 facilities or in the debt markets, or otherwise with financing
 our operating, investing (including any future acquisitions) or
 financing activities.

 Our
 future success will depend on our ability to develop new
 products, services and technologies that achieve market
 acceptance in our current and future markets.

 Both our commercial and government businesses are characterized
 by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry
 standards. Accordingly, our performance depends on a number of
 factors, including our ability to:

 • 

 Identify emerging technological trends in our current and target
 markets;

 • 

 Develop and maintain competitive products and services;

 • 

 Enhance our offerings by adding innovative hardware, software or
 other features that differentiate our products and services from
 those of our competitors; and

 • 

 Develop, manufacture and bring cost-effective offerings to
 market quickly.

 We believe that, in order to remain competitive in the future,
 we will need to continue to develop new products, services and
 technologies, requiring the investment of significant financial
 resources. The need to make these expenditures could divert our
 attention and resources from other projects, and we cannot be
 sure that these expenditures ultimately will lead to the timely
 development of new products, services or technologies. Due to
 the design complexity of some of our products, services and
 technologies, we may experience delays in completing development
 and introducing new products, services or technologies in the
 future. Any delays could result in increased costs of
 development or redirect resources from other projects. In
 addition, we cannot provide assurances that the markets for our
 products, services or technologies will develop as we currently
 anticipate. The failure of our products, services or
 technologies to gain market acceptance could significantly
 reduce our revenue and harm our business. Furthermore, we cannot
 be sure that our competitors will not develop competing
 products, services or technologies that gain market acceptance
 in advance of our products, services or technologies, or that
 our competitors will not develop new products, services or
 technologies that cause our existing products, services or
 technologies to become non-competitive or obsolete, which could
 adversely affect our results of operations. The future direction
 of the domestic and global economies, including its impact on
 customer demand, also will have a significant impact on our
 overall performance.

 We
 participate in markets that are often subject to uncertain
 economic conditions, which makes it difficult to estimate growth
 in our markets and, as a result, future income and
 expenditures.

 We participate in U.S. and international markets that are
 subject to uncertain economic conditions. As a result, it is
 difficult to estimate the level of growth in the markets in
 which we participate. Because all components of our budgeting
 and forecasting are dependent upon estimates of growth in the
 markets we serve, the uncertainty renders estimates of or
 guidance relating to future revenue, income and expenditures
 even more difficult. As a result, we may make significant
 investments and expenditures but never realize the anticipated
 benefits.

 We
 cannot predict the consequences of future geo-political events,
 but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate,
 our ability to insure against risks, our operations or our
 profitability.

 Ongoing instability and current conflicts in the Middle East and
 Asia and the potential for further conflicts and future
 terrorist activities and other recent geo-political events
 throughout the world have created economic and political
 uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, operations and profitability. These matters cause
 uncertainty in the world’s financial and insurance markets
 and may increase significantly the political, economic and
 social instability in the geographic areas in which we operate.
 These matters also have caused the premiums charged for our
 insurance coverages to increase and may cause further increases
 or some coverages to be unavailable altogether.

 22

Table of Contents

 We
 have made, and may continue to make, strategic acquisitions that
 involve significant risks and uncertainties.

 We have made, and we may continue to make, strategic
 acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties.
 These risks and uncertainties include:

 • 

 Difficulty in identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions,
 including the risk that our due diligence does not identify or
 fully assess valuation issues, potential liabilities or other
 acquisition risks;

 • 

 Difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and
 operations, including combining product and service offerings,
 and in entering into new markets in which we are not
 experienced, in an efficient and cost-effective manner while
 maintaining adequate standards, controls and procedures, and the
 risk that we encounter significant unanticipated costs or other
 problems associated with integration;

 • 

 Difficulty in consolidating and rationalizing IT infrastructure,
 which may include multiple legacy systems from various
 acquisitions and integrating software code;

 • 

 Challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and
 other benefits expected from acquisitions;

 • 

 Risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the
 strategic acquisitions do not prove to be those needed to be
 successful in those markets;

 • 

 Risk that we assume significant liabilities that exceed the
 limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the
 financial resources of any indemnifying parties;

 • 

 Potential loss of key employees or customers of the acquired
 businesses; and

 • 

 Risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our
 existing operations.

 Disputes
 with our subcontractors and the inability of our subcontractors
 to perform, or our key suppliers to timely deliver our
 components, parts or services, could cause our products or
 services to be produced or delivered in an untimely or
 unsatisfactory manner.

 On many of our contracts, we engage subcontractors. We may have
 disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding
 the quality and timeliness of work performed by the
 subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontract, our
 failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders
 under a subcontract, our hiring of the personnel of a
 subcontractor or vice versa or the subcontractor’s failure
 to comply with applicable law. In addition, there are certain
 parts, components and services for many of our products and
 services which we source from other manufacturers or vendors.
 Some of our suppliers, from time to time, experience financial
 and operational difficulties, which may impact their ability to
 supply the materials, components, subsystems and services that
 we require. Any inability to develop alternative sources of
 supply on a cost-effective and timely basis could materially
 impair our ability to manufacture and deliver products and
 services to our customers. We can give no assurances that we
 will be free from disputes with our subcontractors, material
 supply problems or component, subsystems or services problems in
 the future. Also, our subcontractors and other suppliers may not
 be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials,
 components, subsystems and services they supply, which might
 result in greater product returns, service problems and warranty
 claims and could harm our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 Third
 parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future
 that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their
 intellectual property rights, and third parties may infringe
 upon our intellectual property rights.

 Many of the markets we serve are characterized by vigorous
 protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which
 often has resulted in protracted and expensive litigation. Third
 parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future
 that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their
 intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be
 infringing or to have infringed directly or indirectly upon
 those intellectual property rights. Claims of intellectual
 property infringement might also require us to enter into costly
 royalty or license agreements. Moreover, we may not be able to
 obtain royalty or license agreements on terms acceptable to us,
 or at all. We also may be subject to significant damages or
 injunctions against development and sale of certain of our
 products, services and solutions. Our success depends in large
 part on our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of
 patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how,
 confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to
 establish and protect our intellectual property rights. If we
 fail to successfully protect and enforce these rights, our
 competitive position could suffer. Our pending patent and
 trademark registration applications may not be allowed, or
 competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents
 or trademark registrations. In addition, our patents may not
 provide us a significant competitive advantage. We may be
 required to spend significant resources to monitor and police
 our intellectual property rights. We may not be able to detect
 infringement and our competitive position may be harmed before
 we do so. In addition, competitors may design around our
 technology or develop competing technologies.

 23

Table of Contents

 The
 outcome of litigation or arbitration in which we are involved is
 unpredictable and an adverse decision in any such matter could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
 results of operations.

 We are defendants in a number of litigation matters and, from
 time to time, are involved in a number of arbitrations. These
 actions may divert financial and management resources that would
 otherwise be used to benefit our operations. No assurances can
 be given that the results of these or new matters will be
 favorable to us. An adverse resolution of lawsuits or
 arbitrations could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 We
 face certain significant risk exposures and potential
 liabilities that may not be covered adequately by insurance or
 indemnity.

 We are exposed to liabilities that are unique to the products
 and services we provide. A significant portion of our business
 relates to designing, developing and manufacturing advanced
 defense, technology and communications systems and products. New
 technologies associated with these systems and products may be
 untested or unproven. Components of certain of the defense
 systems and products we develop are inherently dangerous.
 Failures of satellites, missile systems, air traffic control
 systems, homeland security applications and aircraft have the
 potential to cause loss of life and extensive property damage.
 In most circumstances, we may receive indemnification from the
 U.S. Government. While we maintain insurance for certain
 risks, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate
 to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear
 substantial costs from an accident or incident. It also is not
 possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational
 risks and liabilities. Substantial claims resulting from an
 incident in excess of U.S. Government indemnity and our
 insurance coverage could harm our financial condition, operating
 results and cash flows. Moreover, any accident or incident for
 which we are liable, even if fully insured, could negatively
 affect our standing among our customers and the public, thereby
 making it more difficult for us to compete effectively, and
 could significantly impact the cost and availability of adequate
 insurance in the future.

 Changes
 in our effective tax rate may have an adverse effect on our
 results of operations.

 Our future effective tax rate may be adversely affected by a
 number of factors including:

 • 

 The jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned
 and taxed;

 • 

 Adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax
 returns;

 • 

 Increases in expenses not fully deductible for tax purposes,
 including write-offs of acquired in-process research and
 development and impairment of goodwill in connection with
 acquisitions;

 • 

 Changes in available tax credits;

 • 

 Changes in share-based compensation expense;

 • 

 Changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and
 liabilities;

 • 

 Changes in domestic or international tax laws or the
 interpretation of such tax laws; and

 • 

 The resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various
 tax authorities.

 Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could
 adversely impact our results of operations for future periods.

 We
 have significant operations in Florida and other locations that
 could be materially and adversely impacted in the event of a
 natural disaster or other significant disruption.

 Our corporate headquarters and significant operations of our
 Government Communications Systems segment are located in
 Florida, where major hurricanes have occurred. Our worldwide
 operations and operations of our suppliers could be subject to
 natural disasters or other significant disruptions, including
 hurricanes, typhoons, tsunamis, floods, earthquakes, fires,
 water shortages, other extreme weather conditions, medical
 epidemics, acts of terrorism, power shortages and blackouts,
 telecommunications failures, cyber attacks and other natural and
 manmade disasters or disruptions. In the event of such a natural
 disaster or other disruption, we could experience disruptions or
 interruptions to our operations or the operations of our
 suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers or customers;
 destruction of facilities;
 and/or loss
 of life, all of which could materially increase our costs and
 expenses and materially adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Changes
 in the regulatory framework under which our managed satellite
 and terrestrial communications solutions operations are operated
 could adversely affect our business, results of operations and
 financial condition.

 Our domestic satellite and terrestrial communications solutions
 are currently provided on a private carrier basis and are
 therefore subject to lighter regulation by the Federal
 Communications Commission (the “FCC”) and other
 Federal, state and local agencies than if provided on a common
 carrier basis. Our international satellite and

 24

Table of Contents

 terrestrial communications solutions operations are regulated by
 governments of various countries other than the United States
 and by other international authorities. The regulatory regimes
 applicable to our international satellite and terrestrial
 communications solutions operations frequently require that we
 obtain and maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our
 operations in accordance with prescribed standards. Compliance
 with such requirements may inhibit our ability to quickly expand
 our operations into new countries, including in circumstances in
 which such expansion is required in order to provide
 uninterrupted service to existing customers with mobile
 operations as they move to new locations on short notice.
 Failure to comply with such regulatory requirements could
 subject us to various penalties or sanctions. The adoption of
 new laws or regulations, changes to the existing domestic or
 international regulatory framework, new interpretations of the
 laws that apply to our operations, or the loss of, or a material
 limitation on, any of our material licenses could materially
 harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.

 We
 rely on third parties to provide satellite bandwidth for our
 managed satellite and terrestrial communications solutions, and
 any bandwidth constraints could harm our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 In our managed satellite and terrestrial communications
 solutions operations, we compete for satellite bandwidth with
 other commercial entities, such as other satellite
 communications services providers and broadcasting companies,
 and with governmental entities, such as the military. In certain
 markets and at certain times, satellite bandwidth may be limited
 and/or
 pricing of satellite bandwidth could be subject to competitive
 pressure. In such cases, we may be unable to secure sufficient
 bandwidth needed to provide our managed satellite communications
 services, either at favorable rates or at all. This inability
 could harm our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Changes
 in future business conditions could cause business investments
 and/or recorded goodwill to become impaired, resulting in
 substantial losses and write-downs that would reduce our results
 of operations.

 As part of our overall strategy, we will, from time to time,
 acquire a minority or majority interest in a business. These
 investments are made upon careful analysis and due diligence
 procedures designed to achieve a desired return or strategic
 objective. These procedures often involve certain assumptions
 and judgment in determining acquisition price. After
 acquisition, unforeseen issues could arise which adversely
 affect the anticipated returns or which are otherwise not
 recoverable as an adjustment to the purchase price. Even after
 careful integration efforts, actual operating results may vary
 significantly from initial estimates. Goodwill accounts for
 approximately 39 percent of our recorded total assets as of
 July 1, 2011. We evaluate the recoverability of recorded
 goodwill amounts annually, as well as when we change reportable
 segments and when events or circumstances indicate there may be
 an impairment. The annual impairment test is based on several
 factors requiring judgment. Principally, a decrease in expected
 reportable segment cash flows or changes in market conditions
 may indicate potential impairment of recorded goodwill. For
 additional information on accounting policies we have in place
 for goodwill impairment, see our discussion under “Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates” in “Item 7.
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations” of this Report and
 Note 1: Significant Accounting Policies and

Note 22: Impairment of Goodwill and Other Long-Lived
 Assets in the Notes.

 We
 must attract and retain key employees, and failure to do so
 could seriously harm us.

 Our business has a continuing need to attract significant
 numbers of skilled personnel, including personnel holding
 security clearances, to support our growth and to replace
 individuals who have terminated employment due to retirement or
 for other reasons. To the extent that the demand for qualified
 personnel exceeds supply, as has been the case from time to time
 in recent years, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or
 training costs in order to attract and retain such employees, or
 could experience difficulties in performing under our contracts
 if our needs for such employees were unmet.

 In addition, we are currently undertaking a search for a
 successor chief executive officer, which is a critical
 management position. The search for and transition to a
 successor chief executive officer may result in disruptions to
 our business and uncertainty among investors, employees and
 others concerning our future direction and performance. It also
 may be more difficult for us to recruit and retain other
 personnel until a successor chief executive officer is
 identified and the transition is completed. Any such disruptions
 and uncertainty, as well as the failure to successfully
 identify, attract
 and/or
 retain a successor chief executive officer or other executives
 and key employees could have an adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations and financial condition.