This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information incorporated herein by
reference, contains certain forward-looking statements including the anticipated costs and benefits of restructuring actions, Sara Lee’s access to credit markets and the corporation’s credit ratings, the funding of pension plans, potential
payments under guarantees and amounts due under future contractual obligations and commitments. In addition, from time to time, in oral statements and written reports, the corporation discusses its expectations regarding the corporation’s
future performance by making forward-looking statements preceded by terms such as “expects,” “projects,” “anticipates” or “believes.” These forward-looking statements are based on currently available
competitive, financial and economic data, as well as management’s views and assumptions regarding future events, and are inherently uncertain. Readers should recognize that actual results may differ from those expressed or implied in the
forward-looking statements. The risk factors described below could have a material impact on Sara Lee’s business. 

Our inability to achieve
targeted cost reductions or realize anticipated benefits from the conversion to a common IT system could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our future success and earnings growth depends in part on our ability to be efficient in the manufacture and distribution of our products in highly
competitive markets. In order to improve operational efficiency, we have launched a number of continuous improvement initiatives and have invested significant amounts to implement a common information technology system across the organization. Our
failure to generate significant cost savings and margin improvement through our continuous improvement initiatives could adversely affect our profitability and weaken our competitive position. If the transition to our common information technology
system is disruptive to our business or if the system does not perform as we anticipate, we could experience transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales and customers, which could cause our business and results of operations
to suffer. 

Our profitability may suffer as a result of competition in our markets. 

The branded food industry is intensely competitive. To maintain and increase our existing market in this highly competitive environment, we may need to
increase expenditures for promotions and advertising and introduce new products. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance,
increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or increasing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks as a result of competing for customers in
a highly competitive retail environment. 

Our consumer products also are subject to significant price competition. From time to time, we
may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Such pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to raw material and other cost
increases. Any reduction in prices as a result of competitive pressures, or any failure to increase prices when raw material costs increase, would harm profit margins and, if our sales volumes fail to grow sufficiently to offset any reduction in
margins, our results of operations will suffer. 

Commodity price increases would increase operating costs and may reduce profits. 

We use many different types of commodities and inputs in our various businesses, including beef, pork, coffee, wheat, cotton, corn, corn syrup, soybean
and corn oils, butter and sugar. The commodities we use may experience price volatility due to factors beyond our control, such as commodity market fluctuations, the quality and availability of supply, weather, currency fluctuations, trade
agreements among producing and consuming nations, consumer demand and changes in governmental agricultural programs. Commodity price increases directly impact our business by increasing the costs of raw material used to make our products and the
costs of 

9 

Table of Contents

inputs to manufacture, package and ship our products. In the past few years, the prices of commodities and other inputs have increased significantly. We use
commodity financial instruments to hedge some commodity prices, but not at significant levels. If, as a result of consumer sensitivity to pricing or otherwise, we are not able to increase our product prices to significantly offset increased raw
material costs, or if unit volume sales are significantly reduced due to price increases, it could have a negative impact on our profitability. 

We
must leverage our brand value propositions to remain competitive and maintain profitability during economic downturns. 

In many
product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products, but also with private label products that generally are sold at lower prices. Consumers’ willingness to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to
offer brand value propositions—selling products that consumers perceive as higher value at economical prices. This depends on maintaining consumer perception that our products are of a higher quality and provide higher value than less expensive
alternatives. If the difference in quality between our brands and private label products narrows, or if there is a perception of such a narrowing, consumers may choose not to buy our products at prices that are profitable for us. Furthermore, in
periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more private label or other economy brands, which could result in a reduction in the volume of sales of our higher margin products, or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings.

We own a significant amount of intangible assets and goodwill, and we may be required to take additional write downs in connection with impairment
of some of these intangible assets or goodwill. 

As of June 30, 2007, Sara Lee had $1.04 billion of intangible assets,
including trademarks, customer relationships, software and certain contractual relationships, and $2.72 billion of goodwill, which together comprise 31% of our total assets. Of the intangible assets, 92% have a finite life and are amortized over a
weighted average life of 20 years and 8% have an indefinite life and are not amortized. Intangible assets with a finite life are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be
recoverable. Such events include adverse changes in the business climate, current period operating or cash flow losses, forecasted continuing losses or a current expectation that an asset group will be disposed of before the end of its useful life.
An impairment review of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives that are not subject to amortization is conducted at least once a year, and also if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the goodwill or
intangible assets may not be recoverable. As part of our annual impairment review in fiscal 2007, we also concluded that it was reasonably likely (i.e., more than remote but less than probable) that certain other reporting units may become
impaired in future periods. These reporting units include a bakery operation in Europe with $454 million of goodwill, a meat business in Mexico with $23 million of goodwill and a beverage business in Poland with $70 million of goodwill. Although
management does not believe that impairment is probable, if the performance of these reporting units and brands does not continue to improve, a future impairment could result for a portion or all of this goodwill. Future events, including declines
in operating or cash flows, adverse changes in the business climate or changes in the expectation that an asset group will be disposed of prior to the end of its useful life, may require us to recognize increased levels of future intangible
amortization, or incur charges to recognize the impairment of certain other assets. 

If our food products become adulterated or misbranded, we might
need to recall those items and may experience product liability claims if consumers are injured. 

Most of our products are sold for
human consumption or personal use, which involves a number of legal risks. We may need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or misbranded. We also may be subject to liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws
or regulations or in the event our products cause injury, illness or death. A widespread product recall could result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have a material
adverse effect on our 

10 

Table of Contents

business results and the value of our brands. We also could be the target of claims that our advertising is false or deceptive under U.S. federal and state
laws as well as foreign laws, including consumer protection statutes of some states. Even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful or is without merit, the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products
could adversely affect our reputation and brand image. 

Our pension costs could substantially increase as a result of volatility in the equity
markets or interest rates, or as a result of how the terms of two plans are interpreted. 

As of the latest measurement date in March
2007, the projected benefit obligation of Sara Lee’s defined benefit pension plans was $4.93 billion and total assets in such plans were $4.35 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, is a
significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those plans. Changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets can impact the funded status of these plans and
cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of these plans. In addition, in April 2006 we signed an agreement with the trustees of the Sara Lee U.K. Pension Plan in which we agreed to fully fund certain U.K.
pension obligations by 2015. Under the terms of this agreement, Sara Lee will increase annual pension funding of the U.K. plans to 32 million British pounds through 2015; however, the annual payments may be increased 20% if Sara Lee ceases to
maintain specified credit ratings. After 2015, Sara Lee has agreed to keep the U.K. plan fully funded in accordance with local funding standards. The exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of
factors, including minimum funding requirements in the jurisdictions in which the company operates, the tax deductibility of amounts funded and arrangements made with the trustees of certain foreign plans. A significant increase in our pension
funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

In addition, Sara Lee is a participating employer in
several pension plans for the benefit of certain Food and Beverage employees. In fiscal 2007, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation determined that one of these plans, the American Bakers Association Retirement Plan, is a multi-employer plan
rather than an aggregate of single-employer pension plans. If this determination ultimately is upheld, Sara Lee could be required to contribute toward the total underfunding in the Plan, rather than just fund benefits for Sara Lee
employee-participants. With respect to a second plan, Sara Lee’s status in a multi-employer pension plan is under review to determine whether Sara Lee’s restructuring of a plant triggered partial withdrawal liability with respect to the
pension plan. See Note 16, “Contingent Liabilities,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Sara Lee’s 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders for more information regarding these two matters. Sara Lee is vigorously
defending its rights in both situations; however, an unfavorable outcome with respect to one or both plans could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

The global nature of our business creates volatility in our effective tax rate. 

As a global
business, Sara Lee’s tax rate from period to period can be affected by many factors, including changes in tax legislation, our global mix of earnings, the tax characteristics of our income, acquisitions and dispositions, and the portion of the
income of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to remit to the U.S. We have disposed of several significant businesses in the past two years, which could increase our ongoing tax rate. In particular, the spin-off of our Branded Apparel Americas/Asia
business on September 5, 2006 could increase the effective tax rate of Sara Lee’s remaining business. Our branded apparel business historically has had a lower effective tax rate than the remainder of our businesses and generated a
significant amount of operating cash flow. The elimination of this cash flow has required us, and will continue to require us, to remit a greater portion of foreign earnings to the U.S. than we have historically, which has resulted in higher levels
of tax expense and cash taxes paid. 

11 

Table of Contents

Changes in our relationships with our major customers, or in the trade terms required by such customers, may reduce
sales and profits. 

Because of the competitive environment facing retailers, many of our customers have increasingly sought to
obtain pricing concessions or better trade terms. This trend has become more pronounced with increasing retailer consolidation and the rise in hard discounters in Europe. To the extent we provide concessions or better trade terms, our margins are
reduced. Further, if we are unable to maintain terms that are acceptable to our major trade customers, such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc., our largest customer, or our customers determine that less inventory is necessary to service consumers, these
customers could reduce purchases of our products and increase purchases of products from our competitors, which would harm our sales and profitability. 

Various food safety issues may negatively impact the consumption of meat products by our customers and may lead to increased governmental regulation. 

Food safety issues have received increased media attention over the past few years. Several prominent issues in the United States and Europe have been
concerns relating to “mad cow” disease, foot-and-mouth disease and the avian flu. Any future outbreak of livestock disease in the United States may result in adverse publicity and a loss of customer confidence in the protein products
affected by the particular disease. A reduction in consumption of such protein sources in the United States or Europe would have a negative impact on the profitability of our North American meats business. Outbreaks of livestock disease may also
result in import and export restrictions. 

New or more stringent governmental regulations could adversely affect our business. 

Food production and marketing are highly regulated by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign agencies. Changes in laws or regulations that impose
additional regulatory requirements on us, such as recent requirements regarding the labeling of trans-fat content, could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. In
addition, food safety practices and procedures in the meat processing industry recently have been subject to more intense scrutiny and oversight and future outbreaks of diseases among cattle, poultry or pigs could lead to further governmental
regulation. Increased governmental regulation resulting in changes in industry practices could increase our costs and reduce our margins. 

We are
subject to risks associated with our international operations, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries as well as our operations and assets in such countries.

In fiscal 2007, we generated approximately 71% of our operating segment income outside of the United States. In addition, 61% of our total assets are
located outside of the United States and we use non-U.S. third-party suppliers for inventory and distribution services. As a result, Sara Lee is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including:

•

 difficulties and costs associated with complying with, and enforcing remedies under, a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;

•

 different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments; 

•

 political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest; 

•

 nationalization of properties by foreign governments; 

•

 earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation; 

•

 potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 

•

 the imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; and 

12 

Table of Contents

•

 the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies, particularly the European euro, the British pound, the Australian
dollar and the Brazilian real. 

The occurrence of any of these events in the markets where Sara Lee operates or in other
developing markets could jeopardize or limit Sara Lee’s ability to transact business in those markets and could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

Changes in our credit ratings may have a negative impact on our financing costs in future periods. 

Sara Lee has numerous credit facilities available which management considers sufficient to satisfy our operating requirements. Our current short-term credit rating allows us to participate in a commercial paper market that has a large
number of potential investors and a high degree of liquidity. A downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, raise our commercial paper borrowing
costs, or both. 

Resolution of tax disputes may impact our earnings and cash flow. 

Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish accruals for certain tax
contingencies when, despite the belief that our tax return positions are fully supported, we believe that certain positions will be challenged and that our positions may not be fully sustained. The tax contingency accruals are adjusted in light of
changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals and changes to the accruals, including related interest and penalties, as
considered appropriate by management. When particular matters arise, a number of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate
in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate and may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. 

Environmental matters create potential liability risks. 

We must comply with various
environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including those relating to air emissions, water discharges, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination associated with
the use and disposal of hazardous substances. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations and in providing physical security for our worldwide
operations. We are currently involved in or have potential liability with respect to the remediation of past contamination in the operation of some of our presently and formerly owned and leased facilities. In addition, some of our present and
former facilities have been or had been in operation for many years, and over that time, some of these facilities may have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be considered hazardous. It is possible that those sites,
as well as disposal sites owned by third parties to which we have sent waste, may in the future be identified and become the subject of remediation. It is possible that we could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the future
that could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Failure to maximize or to successfully assert our
intellectual property rights could impact our competitiveness. 

We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to
protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot be sure that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own, or, where
appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future. In addition, even if such rights
are obtained in 

13 

Table of Contents

the United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States. Our failure to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

Failure of tobacco to remain a legal product in certain European nations would result in a loss of certain contingent sale proceeds.

We sold our European cut tobacco business in fiscal 1999. Under the terms of that agreement, we will receive an annual cash payment
of 95 million euros if tobacco continues to be a legal product in the Netherlands, Germany and Belgium through 2010. If tobacco ceases to be a legal product prior to that date in any or all of these countries, future cash payments associated
with the sale agreement will be reduced or eliminated in their entirety.