This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information incorporated herein by reference, contains certain forward-looking statements including the anticipated costs and benefits of restructuring actions, Sara
Lee’s access to credit markets and the corporation’s credit ratings, the funding of pension plans, potential payments under guarantees and amounts due under future contractual obligations and commitments. In addition, from time to time, in
oral statements and written reports, the corporation discusses its expectations regarding the corporation’s future performance by making forward-looking statements preceded by terms such as “expects,” “projects,”
“anticipates” or “believes.” These forward-looking statements are based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data, as well as management’s views and assumptions regarding future events, and are
inherently uncertain. Readers should recognize that actual results may differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The risk factors described below could have a material impact on Sara Lee’s business. 

Our profitability may suffer as a result of competition in our markets. 

The branded food industry is intensely competitive. To maintain and increase our market positions, we may need to increase expenditures on media, advertising, promotions and trade spend, and introduce new products and
line extensions. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or
increasing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. 

Our consumer products also are subject to significant price
competition. From time to time, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain 

8 

Table of Contents

market share. Such pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to raw material and other cost increases. Any reduction in prices
as a result of competitive pressures, or any failure to increase prices when raw material costs increase, would harm profit margins and, if our sales volumes fail to grow sufficiently to offset any reduction in margins, our results of operations
will suffer. 

Fluctuations in commodity prices could cause volatility in our operating costs and may reduce profits. 

Our businesses use many different types of commodities and inputs, including beef, pork, coffee, wheat, corn, corn syrup, soybean and corn oils, butter,
sugar and fuel. The prices of commodities we use are subject to volatility due to factors beyond our control, such as commodity market fluctuations, the availability of supply, weather, currency fluctuations, trade agreements among producing and
consuming nations, consumer demand and changes in governmental agricultural programs. In fiscal 2009 and 2008, we experienced significant increases in the prices of our commodities and other inputs and, going forward, we expect to continue to
experience additional price inflation and volatility in the prices of these commodities and other inputs. Commodity price increases directly impact our business by increasing the costs of raw materials used to make our products and the costs to
manufacture, package and ship our products. Commodity price decreases indirectly impact our business by creating pressure to decrease our prices. We use commodity financial derivative instruments and forward purchase contracts to hedge some of our
commodity price exposure, consistent with our overall risk management program. Over time, if commodity costs continue to increase, our operating costs will increase despite our commodity hedging program. Additionally, if we are not able to increase
our product prices to sufficiently offset increased raw material costs, as a result of consumer sensitivity to pricing or otherwise, or if unit volume sales are significantly reduced due to price increases, it could have a material negative impact
on our profitability. Conversely, if we are not able to maintain the prices of our products as commodity cost decrease, or if unit volume sales are significantly reduced due to our failure to decrease prices, it could have a material negative impact
on our profitability. 

We must leverage our brand value propositions to compete against private label products and maintain profitability during
economic downturns. 

In many product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products, but also with
private label or generic products that generally are sold at lower prices. Consumers’ willingness to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to maintain consumer perception that our products are of a higher quality and provide
greater value than less expensive alternatives. If the difference in quality between our brands and private label products narrows, or if there is a perception of such a narrowing, consumers may choose not to buy our products at prices that are
profitable for us. Furthermore, in periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more lower-priced private label or other economy brands, or to forego certain purchases altogether. We experienced this type of shift to lower-priced
brands and delayed or foregone purchases during the turbulent economy in fiscal 2009. To the extent this trend continues, we could experience a reduction in the sales volume of our higher margin products, or a shift in our product mix to lower
margin offerings. 

If our food products become contaminated or mislabeled, we might need to recall those items and may experience product liability
claims if consumers are injured. 

Most of our products are sold for human consumption or personal use, which involves a number of
legal risks. We may need to recall some of our products if they spoil, become contaminated, are tampered with or are mislabeled. A widespread product recall could result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer
confidence in our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands. We also may be subject to liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or in the event our
products cause injury, illness or death. In addition, we could be the target of claims that our advertising is false or deceptive under U.S. federal and state laws as well as foreign laws, including consumer protection statutes of some states. Even
if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful or is without merit, the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products could adversely affect our reputation and brand image. 

9 

Table of Contents

Our financial results are subject to currency fluctuations as a result of our significant international operations.

Almost half of our annual net sales are generated outside the United States. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in
U.S. dollars, while our international businesses report transactions in their respective local currencies. We translate results of transactions denominated in local currencies into U.S. dollars using market conversion rates applicable to the period
in which the transaction is reported. As a result, changes in exchange rates during a period can unpredictably and adversely affect our consolidated operating results and our asset and liability balances. Sara Lee is particularly affected by
fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Euro and, to a lesser extent, relative to the Brazilian real, British pound and Australian dollar. 

Current economic conditions may negatively impact demand for our products, which could adversely impact our sales and operating profit. 

Economic and market conditions have deteriorated significantly in many locations in which Sara Lee operates, including the United States and Europe, and these difficult conditions may continue to exist for the
foreseeable future. This deterioration has had and may continue to have a negative impact on our business. Economic uncertainty has created a shift in consumer preference toward private label products, and may result in increased pressure to reduce
the prices for some of our products and/or limit our ability to increase or maintain prices. Purchases of discretionary items by consumers, including some of our products, could decline during times of economic uncertainty. In addition, certain of
our reporting units, especially those carrying significant goodwill balances, indefinite lived intangibles or long-lived intangibles, could experience reduced profitability, which potentially could require us to recognize impairment charges. If any
of these events occur, or if the unfavorable economic conditions continue, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

Our pension
costs could substantially increase as a result of volatility in the equity markets or interest rates, and could be adversely impacted by other pension arrangements. 

As of the latest measurement date in June 2009, the projected benefit obligation of Sara Lee’s defined benefit pension plans was $4.2 billion and
total assets in such plans were $3.8 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, is a significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding
requirements of those plans. Changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets can impact the funded status of these plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of these plans. For example,
in fiscal 2010 we anticipate pension expense will increase approximately 85% primarily due to the devaluation of pension plan assets that occurred throughout fiscal 2009. The exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is
dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements in the jurisdictions in which Sara Lee operates, the tax deductibility of amounts funded and arrangements made with the trustees of certain foreign plans. A significant
increase in our pension funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

Sara Lee also is a participating
employer in various multi-employer pension plans that provide benefits to employees of multiple employers (“MEPP”). MEPPs are managed by trustee boards comprised of participating employer and labor union representatives, and the employers
participating in a MEPP are jointly responsible for maintaining the plan’s funding requirements. Based on the most recent information available to us, we believe that the present value of actuarially accrued liabilities in many of these MEPPs
substantially exceeds the value of the assets held in trust to pay benefits. As a result of our participation in MEPPs, we could experience greater volatility in our overall pension funding obligations because our obligations may be impacted by
the funded status of the plan, the plan’s investment performance, changes in the participant demographics, financial stability of contributing employers and changes in actuarial assumptions. 

10 

Table of Contents

If we don’t achieve targeted cost reductions and realize anticipated efficiencies from Project Accelerate, our
results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our future success and profitability depends in part on
our ability to be efficient in the manufacture and distribution of our products and in processing transactions with our customers and vendors. To improve operational efficiency, in fiscal 2009 we launched a comprehensive initiative called
“Project Accelerate,” which is designed to cut costs, improve margins and increase efficiency. One component of Project Accelerate is the outsourcing of significant portions of our North American and European financial transaction
processing, global IT applications development and maintenance, and global indirect procurement activities. We expect this program and previous initiatives to generate significant savings that we can invest in our growth initiatives and our
value-enhancing strategy. Our failure to generate significant cost savings and margin improvement from these initiatives could adversely affect our profitability and weaken our competitive position. Additionally, if the implementation of our
outsourcing initiative is disruptive to our business, we could experience transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales and customers, which could cause our business and results of operations to suffer. 

If we pursue strategic acquisitions or divestitures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired
businesses. 

From time to time, we evaluate potential acquisitions or divestitures that would further our strategic objectives.
With respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, or achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges, such as those
relating to personnel and technology. With respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirors or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the
accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or our divesture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. On March 30, 2009, we announced that we were reviewing strategic options for our International Household and Body Care
business and we currently are considering all alternatives for that business segment, including potential divestiture. Our acquisition or divestiture activities also may present financial and operational risks, including diversion of management
attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. 

Changes in our relationships with our major customers, or in the trade terms required by such customers, may reduce sales and profits. 

Because of the competitive environment facing retailers, many of our customers have increasingly sought to improve their profitability through pricing
concessions and increased promotional programs, more favorable trade terms and increased emphasis on private label products. This trend has become more pronounced with increasing retailer consolidation and the rise in hard discounters in Europe. To
the extent we provide concessions or trade terms that are favorable to customers, our margins would be reduced. Further, if we are unable to continue to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers, such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc., our
largest customer, or our customers determine that they need less inventory to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products or may increase purchases of products from our competitors, which would harm our sales and
profitability. 

New or more stringent governmental regulations could adversely affect our business. 

Food production and marketing are highly regulated by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign agencies. Changes in laws or regulations that impose
additional regulatory requirements on us—such as the recently proposed food safety legislation that would require registration fees and mandatory product testing—could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions, causing
our results of operations to be adversely affected. In addition, food safety practices and procedures in the meat processing industry recently have been subject to more intense scrutiny and oversight, and future outbreaks of diseases among cattle,
poultry or pigs 

11 

Table of Contents

could lead to further governmental regulation. Increased governmental regulation resulting in changes in industry practices as well as government led
voluntary initiatives, such as the recent initiative by New York City to reduce sodium content, could increase our costs and reduce our margins. 

Changes in our credit ratings may have a negative impact on our financing costs in future periods. 

We have several
credit facilities in place and Sara Lee’s credit rating is a significant factor that determines the pricing under these credit facilities. Negative changes in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs. In addition, our current
short-term credit rating allows us to participate in a commercial paper market that has a large number of potential investors and a high degree of liquidity. We access the commercial paper market for daily funding requirements. A downgrade in our
credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, increase our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both. 

The global nature of our business and the resolution of tax disputes creates volatility in our effective tax rate. 

As a global business, Sara Lee’s tax rate from period to period can be affected by many factors, including changes in tax legislation, our global mix of earnings, the tax characteristics of our income, the timing
and recognition of goodwill impairments, acquisitions and dispositions, and the portion of the income of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to remit to the U.S. As a result of the geographic mix of our business, we need to remit a significant
portion of the earnings of our foreign operations to the U.S. each year. This has resulted in higher levels of tax expense and cash taxes paid. 

In addition, significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish accruals for certain tax contingencies when, despite the belief that our tax return positions are fully
supported, we believe that certain positions will be challenged and that our positions may not be fully sustained. The tax contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law
and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals and changes to the accruals, including related interest and penalties, as considered appropriate by management. When particular matters arise, a number
of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any particular issue
could increase the effective tax rate and may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. 

We are subject to risks associated with our
international operations, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries as well as our operations and assets in such countries. 

In fiscal 2009, we generated approximately 45% of our sales and 60% of our operating segment income outside of the United States. In addition, approximately 54% of our total assets are located outside of the United
States and we use non-U.S. third-party suppliers for inventory and distribution services. As a result, Sara Lee is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: 

•

 difficulties and costs associated with complying with, and enforcing remedies under, a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;

•

 different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments, including without limitation potentially negative consequences from changes in
anti-competition and tax laws; 

•

 earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation; 

•

 the imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; and 

•

 political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest, and the nationalization of properties by foreign governments.

12 

Table of Contents

The occurrence of any of these events in the markets where Sara Lee operates or in other developing
markets could jeopardize or limit Sara Lee’s ability to transact business in those markets and could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

Failure to maximize or to successfully assert our intellectual property rights could impact our competitiveness. 

We
rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot be sure that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we
will not be able to obtain and perfect our own or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or
challenged in the future. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the
laws of the United States. Our failure to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.