This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information incorporated herein by reference, contains certain forward-looking statements
including the anticipated costs and benefits of restructuring actions, Sara Lee’s ability to complete and timetable for completing the divestiture of its International and Household and Body Care business, Sara Lee’s access to credit
markets and the corporation’s credit ratings, the funding of pension plans, potential payments under guarantees and amounts due under future contractual obligations and commitments. In addition, from time to time, in oral statements and written
reports, the corporation discusses its expectations regarding the corporation’s future performance by making forward-looking statements preceded by terms such as “expects,” “projects,” “anticipates” or
“believes.” These forward-looking statements are based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data, as well as management’s views and assumptions regarding future events, and are inherently uncertain. Readers
should recognize that actual results may differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The risk factors described below could have a material impact on Sara Lee’s business. 

Our profitability may suffer as a result of competition in our markets. 

The branded food industry is intensely competitive. To maintain and increase our market positions, we may need to increase expenditures on
media, advertising, promotions and trade spend, and introduce new products and line extensions. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer
acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or increasing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. 

Our consumer products also are subject to significant price competition. From time to time, we may need to reduce the prices for some of
our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Such pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to raw material and other cost increases. Any reduction in prices as a result of
competitive pressures, or any failure to increase prices when raw material costs increase, would harm profit margins and, if our sales volumes fail to grow sufficiently to offset any reduction in margins, our results of operations will suffer.

Fluctuations in commodity prices could cause volatility in our operating costs and may reduce profits. 

Our businesses use many different types of commodities and inputs, including beef, pork, coffee, wheat, corn, corn syrup, soybean and corn
oils, butter, sugar and energy. The prices of commodities we use are subject to volatility due to factors beyond our control, such as commodity market fluctuations, the availability of supply, weather, currency fluctuations, trade agreements among
producing and consuming nations, consumer demand and changes in governmental agricultural programs. We experienced significant increases in the prices of our commodities and other inputs in fiscal 2009 and, although commodity prices moderated in
fiscal 2010, we expect to experience significant price inflation and volatility in the prices of these commodities and other inputs in fiscal 2011. Commodity price increases directly impact our business by increasing the costs of raw materials used
to make our products and the costs to manufacture, package and ship our products. Decreases in commodity prices indirectly impact our business by creating pressure to decrease our prices. We use commodity financial derivative instruments and forward
purchase contracts to hedge some of our commodity price exposure, consistent with our overall risk management program. Over time, if commodity costs increase, our operating costs will increase despite our commodity hedging program. Additionally, if
we are not able to increase our product prices to sufficiently offset increased raw material costs, as a result of consumer sensitivity to pricing or otherwise, or if unit volume sales are significantly reduced due to price increases, it could have
a material negative impact on our profitability. Conversely, if we are not able to maintain the prices of our products as commodity costs decrease, or if unit volume sales are significantly reduced due to our failure to decrease prices, it could
have a material negative impact on our profitability. 

9 

Table of Contents

We must leverage our brand value propositions to compete against private label products and maintain
profitability during economic downturns. 

In many product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised
branded products, but also with private label or generic products that generally are sold at lower prices. Consumers’ willingness to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to maintain consumer perception that our products are of a
higher quality and provide greater value than less expensive alternatives. If the difference in quality between our brands and private label products narrows, or if there is a perception of such a narrowing, consumers may choose not to buy our
products at prices that are profitable for us. Furthermore, in periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more lower-priced private label or other economy brands, or to forego certain purchases altogether. We experienced this type
of shift to lower-priced brands and consumers delaying or forgoing purchases during the turbulent economy in fiscal 2009 and, to a lesser extent, in fiscal 2010. To the extent this trend continues, we could experience a reduction in the sales volume
of our higher margin products, or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. 

If our food products become contaminated or
mislabeled, we might need to recall those items and may experience product liability claims if consumers are injured. 

Most of our products are sold for human consumption or personal use, which involves a number of legal risks. We may need to recall some of
our products if they spoil, become contaminated, are tampered with or are mislabeled. A widespread product recall could result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands. We also may be subject to liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or in the event our products cause injury, illness or death. In
addition, we could be the target of claims that our advertising is false or deceptive under U.S. federal and state laws as well as foreign laws, including consumer protection statutes of some states. Even if a product liability or consumer fraud
claim is unsuccessful or is without merit, the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products could adversely affect our reputation and brand image. 

Our financial results are subject to currency fluctuations as a result of our significant international operations. 

Approximately 40% of our annual net sales, on a continuing operations basis, are generated outside the United States. Our consolidated
financial statements are prepared in U.S. dollars, while our international businesses report transactions in their respective local currencies. We translate results of transactions denominated in local currencies into U.S. dollars using market
conversion rates applicable to the period in which the transaction is reported. As a result, changes in exchange rates during a period can unpredictably and adversely affect our consolidated operating results and our asset and liability balances.
Sara Lee is particularly affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Euro and, to a lesser extent, relative to the Brazilian real, British pound and Australian dollar. A three cent movement in the Euro exchange rate is
expected to have an approximate one cent impact on our diluted earnings per share. 

Current economic conditions may negatively impact
demand for our products, which could adversely impact our sales and operating profit. 

Economic and market conditions
have deteriorated significantly in many locations in which Sara Lee operates, including the United States and Europe, and these difficult conditions may continue to exist for the foreseeable future. This deterioration has had and may continue
to have a negative impact on our business. Economic uncertainty has created a shift in consumer preference toward private label products, and may result in increased pressure to reduce the prices for some of our products and/or limit our ability to
increase or maintain prices. Purchases of discretionary items by consumers, including some of our products, could decline during times of economic uncertainty. In addition, certain of our reporting units, especially those carrying significant

10 

Table of Contents

goodwill balances, indefinite lived intangibles or long-lived intangibles, could experience reduced profitability, which potentially could require us to recognize impairment charges. If any of
these events occur, or if the unfavorable economic conditions continue, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

Our
pension costs could substantially increase as a result of volatility in the equity markets or interest rates, and could be adversely impacted by other pension arrangements. 

As of the latest measurement date in June 2010, the projected benefit obligation of Sara Lee’s defined benefit pension plans was $4.7
billion and total assets in such plans were $4.2 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, is a significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the
ongoing funding requirements of those plans. Changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets can impact the funded status of these plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of these
plans. The exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements in the jurisdictions in which Sara Lee operates, the tax deductibility of amounts funded
and arrangements made with the trustees of certain foreign plans. A significant increase in our pension funding requirements could require us to repatriate a greater amount of overseas earnings, which would increase our cash tax expense, and have a
negative impact on our ability to invest in the business. 

Sara Lee also is a participating employer in various multi-employer
pension plans that provide benefits to employees of multiple employers (“MEPP”). MEPPs are managed by trustee boards comprised of participating employer and labor union representatives, and the employers participating in a MEPP are jointly
responsible for maintaining the plan’s funding requirements. Based on the most recent information available to us, we believe that the present value of actuarially accrued liabilities in many of these MEPPs substantially exceeds the value of
the assets held in trust to pay benefits. As a result of our participation in MEPPs, we could experience greater volatility in our overall pension funding obligations because our obligations may be impacted by the funded status of the plan, the
plan’s investment performance, changes in participant demographics, financial stability of contributing employers and changes in actuarial assumptions. 

If we don’t achieve targeted cost reductions and realize anticipated efficiencies from Project Accelerate, our results of operations and
financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our future success and profitability depends in part on our ability
to be efficient in the manufacture and distribution of our products and in processing transactions with our customers and vendors. To improve operational efficiency, in fiscal 2009 we launched a comprehensive initiative called “Project
Accelerate,” which is designed to cut costs, improve margins and increase efficiency. One component of Project Accelerate is the outsourcing of significant portions of our North American and European financial transaction processing, global IT
applications development and maintenance, and global indirect procurement activities. We expect this program and previous initiatives to generate significant savings that we can invest in our growth initiatives and our value-enhancing strategy. Our
failure to generate significant cost savings and margin improvement from these initiatives could adversely affect our profitability and weaken our competitive position. Additionally, if the implementation of our outsourcing initiative is disruptive
to our business, we could experience transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales and customers, which could cause our business and results of operations to suffer. 

If we pursue strategic acquisitions or divestitures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate
acquired businesses. 

From time to time, we evaluate potential acquisitions or divestitures that would further our
strategic objectives. With respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, or achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges,
such as those relating to personnel and technology. With respect to proposed divestitures 

11 

Table of Contents

of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirors or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic
objectives, or our divesture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. Our acquisition or divestiture activities also may present financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from existing core
businesses, integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. 

During fiscal 2010, Sara Lee made substantial progress toward divesting its International Household and Body Care businesses; however the
completion of several of the announced transactions are subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory clearances. Any inability to complete the transactions already announced, due to regulatory restrictions or otherwise, or to divest the
remaining International Household and Body Care businesses on terms that are favorable to us could divert management’s attention from existing core businesses, impede our ability to complete our capital plans and have an adverse impact on our
financial results. In addition, we expect to recognize charges, most of which will be recognized in fiscal 2011, to eliminate stranded costs in connection with the International Household and Body Care divestitures and to expand the business process
outsourcing initiative announced in fiscal 2009. If we are not able to eliminate all or most of this stranded overhead post-divestiture, it could have a continuing negative impact on our results of operations. 

Changes in our relationships with our major customers, or in the trade terms required by such customers, may reduce sales and profits. 

Because of the competitive environment facing retailers, many of our customers have increasingly sought to improve their
profitability through pricing concessions and increased promotional programs, more favorable trade terms and increased emphasis on private label products. This trend has become more pronounced with increasing retailer consolidation and the rise in
hard discounters in Europe. To the extent we provide concessions or trade terms that are favorable to customers, our margins would be reduced. Further, if we are unable to continue to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers,
such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc., our largest customer, or our customers determine that they need less inventory to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products or may increase purchases of products from our competitors,
which would harm our sales and profitability. 

New or more stringent governmental regulations could adversely affect our business.

Food production and marketing are highly regulated by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign agencies. Changes
in laws or regulations that impose additional regulatory requirements on us—such as the recently proposed food safety legislation that would require registration fees and mandatory product testing—could increase our cost of doing business
or restrict our actions, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. In addition, food safety practices and procedures in the meat processing industry recently have been subject to more intense scrutiny and oversight, and future
outbreaks of diseases among cattle, poultry or pigs could lead to further governmental regulation. Increased governmental interest in advertising practices may result in regulations that could require us to change or restrict our advertising
practices. 

Increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern
over climate change may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us. We use natural gas, diesel fuel, and electricity in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. Legislation or
regulation affecting these inputs could materially affect our profitability. In addition, climate change could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience and may require us to make additional
unplanned capital expenditures. 

Additionally, our selling practices are regulated by competition authorities in the United
States and abroad. A finding that we are in violation of, or out of compliance with, applicable laws or regulations could subject us to civil remedies, including fines, damages, injunctions or product recalls, or criminal sanctions, any of which
could adversely affect our business. 

12 

Table of Contents

Changes in our credit ratings may have a negative impact on our financing costs in future periods.

We have one credit facility in place and Sara Lee’s credit rating is a significant factor that determines the
pricing under this credit facility. Negative changes in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs. In addition, our current short-term credit rating allows us to participate in a commercial paper market that has a large number of
potential investors and a high degree of liquidity. We access the commercial paper market for daily funding requirements. A downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial
paper we could issue, increase our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both. 

If we are not able to refinance outstanding debt within
the next two years, it could have an adverse impact on our cash flows and our ability to economically finance our operations. 

We have approximately $1.5 billion in outstanding indebtedness that will mature by September 2012. In addition, we have a $1.85 billion
five-year revolving credit facility, which supports our commercial paper borrowings and other financial instruments, that expires in December 2011. If we are unable to refinance our outstanding debt as it matures, due to market conditions or
otherwise, or if we are unable to renew our revolving credit facility, our cash available for operations and our capital plans would be negatively impacted. 

The global nature of our business and the resolution of tax disputes creates volatility in our effective tax rate. 

As a global business, Sara Lee’s tax rate from period to period can be affected by many factors, including changes in tax
legislation, our global mix of earnings, the tax characteristics of our income, the timing and recognition of goodwill impairments, acquisitions and dispositions, and the portion of the income of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to remit to the
U.S. As a result of the geographic mix of our business, we need to remit a significant portion of the earnings of our foreign operations to the U.S. each year. This has resulted in higher levels of tax expense and cash taxes paid. In addition, as
the divestiture of our International Household and Body Care businesses is completed, we expect that our tax rate and tax expense will increase. 

In addition, significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish
accruals for certain tax contingencies when, despite the belief that our tax return positions are fully supported, we believe that certain positions will be challenged and may not be fully sustained. The tax contingency accruals are adjusted in
light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals and changes to the accruals, including related interest and
penalties, as considered appropriate by management. When particular matters arise, a number of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our
effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate and may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. 

We are subject to risks associated with our international operations, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries as
well as our operations and assets in such countries. 

In fiscal 2010, we generated approximately 40% of our net sales
and 50% of our operating segment income outside of the United States. In addition, approximately 40% of our total assets are located outside of the United States and we use non-U.S. third-party suppliers for inventory and distribution services. As a
result, Sara Lee is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: 

•

 difficulties and costs associated with complying with, and enforcing remedies under, a wide variety of complex foreign laws, treaties and regulations;

•

 different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments, including without limitation potentially negative consequences from
changes in anti-competition and tax laws; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation; 

•

 the imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;

•

 difficulties and costs associated with complying with U.S. laws and regulations, such as FCPA, applicable to entities with overseas operations;

•

 increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; and 

•

 political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest, and the nationalization of properties by foreign governments.

The occurrence of any of these events in the markets where Sara Lee operates or in other developing markets
could jeopardize or limit Sara Lee’s ability to transact business in those markets and could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

Failure to maximize or to successfully assert our intellectual property rights could impact our competitiveness. 

We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot be sure that these
intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new
product introductions. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the United States, the laws of some of the other countries
in which our products are or may be sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Our failure to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less
competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Sara Lee’s success
depends largely on the continued availability of key personnel. 

Much of Sara Lee’s future success depends on the
continued availability of skilled personnel, including our senior management team and other key employees. If we are unable to attract and retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key employees, or if we are unable to
effectively provide for the succession of senior management, including our CEO, our business may be adversely affected. On August 9, 2010, Sara Lee announced that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Brenda C. Barnes, would not be
returning to the company, after suffering a stroke and being on medical leave since May 14, 2010. Sara Lee’s Board of Directors has initiated a global process to select a new Chief Executive Officer and is considering both internal and
external candidates. There can be no assurance that the uncertainty relating to our Chief Executive Officer position will not have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.