This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information incorporated herein by reference, contains certain forward-looking statements including the anticipated costs and benefits of restructuring actions, Sara Lee’s access to credit
markets and the corporation’s credit ratings, the funding of pension plans, potential payments under guarantees and amounts due under future contractual obligations and commitments. In addition, from time to time, in oral statements and written
reports, the corporation discusses its expectations regarding the corporation’s future performance by making forward-looking statements preceded by terms such as “expects,” “projects,” “anticipates” or
“believes.” These forward-looking statements are based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data, as well as management’s views and assumptions regarding future events, and are inherently uncertain. Readers
should recognize that actual results may differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The risk factors described below could have a material impact on Sara Lee’s business. 

Our profitability may suffer as a result of competition in our markets. 

The branded food industry is intensely competitive. To maintain and increase our market positions, we may need to increase expenditures on media, advertising and promotions, and introduce new products and line
extensions. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or increasing
our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. 

8 

Table of Contents

Our consumer products also are subject to significant price competition. From time to time, we may need
to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Such pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to raw material and other cost increases. Any
reduction in prices as a result of competitive pressures, or any failure to increase prices when raw material costs increase, would harm profit margins and, if our sales volumes fail to grow sufficiently to offset any reduction in margins, our
results of operations will suffer. 

Commodity price increases would increase operating costs and may reduce profits. 

Our businesses use many different types of commodities and inputs, including beef, pork, coffee, wheat, corn, corn syrup, soybean and corn oils, butter,
sugar and fuel. The prices of commodities we use are subject to volatility due to factors beyond our control, such as commodity market fluctuations, the availability of supply, weather, currency fluctuations, trade agreements among producing and
consuming nations, consumer demand and changes in governmental agricultural programs. In fiscal 2008 and 2007, we experienced significant increases in the prices of our commodities and other inputs, and we expect the prices of these commodities and
other inputs to continue to rise in fiscal 2009. Commodity price increases directly impact our business by increasing the costs of raw materials used to make our products and the costs of inputs to manufacture, package and ship our products. We use
commodity financial instruments to hedge some commodity prices, but not at significant levels and not for long durations of time. Over time, if commodity costs continue to increase, our operating costs will increase despite our commodity hedging
program. Additionally, if we are not able to increase our product prices to sufficiently offset increased raw material costs, as a result of consumer sensitivity to pricing or otherwise, or if unit volume sales are significantly reduced due to price
increases, it could have a material negative impact on our profitability. 

We must leverage our brand value propositions to remain competitive and
maintain profitability during economic downturns. 

In many product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised
branded products, but also with private label or generic products that generally are sold at lower prices. Consumers’ willingness to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to maintain consumer perception that our products are of a
higher quality and provide greater value than less expensive alternatives. If the difference in quality between our brands and private label products narrows, or if there is a perception of such a narrowing, consumers may choose not to buy our
products at prices that are profitable for us. Furthermore, in periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more private label or other economy brands, or to forego certain purchases altogether. To the extent this occurs, we could
experience a reduction in the sales volume of our higher margin products, or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. 

If our food
products become adulterated or misbranded, we might need to recall those items and may experience product liability claims if consumers are injured. 

Most of our products are sold for human consumption or personal use, which involves a number of legal risks. We may need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or misbranded. A widespread product
recall could result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands. We also may be subject to
liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or in the event our products cause injury, illness or death. In addition, we could be the target of claims that our advertising is false or deceptive under U.S. federal
and state laws as well as foreign laws, including consumer protection statutes of some states. Even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful or is without merit, the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our
products could adversely affect our reputation and brand image. 

9 

Table of Contents

Our financial results are subject to currency fluctuations as a result of our significant international operations.

Almost half of our annual net sales are generated outside the United States. Our consolidated financial statements are
prepared in U.S. dollars, while our international businesses report transactions in their respective local currencies. We translate results of transactions denominated in local currencies into U.S. dollars using market conversion rates applicable to
the period in which the transaction is reported. As a result, changes in exchange rates during a period can unpredictably and adversely affect our consolidated operating results and our asset and liability balances. Sara Lee is particularly
affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and the Euro and, to a lesser extent, the Brazilian real, British pound and Australian dollar. 

Our pension costs could substantially increase as a result of volatility in the equity markets or interest rates, and could be adversely impacted by other pension arrangements. 

As of the latest measurement date in March 2008, the projected benefit obligation of Sara Lee’s defined benefit pension plans was $4.74 billion and
total assets in such plans were $4.42 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, is a significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding
requirements of those plans. Changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets can impact the funded status of these plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of these plans. In addition,
in April 2006 we signed an agreement with the trustees of the Sara Lee U.K. Pension Plan in which we agreed to fully fund certain U.K. pension obligations by 2015. Under this agreement, Sara Lee will make annual contributions to the Plan of
32 million British pounds through 2015; however, the annual payments may be increased 20% if Sara Lee ceases to maintain specified credit ratings. After 2015, Sara Lee has agreed to keep the U.K. plan fully funded in accordance with local
funding standards. The exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements in the jurisdictions in which the company operates, the tax deductibility of
amounts funded and arrangements made with the trustees of certain foreign plans. A significant increase in our pension funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

Sara Lee also is a participating employer in various multi-employer pension plans (“MEPP”). MEPPs are a type of pension plan that provides
benefits to employees of multiple employers, and all participating employers are jointly responsible for maintaining the plan’s funding requirements. As a result of our participation in these types of plans, we could experience greater
volatility in our overall pension funding obligations because our obligations may be impacted by the financial stability of, and potentially other activities taken by, other participating employers. 

If we pursue strategic acquisitions or divestitures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired
businesses. 

From time to time, we evaluate potential acquisitions or divestitures that would further our strategic objectives.
With respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, or achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges, such as those
relating to personnel and technology. With respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirors or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the
accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or our divesture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. Our acquisition or divestiture activities also may present financial and operational risks, including diversion of
management attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. 

10 

Table of Contents

Changes in our relationships with our major customers, or in the trade terms required by such customers, may reduce
sales and profits. 

Because of the competitive environment facing retailers, many of our customers have increasingly sought to
improve their profitability through pricing concessions and increased promotional programs, more favorable trade terms and increased emphasis on private label products. This trend has become more pronounced with increasing retailer consolidation and
the rise in hard discounters in Europe. To the extent we provide concessions or better trade terms, our margins would be reduced. Further, if we are unable to continue to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers, such as Wal-Mart
Stores Inc., our largest customer, or our customers determine that less inventory is necessary to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products and increase purchases of products from our competitors, which would harm our
sales and profitability. 

New or more stringent governmental regulations could adversely affect our business. 

Food production and marketing are highly regulated by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign agencies. Changes in laws or regulations that impose
additional regulatory requirements on us, such as recent requirements regarding the labeling of trans-fat content, could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. In
addition, food safety practices and procedures in the meat processing industry recently have been subject to more intense scrutiny and oversight and future outbreaks of diseases among cattle, poultry or pigs could lead to further governmental
regulation. Increased governmental regulation resulting in changes in industry practices could increase our costs and reduce our margins. 

Changes in
our credit ratings may have a negative impact on our financing costs in future periods. 

We have several credit facilities in place
and management believes that these facilities are sufficient to fund our operating requirements. One of the significant factors that determine the pricing under these credit facilities is Sara Lee’s credit rating, and negative changes in our
credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs. In addition, our current short-term credit rating allows us to participate in a commercial paper market that has a large number of potential investors and a high degree of liquidity. A downgrade in
our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, increase our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both. 

The global nature of our business and the resolution of tax disputes creates volatility in our effective tax rate. 

As a global business, Sara Lee’s tax rate from period to period can be affected by many factors, including changes in tax legislation, our global mix of earnings, the tax characteristics of our income, the timing
and recognition of goodwill impairments, acquisitions and dispositions, and the portion of the income of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to remit to the U.S. As a result of the geographic mix of our business, we are required to remit a
significant portion of the earnings of our foreign operations to the U.S. each year. This has resulted in higher levels of tax expense and cash taxes paid. 

In addition, significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish accruals for certain tax contingencies when, despite the belief that our tax return
positions are fully supported, we believe that certain positions will be challenged and that our positions may not be fully sustained. The tax contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of
tax audits, case law and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals and changes to the accruals, including related interest and penalties, as considered appropriate by management. When particular
matters arise, a number of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of
any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate and may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. 

11 

Table of Contents

Our information technology resources must achieve targeted cost reductions and realize anticipated benefits from
the conversion to a common IT system or our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our future
success and profitability depends in part on our ability to be efficient in the manufacture and distribution of our products and in processing transactions with our customers and vendors. To improve operational efficiency, we have launched an
ongoing continuous improvement initiative and invested significant resources in a common information technology system across the organization. Our failure to generate significant cost savings and margin improvement from these initiatives could
adversely affect our profitability and weaken our competitive position. Additionally, if the transition to our common information technology system is disruptive to our business or if the system does not perform as we anticipate, we could experience
transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales and customers, which could cause our business and results of operations to suffer. 

We are subject to risks associated with our international operations, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries as well as our operations and assets in such countries.

In fiscal 2008, we generated approximately 48% of our sales and 69% of our operating segment income outside of the United States. In addition,
approximately 56% of our total assets are located outside of the United States and we use non-U.S. third-party suppliers for inventory and distribution services. As a result, Sara Lee is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties relating to
international sales and operations, including: 

•

 difficulties and costs associated with complying with, and enforcing remedies under, a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;

•

 different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments, including potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws;

•

 earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation; 

•

 the imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; and 

•

 political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest, and the nationalization of properties by foreign governments.

The occurrence of any of these events in the markets where Sara Lee operates or in other developing markets could
jeopardize or limit Sara Lee’s ability to transact business in those markets and could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

Failure to maximize or to successfully assert our intellectual property rights could impact our competitiveness. 

We
rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot be sure that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we
will not be able to obtain and perfect our own, or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or
challenged in the future. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the
laws of the United States. Our failure to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.