This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information incorporated herein by reference, contains certain forward-looking statements including the anticipated costs and benefits of restructuring actions, Sara 

7 

Lee’s access to credit markets and the corporation’s credit ratings, the planned extinguishment of debt, the funding of pension plans, potential
payments under guarantees and amounts due under future contractual obligations and commitments. In addition, from time to time, in oral statements and written reports, the corporation discusses its expectations regarding the corporation’s
future performance by making forward-looking statements preceded by terms such as “expects,” “projects,” “anticipates” or “believes.” These forward-looking statements are based on currently available
competitive, financial and economic data, as well as management’s views and assumptions regarding future events, and are inherently uncertain. Readers should recognize that actual results may differ from those expressed or implied in the
forward-looking statements. The risk factors described below could have a material impact on Sara Lee’s business. 

Sara Lee’s potential inability to implement the transformation plan, or to realize the anticipated benefits of the transformation plan, could adversely affect
our results of operations and financial condition. 

On
February 10, 2005, Sara Lee announced a transformation plan designed to improve performance and better position Sara Lee for long-term growth. Our transformation plan is designed to focus Sara Lee’s business portfolio and to dramatically
increase operating efficiency and generate significant cost savings by fiscal 2010. These plans include integrating our businesses into the new business structure described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and consolidating our North American and
European headquarters in the Chicago area and in Utrecht. The projected cost savings from these plans are important to enable Sara Lee to make the needed marketing and R&D investments to achieve our business growth goals and to improve ongoing
financial returns. If Sara Lee is unable to implement any of the elements of the transformation plan as planned, we may not reap the anticipated benefits of the plan. Any negative impact the transformation plan has on our relationships with
employees, major customers, vendors or our cost of funds, and any failure to generate the anticipated efficiencies and savings from the plan, also could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

Sara Lee is subject to risks associated with our international operations, which could
negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries as well as our operations and assets in such countries. 

In fiscal year 2006, we derived approximately 34% of our net sales from customers located outside of the United States. In addition, we have substantial
assets located outside of the United States and use non-U.S. third-party suppliers for inventory and distribution services. As a result, Sara Lee is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations,
including: 

•

difficulties and costs associated with complying with, and enforcing remedies under, a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; 

•

different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments; 

•

political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest; 

•

nationalization of properties by foreign governments; 

•

tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation; 

•

potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 

•

the imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; and 

•

the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies, particularly the European euro, the British pound, the Australian dollar and the
Brazilian real. 

The occurrence of any of these
events in the markets where Sara Lee operates or in other developing markets could jeopardize or limit Sara Lee’s ability to transact business in those markets and could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

8 

Our profitability may suffer as a result of competition in our markets. 

The brand-name consumer products industry is intensely competitive. In order
to protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this highly competitive retail environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for promotions and advertising and introduce and establish new products. Due to
inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing our market share
and could result in lower sales and profits. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks as a result of competing for customers in a highly competitive retail environment. 

Our consumer products also are subject to significant price competition. From
time to time, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Such pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to raw material and
other cost increases. Any reduction in prices as a result of competitive pressures, or any failure to increase prices when raw material costs increase, would harm profit margins and, if our sales volumes fail to grow sufficiently to offset any
reduction in margins, our results of operations will suffer. 

As a result
of the transformation plan, we may be required to take additional write downs in connection with impairment of our intangible assets. 

Intangible assets and goodwill comprise a significant portion of our total assets. Intangible assets include trademarks, customer relationships, software
and certain contractual relationships. 85% of all of Sara Lee’s intangible assets have a finite life and are amortized, and 15% have an indefinite life and are not amortized. Intangible assets with a finite life are tested for recoverability
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Such events include adverse changes in the business climate, current period operating or cash flow losses, forecasted continuing losses or a
current expectation that an asset group will be disposed of before the end of its useful life. An impairment review of goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization is conducted at least once a year and if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In implementing the transformation plan, we disposed of several of our businesses and also disposed or abandoned certain other intangible assets. As a result of such actions,
we recognized a number of impairment charges relating to these activities. Similar events may require us to recognize increased levels of future intangible amortization, or incur charges to recognize the impairment of certain other assets.

Sara Lee may not be able to implement the capital structure strategic
initiatives we announced or realize the anticipated benefits of these strategic initiatives. 

Sara Lee has announced several major capital structure initiatives that we intend to implement as we complete the transformation plan. In particular, we
announced that we intend to (i) repurchase approximately $2 billion of our common stock during the transformation period, with $500 million being repurchased in fiscal 2007, (ii) use divestiture proceeds and cash from operations to
reduce debt by $1.0 billion in fiscal 2007, and (iii) continue to target a dividend payout ratio of 40% to 50%. These initiatives are designed to return value to shareholders, optimize our capital structure and help us maintain a strong credit
profile as we complete the transformation plan. We believe that we will be able to generate sufficient cash necessary to implement each of these initiatives and maintain current investments in our businesses, but there is no guarantee that this will
be the case. Even if we are able to implement these capital structure initiatives, there is no guarantee that they will achieve their intended results. In particular, we cannot be certain that the initiatives will not result in a downgrade of our
credit ratings or that committing cash to these initiatives will be viewed by analysts and investors as an appropriate use of our resources. 

Volatility in the equity markets or interest rates could substantially increase our pension costs. 

The projected benefit obligation and assets of Sara Lee’s defined
benefit pension plans as of the end of fiscal 2006 was $5.8 billion and $4.7 million, respectively. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or 

9 

the funded status of the plans, is a significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding
requirements of those plans. Changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets can impact the funded status of these plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of these plans. In addition,
in April 2006 we signed an agreement with the trustees of the Sara Lee U.K. Pension Plan in which we agreed to make specified payments to the Plan each year through 2015, and then make a lump sum payment in 2016, if necessary, to ensure the Plans
have achieved the level of funding required by U.K. legislation. Under this agreement, the amount of the annual payments may be increased 20% if Sara Lee ceases to maintain specified credit ratings, and the lump sum payment we may be required to
make in 2016 will depend upon changes in interest rate and the market value of assets in the U.K. Pension Plan. A significant increase in our pension funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

The transformation plan is expected to increase Sara Lee’s effective tax rate.

As a global business, Sara Lee’s tax rate from
period to period can be affected by many factors, including changes in tax legislation, our global mix of earnings, the tax characteristics of our income, acquisitions and dispositions, and the portion of the income of foreign subsidiaries that we
expect to remit to the U.S. In connection with our transformation plan, we disposed of several significant businesses, which will impact our future results in several ways. First, the tax expense or benefit directly associated with these
dispositions will impact our net income and liquidity. Second, the spin off of the Branded Apparel Americas/Asia business, which was completed on September 5, 2006, will increase the effective tax rate of Sara Lee’s remaining business. The
Branded Apparel Americas/Asia business historically has had a lower effective tax rate than the remainder of the business and generates a significant amount of operating cash flow. The elimination of this cash flow may require us to remit a greater
portion of the earnings of foreign subsidiaries to the U.S. than we have historically, which is likely to result in higher levels of tax expense and cash taxes paid. 

Changes in our relationship with our major customers, or in the trade terms required by such customers, may reduce sales and profits.

Because of the competitive environment facing
retailers, many of our customers have increasingly sought to obtain pricing concessions or better trade terms. This trend has become more pronounced with increasing retailer consolidation and the rise in hard discounters in Europe. To the extent we
provide concessions or better trade terms, our margins are reduced. Further, if we are unable to maintain terms that are acceptable to our major trade customers, such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc., our largest customer, or our customers determine that
less inventory is necessary to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products and increase purchases of products from our competitors, which would harm our sales and profitability. 

Commodity price increases would increase operating costs and may reduce profits.

We use many different commodities in our various
businesses, including beef, pork, coffee, wheat, cotton, corn, corn syrup, soybean and corn oils, butter and sugar. Commodities are subject to price volatility caused by commodity market fluctuations, the quality and availability of supply, weather,
currency fluctuations, trade agreements among producing and consuming nations, consumer demand and changes in governmental agricultural programs. Commodity price increases result in corresponding increases in our raw material costs. We do use
commodity financial instruments to hedge commodity prices, but not at significant levels. We may be able to pass some or all of raw material cost increases to customers in the form of higher product prices; however higher product prices may also
result in a reduction in unit volume. If we are not able to increase our product prices to significantly offset increased raw material costs, or if unit volume sales are significantly reduced, it could have a negative impact on our profitability.

Various food safety issues may negatively impact the consumption of meat
products by our customers and may lead to increased governmental regulation. 

Food safety issues have received increased media attention over the past few years. One prominent issue in the United States and Europe has been concern relating to “mad cow” disease. Any future outbreak of
livestock 

10 

disease in the United States may result in adverse publicity and a loss of customer confidence in the protein products affected by the particular disease. A
reduction in consumption of such protein sources in the United States or Europe would have a negative impact on the profitability of our North American meats business. Outbreaks of livestock disease may also result in import and export restrictions.

The food production industry is also subject to extensive
government regulation. Our U.S. food processing facilities and food products are subject to frequent inspection by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), and our meat business in Mexico is regulated by local authorities in a similar
fashion. Recently, the food safety practices and procedures in the meat processing industry have been subject to more intense scrutiny and oversight and future outbreaks of diseases among cattle, poultry or pigs could lead to further governmental
regulation. We anticipate increased regulation by various governmental agencies concerning food safety. More stringent requirements could result in changes in industry practices that could increase our costs and reduce margins. 

Changes in our credit ratings may have a negative impact on our financing costs in
future periods. 

Sara Lee has numerous credit
facilities available which management considers sufficient to satisfy our operating requirements. Our current short-term credit rating allows us to participate in a commercial paper market that has a large number of potential investors and a high
degree of liquidity. A downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, raise our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both. 

Resolution of tax disputes may impact our earnings and cash flow. 

Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate
and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish accruals for certain tax contingencies when, despite the belief that our tax return positions are fully supported, we believe that certain positions will be challenged and that our positions may not
be fully sustained. The tax contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals
and changes to the accruals, including related interest and penalties, as considered appropriate by management. When particular matters arise, a number of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of
such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate and may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.

Environmental matters create potential liability risks.

We must comply with various environmental laws and
regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including those relating to air emissions, water discharges, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination associated with the use and disposal of
hazardous substances. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations and in providing physical security for our worldwide operations. We are
currently involved in or have potential liability with respect to the remediation of past contamination in the operation of some of our presently and formerly owned and leased facilities. In addition, some of our present and former facilities have
been or had been in operation for many years, and over that time, some of these facilities may have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be considered hazardous. It is possible that those sites, as well as disposal
sites owned by third parties to which we have sent waste, may in the future be identified and become the subject of remediation. It is possible that we could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the future that could result in
an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Failure to maximize or to successfully assert our intellectual property rights could impact our competitiveness. 

We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot be sure that these intellectual
property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. 

11 

There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own, or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new
product introductions. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the United States, the laws of some of the other countries
in which our products are or may be sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Our failure to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less
competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Failure of tobacco to remain a legal product in certain European nations would result in a loss of certain contingent sale proceeds. 

We sold our European cut tobacco business in fiscal 1999. Under the terms of that agreement, we will receive an annual cash
payment of 95 million euros if tobacco continues to be a legal product in the Netherlands, Germany and Belgium through 2010. If tobacco ceases to be a legal product prior to that date in any or all of these countries, future cash payments
associated with the sale agreement will be reduced or eliminated in their entirety.