.

” for a discussion of additional burdens, risks and regulatory developments that may 

affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
Proprietary Rights
We hold trademarks relating to the “Henry Schein
®
” name and logo, as well as certain other trademarks. We intend 

to protect our trademarks to the fullest extent practicable. 

Employees and Human Capital 
Environment, Social and Governance 
Henry Schein has remained steadfastly committed over our nine-decade history to the core philosophy that our 

purpose-driven mission of "doing good" for our stakeholders is inextricably linked to our Company "doing well" in 

business through our stakeholder engagement model “our Mosaic of Success”. We balance the needs of our five 

key stakeholders – Team Schein Members (TSMs), our Customers, our Suppliers, our Stockholders, and Society – 
to continue to drive our sustainability and ESG efforts to foster a healthier planet and healthier people.
 Overseen 

by the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors with the Compensation Committee also 

playing a role in ESG matters related to human capital engagement and executive compensation, key 2022 

sustainability and ESG highlights included: 
●
With the backdrop of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the humanitarian crises in Ukraine and other 
regions, we continued our efforts to drive an overall culture of wellness and engagement for our TSMs as 

we navigated a new hybrid work environment and ensure supply chain resiliency to support our customers 

and our communities. Henry Schein was named Chair of the Private Sector Roundtable
 on Global Health 

Security, and continued its work across sectors to support the creation of market intelligence platforms that 
enable the appropriate sharing of real-time supply chain data, including through the WHO's Pandemic 

Supply Chain Network and various national efforts, including the U.S. Supply Chain Control Tower. 

●
(i) Publishing our annual Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability Report according to the Global 

Reporting Initiative and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board reporting standards and issuing our 

first Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures report; (ii) committing to announcing our carbon 
reduction goal by the end of 2023; (iii) continued initiatives and programs to advance health equity efforts 

to promote access to care for underserved and underrepresented communities, investing in diversity for 

greater health equity in partnership with health care professionals, and increasing awareness of health 

equity needs globally; (iv) announced the top line findings of our pay equity analysis across the U.S., which 

reviews compensation across gender and ethnic groups; (v) expanding our Diversity and Inclusion (“D&I”) 

learning journey, such as by educating global directors and vice presidents on more advanced topics of D&I 
including privilege and equity, as well as offering education to all global TSMs below director level on the 
importance of D&I; and (vi) continuing to drive a culture of wellness for our TSMs by fostering an 

environment where they can feel engaged, included and psychologically safe. 

At Henry Schein, our employees are our greatest asset. We employ more than 22,000 people, approximately 50% 

of our workforce is based in the United States and approximately 50% is based outside of the United States.

Approximately 12% of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our 

relations with our employees are excellent. 
We refer to our employees as Team Schein Members, or “TSMs.” Our TSMs are the cornerstone
 of the Company.

We have a strong values-based culture that cultivates a meaningful employee experience that is centered around 
people. We know our business success is built on the engagement and commitment of our team, which is dedicated 

to meeting the needs of their fellow TSMs, our customers, supplier partners, stockholders and society.
 As part of 

this commitment, our highlights in 2022 included: 

Table of Contents

20 
●
Nurturing a connected community for a happier, more engaged, collaborative work environment. 

We 
continue to adapt to the new way of working for our TSMs by listening to their needs.
 With TSMs working 

remotely, hybrid and in-person, our goal is to continue to create a collaborative community where every 
TSM feels connected to our culture. Through various virtual and in-person programming from our 

Employee Resource Groups, Wellness Committee and Team Schein Engagement team, we continue to 
bring TSMs together in a meaningful way through virtual education sessions and networking events.
 To 

help create a sense of connection and belonging amongst the team, we launched “TSM Experience Panels,” 

which feature TSMs who share their authentic experiences and offer advice and best practices on specific 

topics. We offer a variety of opportunities to volunteer for team-building and engaging in their local 
communities in which they live and work such as through the We Care Global Challenge, Back to School, 
and Holiday Cheer. In addition, they can “help health happen” by participating in key programs and 
initiatives (e.g., Gives Kids A Smile, Healthy Lifestyles, Healthy Communities and Release the Pressure) 

that partner with industry associations, customers, and suppliers to support access to quality health care for 

underserved and underrepresented communities. We continue to evaluate the engagement of our team 

through various listening mechanisms including roundtables, hosted by our CEO and Executive 

Management Committee (“EMC”), and various surveys, including The Pulse, our global culture survey that 

evaluates TSM engagement globally with results reviewed by senior leaders, reported to the Board of 

Directors (“BOD”). Throughout 2022, we held 10 solutions-focused roundtables
 hosted by our EMC 

members with over 100 TSMs to dive in deeper and influence our strategy on programs and processes 

designed to further enhance our culture. 

●
Driving a culture of wellness for our team members and society. 

In 2020, we launched a Mental Wellness 
Committee with a mission to drive a culture of wellness and empower every TSM to be their best self, 

mentally, emotionally and physically. The Committee provides resources, guidance and support,
 and 

works across our businesses to establish enhanced workplace norms to help improve and safeguard our 

TSMs’ wellness. We actively engage leadership, including our CEO, EMC, BOD and TSMs alike in 

conversations around the importance of wellness in the workplace. In 2022, we rolled-out an EMC video 

series that focused on being more intentional in the way we work across our business.
 These new 

workplace norms focused on meeting and technology etiquette, successful calendaring, establishing and 

communicating reasonable expectations and prioritization, the importance of taking and respecting time 

off, and the importance of making time for social connection. In addition to expanding education on key 

mental health topics in partnership with our employee assistance vendor, we also rolled-out manager-
specific education to provide tips on how to identify signs of burnout and have conversations around 

wellness with their teams. With the rise of suicide rates around the world, the Wellness Committee held 

seminars for the team on suicide prevention and hosted in-person community walks that resulted in 

donations to local suicide prevention organizations globally. 

●
Being committed to enhancing our D&I initiatives.
 We believe a diverse workforce fosters innovation and 

cultivates an environment filled with unique perspectives. As a result, D&I helps us meet the needs of 

customers around the world and provide our TSMs an inclusive environment where they feel they belong.

We measure our success in D&I through, among other things, our global culture survey, where results in 
2021 showed D&I is our top strength out of 14 focus areas. To guide our efforts and education related to 
D&I, our Diversity and Inclusion Council, with engagement from our BOD and EMC, drives the 

Company’s overall D&I strategy. To deepen our commitment to D&I across the Company, Global 

Directors and Vice Presidents each have a goal tied to their compensation to champion D&I and attend 
education. We continue to expand our D&I learning journey, educating global Directors and Vice 

Presidents on key D&I topics including leading inclusively, bias and equity. We also continue to educate 

our global TSMs on the importance of D&I. Additionally, we promote engagement by utilizing our 
Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”), which we continue to expand, as an inclusive and diverse vehicle 

for all TSMs to share, connect, learn and develop both personally and professionally.
 Each of our ERGs 

has a sponsor from our Executive Management Committee and our BOD and our CEO engages directly in 

many of our ERG programs. While inclusion continues to remain a top priority, we also understand the 

importance of ensuring our internal team reflects the diversity of our customers and society.
 In addition to 

our current gender parity by 2030 goal, we announced a new goal in 2022 with an enhanced focus on 

Table of Contents

21 
increasing the diversity of all underrepresented groups in senior leadership levels through our talent 

planning, compensation and recruitment processes, in alignment with our corporate strategic planning 

objectives to achieve concrete results. We continue to disclose additional diversity data, with frequent 

reporting to the EMC and BOD. In 2022, we published our United States Equal Employment Opportunity 

Commission (“EEOC”) EEO-1 data for the U.S. for the first time. We continue to enhance our recruiting 

strategy by developing and investing in strategic hires who complement our D&I mission.
 We believe that 

these efforts will serve as a critical steppingstone as we continue to strengthen our D&I initiatives in an 

effort to meet the evolving needs of our customers, supplier partners, TSMs, stockholders and society.

●
Understanding that growth, recognition and purpose are key pillars to TSM fulfillment.
 Personal and 

professional development of our TSMs is important to us. As such, we invest in our employees by 

providing both formal and informal learning opportunities that are focused on growing and enhancing 

knowledge, skills and abilities. TSMs globally are offered a broad suite of professional development 

training programs targeted to specific learning opportunities based on their current and potential future role 

within the Company. We also offer over 50 organizational and development training courses designed to 

aid in the overall development and advancement of skills and competencies to enable organizational 

success. Executive education, mentorship and coaching programs also
 form an important part of our 

development and career support initiatives. Additionally, we continued to see an increase in participation 

in our Organizational Development initiatives in 2022 with our TSMs reporting a high utilization of skills 

learned. Talent planning efforts are also an integral part of our commitment to ensure a strong diverse 

leadership pipeline across the organization. Through a formal global process, we strategically identify and 

develop talent through targeted development opportunities and intentional succession plans.
 We 

continuously identify potential management successors as part of our succession planning process.

Information derived from talent planning efforts informs curriculum design and content to help focus on the 

right capabilities and help ensure alignment of career development efforts with the future needs of the 

organization. Our BOD is provided with periodic updates regarding our
 talent and succession planning 

efforts and participates in professional development activities with our TSMs. We know recognition and 

purpose are also key pillars to TSM engagement, so we continue to find ways to recognize our TSMs 

through our annual performance review process, and various recognition opportunities including our Teddy 

Philson Team Schein Award, which highlights TSMs who exemplify our Team Schein Values.
 In addition, 

we continue to focus on ensuring every TSM understands the importance in the role they play within the 

organization, how they contribute to a larger purpose of creating a healthier world, as well as continue to 

provide opportunities for TSMs to engage in meaningful ways that connect back to their own personal 

purpose, such as helping the community through CSR activities. 
Available Information 
We make available free of charge through our Internet website, www.henryschein.com, our annual report on Form 
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, statements of beneficial ownership of 

securities on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments to these reports and statements filed or furnished pursuant to 

Section 13(a) and Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after such 

materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or 

SEC. Our principal executive offices are located at 135 Duryea Road, Melville, New
 York
 11747, and our 

telephone number is (631) 843-5500. Unless the context specifically requires otherwise, the terms the
 “Company,” 

“Henry Schein,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated 

subsidiaries. 

Table of Contents

22 
Information about our Executive Officers 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers: 

Name 
Age 
Position 
Stanley M. Bergman 

73 
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director 
James P. Breslawski

69 
Vice Chairman, President, Director 
David Brous 
54 
Chief Executive Officer, Strategic Business Group 
Brad Connett 
64 
Chief Executive Officer, North America Distribution Group 
Michael S. Ettinger 

61 
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
Lorelei McGlynn 

59 
Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
Mark E. Mlotek 

67 
Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer, Director 
Ronald N. South 
61 
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
Walter Siegel 

63 
Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 
Stanley M. Bergman
 has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1989 and a director
 since 1982.

Mr. Bergman held the position of President from 1989 to 2005. Mr. Bergman held the position of Executive Vice 

President from 1985 to 1989 and Vice President of Finance and Administration from 1980 to 1985. 

James P. Breslawski
 has been our Vice Chairman since 2018, President since 2005 and a director since 1992.
 Mr. 

Breslawski was the Chief Executive Officer of our Henry Schein Global Dental Group from 2005 to 2018.
 Mr. 

Breslawski held the position of Executive Vice President and President of U.S. Dental from 1990 to 2005, with 
primary responsibility for the North American Dental Group. Between 1980 and 1990, Mr. Breslawski held 

various positions with us, including Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Administration and 
Corporate Controller. 
David Brous
 has been our Chief Executive Officer, Strategic Business Group since 2021.
 Mr. Brous joined us in 

2002 and has held many positions within the organization, including President, Strategic Business Units Group and 

Asia Pacific & Brazil Dental, leading and managing the Corporate Business Development Group and the 

International Healthcare Group (managing our International Animal Health business, International Medical 

business and Australia / New Zealand Dental business). 
Brad Connett
 has been our Chief Executive Officer, North American Distribution Group since 2021.
 Previously 

Mr. Connett was the President of our U.S. Medical Group from 2018 to 2021. Mr. Connett joined us in 1997 and 

has held a number of roles of increasing responsibility at the Company. Throughout his career, he has received 

numerous industry honors, including the John F. Sasen Leadership Award from the Health Industry Distributors 
Association (HIDA), in recognition of his service to the industry, and induction into the Medical Distribution Hall 
of Fame by Repertoire Magazine. 
Michael S. Ettinger
 has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since July 2022.
 Prior to 

his current position, Mr. Ettinger served as Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs, Chief of Staff and 
Secretary from 2015 to July 2022, Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Secretary from 2013 to 
2015, Corporate Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary from 2006 to 2013, Vice President, General 
Counsel and Secretary from 2000 to 2006, Vice President and Associate General Counsel from 1998 to 2000 and 

Associate General Counsel from 1994 to 1998. Before joining us, Mr. Ettinger served as a senior associate with 

Bower & Gardner and as a member of the Tax Department at Arthur Andersen. 
Lorelei McGlynn
 has been our Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since 2013.
 Since joining 

us in 1999, Ms. McGlynn has served as Vice President, Global Human Resources and Financial Operations from 
2008 to 2013, Chief Financial Officer, International Group and Vice President of Global Financial Operations from 
2002 to 2008 and Vice President, Finance, North America from 1999 to 2002. Prior to joining us, Ms. McGlynn 

served as Assistant Vice President of Finance at Adecco Corporation. 

Table of Contents

23 
Mark E. Mlotek
 has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer since 2012.
 Mr. Mlotek was 

Senior Vice President and subsequently Executive Vice President of the Corporate Business Development Group 
between 2000 and 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Mlotek was Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 1994 to 

1999 and became a director in 1995. Prior to joining us, Mr. Mlotek was a partner in the law firm of Proskauer 

Rose LLP, counsel to us, specializing in mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations and tax law from
 1989 

to 1994. 
Ronald N. South
 has been our Senior Vice President
 and Chief Financial Officer (and principal financial officer 

and principal accounting officer) since April 2022. Prior to holding his current position, Mr. South was our 

Corporate Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from 2013 until April 2022. Prior to joining us in 2008 as our 

Vice President, Corporate Finance, Mr. South held leadership roles at Bristol-Myers Squibb, where he served as 
Vice President, Finance, for the Cardiovascular and Metabolic business lines, as well as Vice President, Controller, 
for its U.S. Pharmaceutical Division, and Vice President, Corporate General Auditor. Prior to Bristol-Myers 

Squibb, he served as North American Director of Corporate Audit at PepsiCo, and held several roles of increasing 

responsibility with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, where he advised clients located in the United States, Europe, 
and Latin America. Mr. South is a certified public accountant. 

Walter Siegel
 has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since 2021.
 Previously, Mr.
 Siegel was 

our Senior Vice President and General Counsel from 2013 until 2021. Prior to joining us, Mr. Siegel was employed 

with Standard Microsystems Corporation, a publicly traded global semiconductor company from 2005 to 2012, 

holding positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and 
Secretary. 
Other Executive Management 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding other Executive Management: 

Name 
Age 
Position 
Andrea Albertini 
52 
Chief Executive Officer, International Distribution Group 
Leigh Benowitz 
55 
Senior Vice President and Chief Global Digital Transformation Officer 

Trinh Clark 
49 
Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer 
James Mullins 
58 
Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain 
Kelly Murphy 
42 
Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
Christopher Pendergast 
60 
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
Michael Racioppi 

68 
Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer 
René Willi, Ph.D. 
55 
Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group 
Andrea Albertini
 has been Chief Executive Officer, International Distribution Group since 2023.
 Mr. Albertini 

joined us in 2013 and has held several positions within the organization including President, International 

Distribution Group, President of our EMEA Dental Distribution Group, and Vice-President of International Dental 

Equipment. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Albertini held leadership positions at Cefla Dental Group and 

Castellini. 
Leigh Benowitz
 has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Global Digital Transformation Officer since August 

2022. Ms. Benowitz joined us in 2017 and has held several key positions
 including Vice President Digital & 

Customer Experience and Global eCommerce Platform Digital Transformation Officer. Prior to joining Henry 

Schein, Ms. Benowitz held various positions with increasing responsibilities at Citi. 

Trinh Clark 
has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer since August 
2022. Ms. Clark joined us in 2007 and has served as Vice President, Technology Enablement, North American 

Distribution Group. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Ms. Clark held various positions of
 increasing responsibilities at 

eSurg.

Table of Contents

24 
James Mullins
 has been our Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain since 2018.
 Mr. Mullins joined us in 

1988 and has held a number of key positions with increasing responsibility, including Global Chief Customer 
Service Officer. 
Kelly Murphy
 has been our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since 2021.
 Since joining us in 2011, Ms. 

Murphy has held several key positions of increasing responsibility within the legal function, most recently serving 

as Deputy General Counsel. 

Christopher Pendergast
 has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since 2018.
 Prior to 

joining us, Mr. Pendergast was the employed by VSP Global from 2008 to 2018, most recently as the Chief 
Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer. Prior to VSP Global, Mr. Pendergast served in roles of 

increasing responsibility at Natural Organics, Inc., from 2006 to 2008, IdeaSphere Inc./Twinlab Corporation from 
2000 to 2006, IBM Corporation from 1987 to 1994 and 1998 to 2000 and Rohm and Haas from 1994 to 1998. 

Michael Racioppi
 has been our Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer since 2008.
 Prior to holding 

his current position, Mr. Racioppi was President of the Medical Division from 2000 to 2008 and Interim President 
from 1999 to 2000, and Corporate Vice President from 1994 to 2008, with primary responsibility for the Medical 
Group, Marketing and Merchandising departments. Mr. Racioppi served as Senior Director, Corporate 

Merchandising from 1992 to 1994. Before joining us in 1992, Mr. Racioppi was employed by Ketchum 

Distributors, Inc. as the Vice President of Purchasing and Marketing. He currently serves on the board of National 

Distribution and Contracting and previously served on the board of Health Distribution Management Association 

and Health Industry Distributors Association (HIDA). 
René Willi, Ph.D.
 has been our Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group since 2021.

Previously, Dr. Willi was the President of our Global Dental Surgical Group.
 Prior to joining Henry Schein, Dr. 

Willi held senior level roles with Institut Straumann AG as Executive Vice President, Surgical Business Unit from 
2005 to 2013. Prior to Straumann, he held roles of increasing responsibility
 in Medtronic Plc’s cardiovascular 

division from 2003 to 2005 and with McKinsey & Company as a management consultant from 2000 to 2003. 

Table of Contents

25 
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
Our business operations could be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently 

consider not to be material to our operations, so you should not consider the risks disclosed in this section to 

necessarily represent a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties. The Company believes that the following 

risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial results, financial condition and/or 

the trading price of our common stock. The order in which these factors appear does not necessarily reflect
 their 

relative importance or priority. 

COMPANY RISKS 
Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity may be negatively impacted by 

the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar wide-spread public health concerns and other 

natural disasters
. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the responses of governments to it had, and may again have, a 

material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows and may result in a material 

adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity. 
Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity may be negatively impacted by the

effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, similar wide-spread public health concerns and other natural 

disasters. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, an unprecedented impact on society, worldwide 

economic activity, and the health care sector (particularly, the dental market). As a global healthcare solutions 
company, the COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental responses to it had, and may again have, a material 
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows and may result in a material adverse effect on 

our financial condition and liquidity. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has begun to subside, we may again 
experience material adverse impacts to our business, results of operations and cash flows as a result of, among other 

things, its global economic impact, including any recession that may occur in the future, or a prolonged period of 

economic slowdown or the reluctance of patients to return for elective dental or medical care. The impacts and 

potential impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic include, but are not limited to: 

• 
Significant volatility in supply, demand and selling prices for personal protective equipment (PPE), COVID-19 
tests and other COVID-19 related products.
 Available supply,
 customer demand and selling prices for PPE, 

COVID-19 tests and other COVID-19 related products fluctuated in fiscal 2022 and we expect such volatility to 

continue for the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. This has resulted in inventory reserves, fluctuating margins 

and increased revenue related to such products. The volatility in sales of COVID-19 test kits has moderated,
 albeit 

at a significantly lower level of sales compared with 2021, resulting in us recording an inventory obsolescence 

reserve of $17 million for COVID-19 test kits during the year ended December 31, 2022 and we expect further 

declines in sales volumes. Our estimates for supply, demand and selling prices are inherently uncertain and if 

supply, demand, selling prices or other market dynamics significantly fluctuate in the future beyond our current 
assumptions, additional inventory reserves may be required, margins may be reduced and/or revenue may decline 

for such products, each which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

Additionally, governmental policies designed to reduce the transmission of COVID-19 and variants thereof could 
once again lead to the closure of dental offices or deferral of elective procedures and wellness exams by medical 

and dental patients. Such previous closures and restrictions impacted our customers’ spending with us and had, and 

if reinstated may again have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.

Although we believe that most practices currently are able to access adequate supply, we still may be unable to 

supply our customers with the specific brand and/or quantity of certain PPE products, COVID-19 tests and other 

COVID-19 related products they demand, which may lead to our customers seeking alternative sources of supply.

Healthcare professionals’ inability to obtain a sufficient quantity and/or brand of certain PPE, COVID-19 tests and 

other COVID-19 related products would adversely impact our business, results of operations and cash flows, and 

could materially adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity; 

Table of Contents

26 
• 
Reduction in Peoples’ Ability and Willingness to be in Public.
 Restrictions recommended by several public health 

organizations, and implemented, from time to time, by federal, state and local governments, to slow and limit the 

transmission of COVID-19 and variants thereof has caused and may in the future cause some people to be less 

willing to go to elective medical and dental appointments, which could again materially adversely affect demand 

for our products. A lengthened period of materially suppressed demand could again cause
 material adverse impacts 

on our business, results of operations and cash flows and could materially adversely affect our financial condition 

and liquidity; 
• 
Negative impact on our workforce and impact of adapted business practices.
 The spread of COVID-19 and 

variants thereof caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, 

and physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required 

by government authorities or our customers or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees. As the 

COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold, we continue to evaluate appropriate actions for our business. At the onset 

of the COVID-19 pandemic, many of our office-based workers shifted abruptly to working remotely. As the 

COVID-19 pandemic has evolved, we have modified our work arrangements to implement more flexible working 

arrangements for our office-based workers, including permanent work from home, hybrid and office-based 

arrangements. Implementing these modified business practices to include remote work arrangements could have a 

negative impact on employee morale, strain our business continuity plans, introduce operational risk (including but 

not limited to cybersecurity risks), and impair our ability to efficiently operate our business; 

• 
Significant changes in political conditions.
 Significant changes in political conditions in markets in which
 we 

purchase and distribute our products have occurred and are expected to continue at least during the pendency of the 

pandemic, including quarantines, governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit or 

close our operating facilities, restrict our employees’ ability to travel or perform necessary business functions, or 

otherwise constrain the operations of our business partners, suppliers or customers, which may materially adversely 

affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity; 

• 
Volatility in the financial markets.

 Volatility
 in the financial markets may materially adversely affect the 

availability and cost of credit to us; 
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed below, any of which could have 

a material adverse effect on us. 
We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of a significant volume of our products. 
We obtain a significant volume of the products we distribute from third parties, with whom we generally do not 
have long-term contracts. While there is typically more than one source of supply, some key suppliers, in the 

aggregate, supply a significant portion of the products we sell. In 2022, our top 10 health care distribution suppliers 

and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 28% and 4%, respectively, of our aggregate purchases. 

Because of our dependence upon such suppliers, our operations are subject to the suppliers’ ability and willingness 

to supply products in the quantities that we require, and the risks include delays caused by interruption in 

production based on conditions outside of our control, including a supplier’s failure to comply with applicable 

government requirements (which may result in product recalls and/or cessation of sales) or an interruption in the 

suppliers’ manufacturing capabilities. In the event of any such interruption in supply, we would need to identify 

and obtain acceptable replacement sources on a timely basis. There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain 

such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis, if at all, and an extended interruption in supply, particularly of 

a high sales volume product, could result in a significant disruption in our sales and operations, as well as damage 

to our relationships with customers and our reputation. In addition, certain of our suppliers have had their ability to 

service certain markets restricted or negatively impacted because of allegations of forced labor in their supply 

chain. Forced labor legislation affecting the supply chain has increased around the
 world, and the United States 

recently passed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act. Our supply chain could be materially disrupted if our 

suppliers fail to comply with, or are unable to satisfy our demand for products, as a result of applicable forced labor 

legislation and regulations. 

Table of Contents

27 
Our future
 growth
 (especially
 for
 our
 technology
 and
 value-added
 services
 segment)
 is
 dependent
 upon
 our 

ability to
 develop
 or
 acquire
 and
 maintain
 and
 protect
 new
 products
 and
 technologies
 that
 achieve
 market 

acceptance with acceptable margins. 
Our future success depends on our ability to timely develop (or obtain the right to sell) competitive and innovative 

(particularly for our technology and value-added services segment) products and services and to market them 

quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to anticipate customer needs and emerging trends and develop or acquire 

new products, services and technologies at competitive prices requires significant resources, including employees 

with the requisite skills, experience and expertise, particularly in our technology segment, including dental practice 

management, patient engagement and demand creation software solutions. The failure to successfully address these 

challenges could materially disrupt our sales and operations. Additionally, our software and e-services products, 

like software products generally, may contain undetected errors or bugs when introduced or as new versions are 
released. Any such defective software may result in increased expenses related
 to the software and could adversely 

affect our relationships with customers as well as our reputation. With respect to certain software and e-services 

that we develop, we rely primarily upon copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as contractual and 

common law protections and confidentiality obligations. We cannot provide assurance that such legal protections 

will be available, adequate or enforceable in a timely manner to protect our software or e-services products. 

Risks inherent in acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures could offset the anticipated benefits.

One of our business strategies has been to expand our domestic and international markets in part through 

acquisitions and joint ventures and we expect to continue to make acquisitions and enter into joint ventures in the 

future. Such transactions require significant management attention, may place significant demands on our 

operations, information systems, legal, regulatory, compliance-functions and financial resources, and there is risk 
that one or more may not succeed. We cannot be sure, for example, that we will achieve the benefits of revenue 
growth that we expect from these acquisitions or joint ventures or that we will avoid unforeseen additional costs, 

taxes or expenses. Our ability to successfully implement our acquisition and joint venture strategy depends upon, 

among other things, the following: 
•
the availability of suitable acquisition or joint venture candidates at acceptable prices; 

•
our ability to consummate such transactions, which could potentially be prohibited due to U.S. or 

foreign antitrust regulations; 
•
the liquidity of our investments and the availability of financing on acceptable terms; 

•
our ability to retain customers or product lines of the acquired businesses or joint ventures; 

•
our ability to retain, recruit and incentivize the management of the companies we acquire; and 

•
our ability to successfully integrate these companies’ operations, services, products and personnel with 

our culture, management policies, legal, regulatory and compliance policies, cybersecurity systems and 

policies, internal procedures, working capital management, financial and operational controls and 

strategies. 
Furthermore, some of our acquisitions and future acquisitions may give rise to an obligation to make contingent 

payments or to satisfy certain repurchase obligations, which payments could have material adverse impacts on our 

financial results individually or in the aggregate. 
Additionally, when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or 
executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment 

of our strategic objectives. Alternatively, we may dispose of assets or a business at a price or on terms that are less 

than we had anticipated. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement
 in a divested business, 

such as through transition service agreements, indemnities or other current or contingent financial obligations. 

Under these arrangements, performance by the acquired or divested business, or other conditions outside our 

control, could affect our future financial results. 
Certain provisions in our governing documents and other documents to which we are a party may discourage 

third parties from seeking to acquire us that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium 

over the market price of their shares. 

Table of Contents

28 
The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may make it more difficult for a third-party to 

acquire us, may discourage acquisition bids and may impact the price that certain investors might be willing to pay 

in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions, among other things require (i) the affirmative vote 

of the holders of at least 60% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote to approve a merger, consolidation, or 

a sale, lease, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets; and (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders 

of at least 66 2/3% of our common stock entitled to vote to (a) remove a director; and (b) to amend or repeal our 

by-laws, with certain limited exceptions. In addition, certain of our employee incentive plans provide
 for 

accelerated vesting of stock options and other awards upon termination without cause within two years following a 

change in control, or grant the plan committee discretion to accelerate awards upon a change of control.
 Further, 

certain agreements between us and our executive officers provide for increased severance payments and certain 

benefits if those executive officers are terminated without cause by us or if they terminate for good reason, in each 

case within two years following a change in control or within ninety days prior to the effective date of the change in 

control or after the first public announcement of the pendency of the change in control. 

Adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives could negatively affect our business. 

The terms on which
 we purchase
 or sell
 products from
 many suppliers
 may entitle
 us to
 receive a
 rebate or
 other 

purchasing incentive based on the attainment of
 certain growth goals. Suppliers may
 reduce or eliminate rebates
 or 

incentives offered
 under
 their
 programs,
 or
 increase
 the
 growth
 goals
 or
 other
 conditions
 we
 must
 meet
 to
 earn 

rebates or
 incentives
 to
 levels
 that
 we
 cannot
 achieve.
 Increased
 competition
 either
 from
 generic
 or
 equivalent 

branded products could result
 in us
 failing to
 earn rebates
 or incentives
 that are
 conditioned upon
 achievement of 

growth goals. Additionally, factors outside of
 our control, such
 as customer preferences,
 consolidation of suppliers 

or supply issues, can have a material impact on our ability to achieve the growth goals established
 by our suppliers, 

which may reduce the amount of rebates or incentives we receive. The occurrence of any of these events could have 

an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

Sales of corporate brand products entail additional risks, including the risk that such sales could adversely affect 

our relationships with suppliers. 
We offer certain corporate brand products that are available exclusively from us. The sale
 of such products subjects 

us to the risks generally encountered by entities that source, market and sell corporate brand products, including but 
not limited to
 potential product
 liability risks,
 mandatory or
 voluntary product
 recalls, potential
 supply chain
 and 

distribution chain
 disruptions,
 and
 potential
 intellectual
 property
 infringement
 risks.
 Any
 failure
 to
 adequately 

address some
 or
 all
 of
 these
 risks
 could
 have
 an
 adverse
 effect
 on
 our
 business, financial
 condition
 or
 operating 

results. 
In addition,
 an
 increase
 in
 the
 sales
 of
 our
 corporate
 brand
 products may
 negatively
 affect
 our
 sales
 of
 products 

owned by
 our
 suppliers
 which,
 consequently,
 could
 adversely
 impact
 certain
 of
 our
 supplier
 relationships.
 Our 

ability to
 locate
 qualified,
 economically
 stable
 suppliers
 who
 satisfy
 our
 requirements,
 and
 to
 acquire
 sufficient 

products in a timely
 and effective
 manner,
 is critical
 to ensuring,
 among other
 things, that
 customer confidence
 is 

not diminished. Any failure
 to develop
 sourcing relationships
 with a
 broad and
 deep supplier
 base could
 have an 

adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

INDUSTRY RISKS 
The health care products distribution industry is highly competitive (including, without limitation, competition 

from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating, and we may not be able to compete successfully.

We compete with numerous companies, including several major manufacturers and distributors. Some of our 

competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do, which could allow them to compete more 

successfully. Most of our products are available from several sources and our customers
 tend to have relationships 

with several distributors. Competitors could obtain exclusive rights to market particular
 products, which we would 

then be unable to market. Manufacturers also could increase their efforts to sell directly to end-users and thereby 

eliminate or reduce our role in distribution. Industry consolidation among health care product distributors and 

manufacturers, price competition, product unavailability, whether due to our inability to gain access to products or 

Table of Contents

29 
to interruptions in manufacturing supply, or the emergence of new competitors, also could increase competition. 

Consolidation has also increased among manufacturers of health care products, which could have a material 

adverse effect on our margins and product availability. We could be subject to charges and financial losses in the 

event we fail to satisfy minimum purchase commitments contained in some of our contracts. Additionally, 

traditional health care supply and distribution relationships are being challenged by electronic online commerce 

solutions. The continued advancement of online commerce by third
 parties will require us to cost-effectively adapt 

to changing technologies, to enhance existing services and to differentiate our business (including with additional 

value-added services) to address changing demands of consumers and our customers on a timely basis.
 The 

emergence of such potential competition and our inability to anticipate and effectively respond to changes on a 

timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The repeal or judicial prohibition on implementation of the Affordable Care Act could materially adversely 

affect our business. 
The ACA greatly expanded health insurance coverage in the United States and has been the target of litigation and 

Congressional reform efforts since its adoption. The U.S. Supreme Court, in upholding the constitutionality of the 

ACA and its individual mandate provision in 2012, simultaneously limited ACA provisions requiring Medicaid 

expansion, making such expansion a state-by-state decision. In 2017, the U.S. Congress effectively repealed the 

ACA’s individual mandate provision by eliminating the financial penalty for non-compliance.
 In the most recent 

ACA litigation, a federal appeals court found the individual mandate to be unconstitutional, and returned the case to 

a lower federal court for consideration of whether the remainder of the ACA could survive the excision of the 

individual mandate. This decision was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, and the Supreme
 Court issued a 

decision on June 17, 2021. Without reaching the merits of the case, the Supreme Court held that the plaintiffs in 

the case did not have standing to challenge the ACA. Any outcome of future cases that change the ACA, in 

addition to future legislation, regulation, guidance and/or Executive Orders that do the same, could have a 

significant impact on the U.S. healthcare industry. For instance, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 enhanced 

premium tax credits, which has resulted in an expansion of the number of people covered under the ACA.
 These 

changes are time-limited, with some enhancements in place for 2021 only and others available through the end of 

2022. 
The health care industry is experiencing changes due to political, economic and regulatory influences that could 

materially adversely affect our business. 
The health care industry is highly regulated and subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences.

In recent years, the health care industry has undergone, and is in the process of undergoing, significant changes 

driven by various efforts to reduce costs, including, among other factors: trends toward managed care; collective 

purchasing arrangements and consolidation among office-based health care practitioners; and changes in 

reimbursements to customers, including increased attention to value-based payment arrangements, as well as 

growing enforcement activities (and related monetary recoveries) by governmental officials.
 Both our profitability 

and the profitability of our customers may be materially adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing 

reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and devices, and/or medical treatments or services, or 

changes to the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined. If we are unable to react effectively to 

these and other changes in the health care industry, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

Expansion of group purchasing organizations (“GPO”), dental support organizations (“DSO”) or provider 

networks and the multi-tiered costing structure may place us at a competitive disadvantage. 

The health care products industry is subject to a multi-tiered costing structure, which can vary by manufacturer 

and/or product. Under this structure, certain institutions can obtain more favorable
 prices for health care products 

than we are able to obtain. The multi-tiered costing structure continues to expand as many large integrated health 

care providers and others with significant purchasing power, such as GPOs and DSOs, demand more favorable 
pricing terms. Additionally, the formation of provider networks, GPOs and DSOs may shift purchasing decisions 

to entities or persons with whom we do not have a historical relationship and may threaten our ability to compete 

effectively, which could in turn negatively impact our financial results. Although we are seeking to obtain similar 

terms from manufacturers to access lower prices demanded by GPO and DSO contracts or other contracts, and to 

Table of Contents

30 
develop relationships with existing and emerging provider networks, GPOs and DSOs, we cannot guarantee that 

such terms will be obtained or contracts executed. 

Increases in shipping costs or service issues with our third-party shippers could harm our business. 

Our ability to meet our customers’ expedited delivery expectations is an integral component of our business 

strategy for which our customers rely. Shipping is a significant expense in the operation of our business.
 We ship 

almost all of our orders through third-party delivery services, and typically bear the cost of shipment.
 Accordingly, 

any significant increase in shipping rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition 

or operating results. While we have recently experienced increases in the cost of shipping,
 we do not expect these 

additional expenses to be material to our results. However, it is possible that such costs could be material in the 

future. Similarly, strikes or other service interruptions by those shippers, including at transportation centers or 

shipping ports, could cause our operating expenses to rise and materially adversely affect our ability to deliver 

products on a timely basis. 
MACRO ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL RISKS 
Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions could materially adversely affect our 

results of operations and financial condition. 
Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions that affect the economy and the economic 

outlook of the United States, Europe, Asia and other parts of the world could materially adversely affect our results 

of operations and financial condition. These uncertainties, include, among other things: 

•
election results; 
•
changes to laws and policies governing foreign trade (including, without limitation, the United States-

Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement of December 
2020 (that went into effect in 2021) and other international trade agreements); 
•
greater restrictions on imports and exports; 
•
supply chain disruptions; 
•
changes in laws and policies governing health care or data privacy; 
•
tariffs and sanctions; 
•
changes to the relationship between the United States and China; 
•
sovereign debt levels; 
•
the inability of political institutions to effectively resolve actual or perceived economic, currency or 

budgetary crises or issues; 
•
consumer confidence; 
•
unemployment levels (and a corresponding increase in the uninsured and underinsured population); 

•
changes in regulatory and tax regulations; 
•
interest rate fluctuations, and strengthening of the dollar, which have and will continue to impact our 

results of operations; 
•
availability of capital; 
•
increases in fuel and energy costs; 
•
the effect of inflation on our ability to procure products and our ability to increase prices over time and 

pass through to our customers price increases we may receive; 
•
changes in tax rates and the availability of certain tax deductions; 
•
increases in labor costs; 
•
increases in health care costs; 
•
our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters; 

•
the threat or outbreak of war, terrorism or public unrest (including, without limitation, the war in 
Ukraine and the possibility of a wider European or global conflict); and

•
changes in laws and policies governing manufacturing, development and investment in territories and 

countries where we do business. 

Table of Contents

31 
Additionally, changes in government, government debt and/or budget crises may lead to reductions in government 
spending in certain countries, which could reduce overall health care spending, and/or higher income or corporate 

taxes, which could depress spending overall. Recessionary or inflationary conditions and depressed levels of 

consumer and commercial spending may also cause customers to reduce, modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase 

our products and may cause suppliers to reduce their output or change their terms of sale. We have experienced 

inflationary pressures, including higher freight costs and interest expense. Although inflation impacts both our 

revenues and costs, the depth and breadth of our product portfolio often allows us to offer lower-cost national brand 

solutions or corporate brand alternatives to our more price-sensitive customers who are unable to absorb price 

increases, thus positioning us to protect our gross profit. The strengthening of the dollar, likewise, has impacted 

our revenues and costs, but neither inflation nor exchange rates have materially impacted our results of operations 

in fiscal year 2022. We generally sell products to customers with payment terms.
 If customers’ cash flow or 

operating and financial performance deteriorate, or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain credit, 

they may not be able to, or may delay, payment to us. Likewise, for similar reasons suppliers may restrict credit or 

impose different payment terms. 
REGULATORY AND LITIGATION RISKS 

Failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect our 

business. 
We strive to be compliant with the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below in all material 
respects, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls in place to ensure substantial 

compliance. However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future as certain laws, regulations
 and 

guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could affect our ability to comply, as well as, 

future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including in light of political changes.
 When we discover 

situations of non-compliance we seek to remedy them and bring the affected area back into compliance.
 The Biden 

Administration has indicated that it will be more aggressive in its pursuing alleged violations of law, and it has 

revoked certain guidance that would have limited governmental use of informal agency guidance to pursue such 

violations, as well as indicating it was more prepared to pursue individuals for corporate law violations, including 

an aggressive approach to anti-corruption activities. Changes with respect to the applicable laws, regulations and 

guidance described below may require us to update or revise our operations, services, marketing practices, and 

compliance programs and controls, and may impose additional and unforeseen costs on us, pose new or previously 

immaterial risks to us, or may otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. There can be no assurance 

that current and future government regulations will not adversely affect our business, and we cannot predict new 

regulatory priorities, the form, content or timing of regulatory actions, and their impact on the health care industry 

and on our business and operations. 
Global efforts toward healthcare cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing.
 In the United 

States, in addition to other government efforts to control health care costs, there has been increased scrutiny on drug 

pricing and concurrent efforts to control or reduce drug costs by Congress, the President, executive branch agencies 

and various states. At the state level, several states have adopted laws that require drug manufacturers
 to provide 

advance notice of certain price increases and to report information relating to those price increases, while others 

have taken legislative or administrative action to establish prescription drug affordability boards or multi-payer 

purchasing pools to reduce the cost of prescription drugs. At the federal level, several related bills have been 

introduced and regulations proposed which, if enacted or finalized, respectively, would impact drug pricing and 

related costs. 
Under the Sunshine Act, we are required to collect and report detailed information regarding certain financial 

relationships we have with covered recipients, including physicians, dentists, teaching hospitals, and certain other 

non-physician practitioners. We and our subsidiaries may be required to report information under certain state 

transparency laws that address circumstances not covered by the Sunshine Act, and some of these state laws, as 

well as the federal law, can be unclear. We are also subject to foreign regulations requiring transparency of certain 

interactions between suppliers and their customers. While we believe we have substantially compliant programs 

and controls in place satisfying the above laws and requirements, such compliance imposes additional costs on us 

and the requirements are sometimes unclear. In the United States, government actions to seek to increase health-

related price transparency may also affect our business. 

Table of Contents

32 
Our business is subject to additional requirements under various local, state, federal and international laws and 

regulations applicable to the sale and distribution of, and third-party payment for, pharmaceuticals and medical 

devices and HCT/P products. Among the federal laws with which we must comply are the Controlled Substances 

Act, the FDC Act, the Federal Drug Quality and Security Act, including DSCSA, Section 361 of the Public Health 

Services Act and Section 401 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of the Social Security Act.
 Among other 

things, such laws, and the regulations promulgated thereunder: 

•
regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing and promotion, sampling, pricing and 

reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning or recalling, reporting, and 

distribution of, and record keeping for drugs, HCT/P products and medical devices,
 including 

requirements with respect to unique medical device identifiers; 
•
subject us to inspection by the FDA and DEA and similar state authorities; 
•
regulate the storage, transportation and disposal of certain of our products that are considered 

hazardous materials; 
•
require us to advertise and promote our drugs and devices in accordance with applicable FDA 

requirements; 
•
require us to report average sales price (ASP) for drugs or biologicals payable under Medicare Part B to 

CMS with or without a Medicaid drug rebate agreement; 
•
require registration with the FDA and the DEA and various state agencies; 
•
require record keeping and documentation of transactions involving drug products; 

•
require us to design and operate a system to identify and report suspicious orders of controlled 

substances to the DEA and certain states; 
•
require us to manage returns of products that have been recalled and subject us to inspection of our 

recall procedures and activities; 

•
impose on us reporting requirements if a pharmaceutical, HCT/P product or medical device causes 

serious illness, injury or death; 
•
require manufacturers, wholesalers, repackagers and dispensers of prescription drugs to identify and 

trace certain prescription drugs as they are distributed; 

•
require the licensing of prescription drug wholesalers and third-party logistics providers; and

•
mandate compliance with standards for the recordkeeping, storage and handling of prescription drugs, 

and associated reporting requirements. 
The FDA has become increasingly active in addressing the regulation of computer software and digital health 

products intended for use in health care settings. The Cures Act, signed into law on December 13, 2016, among 

other things, amended the medical device definition to exclude certain software from FDA regulation, including 

certain clinical decision support software. On September 27, 2019, the FDA issued a suite of guidance documents 

on digital health products, which incorporated applicable Cures Act standards, and on September 28, 2022, the 

FDA subsequently finalized certain of these guidance documents, including regarding the types of clinical decision 

support tools and other software that are exempt from regulation by the FDA as medical devices, and the FDA 

continues to issue new guidance in this area. Certain of our businesses involve the development and
 sale of 

software and related products to support physician and dental practice management, and it is possible that the FDA 

or foreign government authorities could determine that one or more of our products is subject to regulation as a 

medical device, which could subject us or one or more of our businesses to substantial additional requirements, 

costs and potential enforcement actions or liabilities for noncompliance with respect to these products. 

Applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations also may require us to meet various standards 

relating to, among other things, licensure or registration, program eligibility, procurement, third-party 
reimbursement, sales and marketing practices, product integrity and supply tracking to product manufacturers, 

product labeling, personnel, privacy and security of health or other personal information, installation, maintenance 

and repair of equipment and the importation and exportation of products. The FDA and DEA, as well as CMS 

(including with respect to complex Medicare reimbursement requirements applicable to our specialty home medical 

supplies business), have recently increased their regulatory and enforcement activities and, in particular, the DEA 

has heightened enforcement activities due to the opioid crisis in the United States. One of our businesses was 

Table of Contents

33 
suspended in October 2021 by CMS from receiving payments from Medicare, although it was permitted to continue 

to perform and bill for Medicare services. On September 30, 2022, CMS terminated the suspension of Medicare 

payments. As a result of the termination of the suspension, we recognized $4
 million of previously deferred 

revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our business is also subject to requirements of similar and 

other foreign governmental laws and regulations affecting our operations abroad. 
The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, 

or the imposition of any additional laws and regulations, could materially adversely affect our business.
 The costs 

to us associated with complying with the various applicable statutes and regulations, as they now exist and as they 

may be modified, could be material. Allegations by a governmental body that we have not complied with
 these 

laws could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. While we believe that we are substantially compliant 

with applicable laws and regulations, and believe we have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to 

ensure substantial compliance, if it is determined that we have not complied with these laws, we are potentially 

subject to warning letters, substantial civil and criminal penalties, mandatory recall of product, seizure of product 

and injunction, consent decrees and suspension or limitation of payments to us, product sale and distribution.
 If we 

enter into settlement agreements to resolve allegations of non-compliance, we could be required to make settlement 

payments or be subject to civil and criminal penalties, including fines and the loss of licenses.
 Non-compliance 

with government requirements could also adversely affect our ability to participate in important federal and state 

government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and damage our reputation. 

The EU Medical Device Regulation may adversely affect our business. 

The EU MDR, applicable since May 26, 2021, significantly modifies and intensifies the regulatory compliance 

requirements for the medical device industry as a whole. Among other things, the EU MDR: 

•
strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforce surveillance once they are 

available; 
•
establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers’ responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, 

performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 
•
improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient 

through a unique identification number; 
•
sets up a central database to provide patients, healthcare professionals and the public with 

comprehensive information on products available in the EU; 

•
strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to 

undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and 
•
identifies importers and distributors and medical device products through registration in a database 

(EUDAMED not due until 2024 and after as mentioned above). 

In particular, the EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a product meets the regulatory 

requirements, including regarding a product’s clinical evaluation and a company’s quality systems, and for the 
distribution, marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market surveillance. Medical devices that have 

been assessed and/or certified under the EU Medical Device Directive may continue to be placed on the market 

until 2024 (or until the expiry of their certificates, if applicable and earlier). However, on January 6, 2023, the EU 

Commission submitted a proposed amendment to extend the MDR transitional periods until December 31, 2028, 

for certain medical devices to ensure continued access to medical devices for patients and to allow medical devices 

already placed on the market in accordance with the current legal framework to remain on the market. We continue 

to monitor developments and whether the proposed amendment and new deadlines will be approved by the 

European Parliament and Council. Nevertheless, EU MDR requirements regarding the distribution, marketing and 

sale including quality systems and post-market surveillance have to be observed by manufacturers, importers and 

distributors as of the application date (i.e., May 26, 2021). 
The modifications created by the EU MDR may have an impact on the way we design and manufacture products 

and the way we conduct our business in the European Economic Area. 

Table of Contents

34 
If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to health care fraud or other laws and regulations, we 

could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations, which could materially 

adversely affect our business. 

Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral 

and reimbursement laws and regulations with respect to their operations.
 Some of these laws, referred to as “false 

claims laws,” prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent claims for reimbursement to 

federal, state and other health care payers and programs. Other laws, referred to as “anti-kickback laws,” prohibit 

soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce the referral of a patient or ordering, 

purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or services that are 

paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs. Certain additional state and federal laws, such 

as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly known as the “Stark Law,” prohibit physicians and other 
health professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which the physician (or family member) has a 

financial relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services (for example, durable medical 

equipment and medical supplies), unless an exception applies. Violations of Anti-Kickback statutes or the Stark 

Law may be enforced as violations of the federal False Claims Act. 
The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened enforcement activity over the past few 

years, and significant enforcement activity has been the result of “relators” who serve as whistleblowers by filing 

complaints in the name of the United States (and if applicable, particular states) under applicable false claims laws, 

and who may receive up to 30% of total government recoveries. Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be 

severe, including treble damages and substantial civil penalties under the federal False Claims Act, as well as 

potential loss of licenses and the ability to participate in federal and state health care programs, criminal penalties, 

or imposition of a corporate compliance monitor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Also, 

these measures may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that 

could require us to make changes in our operations or incur substantial defense and settlement expenses.
 Even 

unsuccessful challenges by regulatory authorities or private relators could result in reputational harm and the 

incurring of substantial costs. Most states have adopted similar state false claims laws, and these state
 laws have 

their own penalties which may be in addition to federal False Claims Act penalties, as well as other fraud and abuse 

laws. 

With respect to measures of this type, the United States government (among others) has expressed concerns about 

financial relationships between suppliers on the one hand and physicians, dentists and other health care providers, 

on the other. As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices
 as necessary to facilitate 

compliance. 
In the EU, the Directive No. 2019/1937 of October 23, 2019, 
on the protection of persons who report breaches of 
Union law,
 organizes the legal protection of whistleblowers. This Directive covers whistleblowers
 reporting 

breaches of certain EU laws, in particular as regards public health, the above-mentioned Directive No. 2001/83, 

Regulation No. 726/2004 or, as regards data protection, the GDPR. The Directive protects a wide range of people 

and includes former employees. All private companies with 50 or more employees are required to create effective 

internal reporting channels. Though it was required before December 17, 2021, at the latest, the implementation of 

this Directive by EU member states is still underway for some of them. At the end of January 2023 and according 

to information available on public sources, sixteen EU member states have fully implemented it (France, Belgium, 

Denmark, Finland, Latvia, The Netherlands, Ireland, Croatia, Cyprus, Greece, Lithuania, Romania, Malta, Portugal, 

Sweden and Bulgaria) while the process is ongoing in the others with varying degrees of progress.

We also are subject to the requirements of the new Directive No. 2022/2464 on corporate sustainability reporting 
("CSR Directive") adopted on December 14, 2022 and has to be implemented by EU members states by July 6, 

2024, at the latest. By amending Directives No. 2004/109, No. 2006/43, No. 2013/34 and Regulation No. 537/2014, 

the CSR Directive strengthens the existing rules on non-financial reporting by setting new requirements for large 

companies to publish sustainability-related information and, in particular, disclose details about their risks and 

impacts on environmental matters. 
We 
also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations concerning the conduct of our foreign 

operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, German anti-corruption laws 

Table of Contents

35 
and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal books and records, which have been 

the focus of increasing enforcement activity globally in recent years. Our businesses are generally subject to 

numerous other laws and regulations that could impact our financial results, including, without limitation, 

securities, antitrust, consumer protection, and marketing laws and regulations. 
In the EU, both active and passive bribery are criminalized. The EU Council Framework Decision 2003/568/JHA 

of 22 July 2003
 on combating corruption in the private sector 

establishes more detailed rules on the liability of 
legal persons and deterrent sanctions. However, the liability of legal persons is regulated at a national level. 

Failure to comply with fraud and abuse laws and regulations, and other laws and regulations, could result in 

significant civil and criminal penalties and costs, including the loss of licenses and the ability to participate in 

federal and state health care programs, and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
 We may 

determine to enter into settlements, make payments, agree to consent decrees or enter into other arrangements to 

resolve such matters. Intentional or unintentional failure to comply with consent decrees could
 materially adversely 

affect our business. 
While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable fraud and abuse and other laws and 

regulations, and believe we have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial 

compliance, we cannot predict whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our 
services or marketing practices in response to changes in applicable law or interpretation of laws, could have a 

material adverse effect on our business. 
If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage and processing of sensitive 

personal information or standards in electronic health records or transmissions, we could be required to make 

significant changes to our products, or incur substantial fines, penalties or other liabilities.

Our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management products, and our specialty home medical 

supply business, include electronic information technology systems that store and process personal health, clinical, 

financial and other sensitive information of individuals. These information technology systems may be vulnerable 

to breakdown, wrongful intrusions, data breaches and malicious attack, which could require us to expend 

significant resources to eliminate these problems and address related security concerns, and could involve claims 

against us by private parties and/or governmental agencies. 
We are directly or indirectly subject to numerous and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations 
that protect the privacy and security of personal information, such as HIPAA, the Controlling the Assault of Non-
Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, Section 5 of the 
Federal Trade Commission Act, the CCPA, and the CPRA that becomes effective on January 1, 2023. Laws and 

regulations relating to privacy and data protection are continually evolving and subject to potentially differing 

interpretations. These requirements
 may not be harmonized, may be interpreted and applied in a
 manner that is 

inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may conflict with other rules or our practices.
 Our businesses’ 

failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to breach of contract claims, substantial fines, 

penalties and other liabilities and expenses, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation.
 Also, evolving laws 

and regulations in this area could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, use or disseminate patient 

information, or could require us to incur significant additional costs to re-design our products to reflect these legal 

requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
In addition, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted the GDPR effective from May 25, 2018, 

which increased privacy rights for individuals (“Data Subjects”), including individuals who are our customers, 

suppliers and employees. The GDPR extended the scope of responsibilities for data controllers and data 

processors, and generally imposes increased requirements and potential penalties on companies, such as us, that are 

either established in the EU and process personal data of Data Subjects (regardless the Data Subject location), or 

that are not established in the EU but that offer goods or services to Data Subjects in the EU or monitor their 

behavior in the EU. Noncompliance can result in penalties of up to the greater of EUR 20 million, or 4% of global 

company revenues (sanction that may be public), and Data Subjects may seek damages.
 Member states may 

individually impose additional requirements and penalties regarding certain limited matters (for which the GDPR 

left some room of flexibility), such as employee personal data. With respect to the personal data it protects, the 

Table of Contents

36 
GDPR requires, among other things, controller accountability, consents from Data Subjects or another acceptable 
legal basis to process the personal data, notification within 72 hours of a personal data breach where required, data 

integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the storage, use or other processing of the personal 
data. The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating notably
 to information, access, rectification, erasure 

of the personal data and the right to object to the processing. 

On August 20, 2021, China promulgated the PIPL, which took effect on November 1, 2021.
 The PIPL imposes 

specific rules for processing personal information and it also specifies that the law shall also apply to personal 

information activities carried out outside China but for the purpose of providing products or services to PRC 

citizens. Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may subject
 us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate 

any actions that are deemed illegal by regulatory authorities, other penalties, as well as reputational damage or legal 

proceedings against us, which may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
 The PIPL 

carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or 5% of the annual revenue of entities that process personal data. 

In the United States, the CCPA, which increases the privacy protections afforded California residents, became 
effective January 1, 2020. The CCPA generally requires companies, such as us, to institute additional protections 

regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain personal information of California residents.
 Compliance 

with the obligations imposed by the CCPA depends in part on how particular regulators interpret and apply them. 

Regulations were released in August of 2020, but there remains some uncertainty about how the CCPA will be 

interpreted by the courts and enforced by the regulators. If we fail to comply with the CCPA or if regulators assert 

that we have failed to comply with the CCPA, we may be subject to certain fines or other penalties and litigation, 
any of which may negatively impact our reputation, require us to expend significant resources, and harm our 

business. Furthermore, California voters approved the CPRA on November 3,
 2020, which will amend and expand 

the CCPA, including by providing consumers with additional rights with respect to their personal information, and 
creating a new state agency to enforce CCPA and CPRA. The CPRA came into effect on January 1, 2023, applying 

to information collected by businesses on or after January 1, 2022. 
Other states, as well as the federal government, have increasingly considered the adoption of similarly expansive 

personal privacy laws, backed by significant civil penalties for non-compliance.
 Virginia and Colorado were both 

successful in passing privacy legislation in 2021, becoming effective on January 1, 2023 and July 1, 2023, 

respectively. Connecticut and Utah also passed comprehensive privacy laws
 that will go into effect in July 1, 2023 

and December 31, 2023. While we believe we have substantially compliant programs and controls
 in place to 

comply with the GDPR, CCPA, PIPL and CPRA requirements, our compliance with data privacy and cybersecurity 
laws is likely to impose additional costs on us, and we cannot predict whether the interpretations of the 

requirements, or changes in our practices in response to new requirements or interpretations of the requirements, 

could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
We also sell products and services that health care providers, such as physicians and dentists, use to store and 
manage patient medical or dental records. These customers and we are subject to laws, regulations and
 industry 

standards, such as HIPAA and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which require the protection of 
the privacy and security of those records. Our products or services may be used as part of these customers’ 

comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with applicable data 

privacy and security laws and contractual requirements. Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products 

or services, or the perceived or actual failure by us or our customers who use our products or services to comply 

with applicable legal or contractual data privacy and security requirements, may not only cause us significant 

reputational harm, but may also lead to claims against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies and 

involve substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses and costs for remediation. 

Under the GDPR, health data belong to the category of “sensitive data” and benefit from specific protections.

Processing of such data is generally prohibited, except for specific exceptions. 
Certain of our businesses involve the manufacture and sale of EHR systems and other products linked to 

government supported incentive programs, where the EHR systems must be certified as having certain capabilities 

designated in evolving standards, such as those adopted by CMS and ONC. In order to maintain certification of our 

EHR products, we must satisfy the changing governmental standards. If any of our EHR systems do not meet these 

standards, yet have been relied upon by health care providers to receive federal incentive payments, we may be 

Table of Contents

37 
exposed to risk, such as under federal health care fraud and abuse laws, including the False Claims Act.
 While we 

believe we are substantially in compliance with such certifications and with applicable fraud and abuse laws and 

regulations and that we have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial compliance, 

we cannot predict whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or resulting changes in our, could 
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Moreover, in order to satisfy our customers and comply with evolving legal requirements, our products may need to 

incorporate increasingly complex functionality, such as with respect to reporting and information blocking. 

Although we believe we are positioned to accomplish this, the effort may involve increased costs, and our failure to 

implement product modifications, or otherwise satisfy applicable standards, could have a material adverse effect on 

our business. 
Additionally, as electronic medical devices are increasingly connected to each other and to other technology, the 
ability of these connected systems to safely and effectively exchange and use exchanged information becomes 

increasingly important. As a medical device manufacturer, we must manage risks including those associated with 

an electronic interface that is incorporated into a medical device. 
Tax legislation could materially adversely affect our financial results and tax liabilities. 

We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments, as well as 
foreign jurisdictions. From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed
 that could materially 

adversely affect our tax positions. There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate will not be
 materially 

adversely affected by legislation resulting from these initiatives. In addition, tax laws and regulations are extremely 

complex and subject to varying interpretations. Although we believe that our historical tax positions are sound and 

consistent with applicable laws, regulations and existing precedent, there can be no assurance that our tax positions 

will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. 

We face inherent risk of exposure to product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the 
event that the use of the products we sell results in injury. 
Our business involves a risk of product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the ordinary 
course of business, and from time to time we are named as a defendant in cases as a result of our distribution of 

products. Additionally, we own interests in companies that manufacture certain dental products.
 As a result, we 

could be subject to the potential risk of product liability, intellectual property infringement or other claims relating 
to the manufacture and distribution of products by those entities. In addition, as our corporate brand business 

continues to grow, purchasers of such products may increasingly seek recourse directly from us, rather than the 
ultimate product manufacturer, for product-related claims. Another potential risk we face in the distribution of our 

products is liability resulting from counterfeit or tainted products infiltrating the supply chain.
 In addition, some of 

the products that we transport and sell are considered hazardous materials. The improper handling of such 

materials or accidents involving the transportation of such materials could subject us to liability or at least legal 

action that could harm our reputation. 

Customs policies or legislative import restrictions could hinder the Company’s ability to import goods necessary 
to our operations on a timely basis and result in government enforcement actions and/or sanctions. 

Government-imposed import policies and legislation regulating the import of goods and prohibiting the use of 

forced labor or human trafficking could result in delays or the inability to import goods in a timely manner that are 

necessary to our operations, and such policies or legislation could also result in financial penalties, other sanctions, 

government enforcement actions and reputational harm. While the Company has policies against and seeks to 

avoid the import of goods that are manufactured in whole or in part by forced labor or through human trafficking, 

as a result of legislative and governmental policy initiatives, we may be subject to increasing potential delays, 

added costs, supply chain disruption and other restrictions. 

Table of Contents

38 
GENERAL RISKS 
Security risks generally associated with our information systems and our technology products and services could 

materially adversely affect our business, and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if 

such products, services or systems (or third-party systems we rely on) are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen 

events, are subject to cyberattacks or fail for any extended period of time. 

We rely on information systems (IS) in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store customer, 
product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: 
•
maintain and manage worldwide systems to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of 

inventory items from numerous distribution centers; 
•
receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; 
•
manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; 

•
process payments to suppliers; and 
•
provide products and services that maintain certain of our customers’ electronic medical or dental 

records (including protected health information of their patients). 
Information security risks have generally increased in recent years, and a cyberattack that bypasses our IS security 

systems (including third-party systems we rely on) causing an IS security breach may lead to a material disruption 

of our IS business systems (including third-party systems we rely on) and/or the loss of business information, as 

well as claims against us by affected parties and/or governmental agencies, and involve fines and penalties, costs 

for remediation, and substantial defense and settlement expenses. In addition, we develop products and provide 

services to our customers that are technology-based, and a cyberattack that bypasses the IS security systems of our 

products or services causing a security breach and/or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products or services 

could also cause significant loss of business and reputational harm, and actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead 

to claims against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies. In particular, certain of our practice 

management products and services purchased by health care providers, such as physicians and dentists, are used to 

store and manage patient medical or dental records. These customers are subject to laws and regulations which 

require that they protect the privacy and security of those records, and our products may be used as part of these 

customers’ comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with 

applicable privacy and security laws. Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products or services,
 or the 

perceived or actual failure by us or our customers who use our products to comply with applicable legal 

requirements, may not only cause reputational harm and loss of business, but may also lead to claims against us by 

our customers and/or governmental agencies and involve damages, fines and penalties, costs for remediation, and 

substantial defense and settlement expenses. In addition, a cyberattack on a third-party that we use to manage
 a 

portion of our information systems could result in the same effects. Additionally, legislative or regulatory action 

related to cybersecurity may increase our costs to develop or implement new technology products and services.

From time to time, we have had to address immaterial security incidents (“security incidents”).
 There can be no 

assurance that we will not experience material security incidents in the future. Security incidents can be difficult to 

detect and any delay in identifying them could increase their harm. While we have implemented measures to 

protect our IS systems, such measures may not prevent these events. Any such security incidents could disrupt our 

operations, harm our reputation or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business.
 We have various 

insurance policies, including cybersecurity insurance, covering risks and in amounts that we consider adequate.

There can be no assurance that the insurance coverage we maintain is sufficient or will be available in adequate 

amounts or at a reasonable cost to cover costs and expenses related to security incidents. 

Furthermore, procedures and safeguards must continually evolve to meet new IS challenges, and enhancing 

protections, and conducting investigations and remediation, may impose additional costs on us. 

Finally, our business may be interrupted by shortfalls of IS systems providers engaged by our customers, such as 

Internet-based services upon which our customers depend to access certain of our products.

Table of Contents

39 
Our global operations are subject to inherent risks that could materially adversely affect our business. 

Our global operations are subject to risks that could materially adversely affect our business. The risks that our 

global operations are subject to include, among other things: 

•
difficulties and costs relating to staffing and managing foreign operations; 
•
difficulties and delays inherent in sourcing products, establishing channels of distribution and contract 

manufacturing in foreign markets; 
•
fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies (including, without limitation, in connection with 

Brexit); 
•
uncertainties relating to the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement of December 2020, which went 

into effect in 2021, including for example potential implementation issues, potential disputes over the 

interpretation of the provisions of the Agreement and possible changes to the Agreement restricting the 

free movement of goods between the U.K. and the European Union; 
•
longer payment cycles of foreign customers and difficulty of collecting receivables in foreign 

jurisdictions; 
•
repatriation of cash from our foreign operations to the United States; 
•
regulatory requirements, including, without limitation, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and laws pertaining 

to the accuracy of our internal books and records; 
•
litigation risks, new or unanticipated litigation developments and the status of litigation matters; 

•
unexpected difficulties in importing or exporting our products and import/export tariffs, quotas, 

sanctions or penalties; 
•
limitations on our ability under local laws to protect our intellectual property; 
•
unexpected regulatory, legal, economic and political changes in foreign markets; 
•
changes in tax regulations that influence purchases of capital equipment; 
•
civil disturbances, geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism, war or political or military coups;

•
risks associated with climate change, including physical risks such as impacts from extreme weather 

events and other potential physical consequences, regulatory and technological requirements, market 

developments, stakeholder expectations and reputational risk; and 
•
public health emergencies, including COVID-19. 
Our future success is substantially dependent upon our senior management, and our revenues and profitability 

depend on our relationships with capable sales personnel as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers of 

the products that we distribute. 
Our future success is substantially dependent upon the efforts and abilities of members of our existing senior 

management, particularly Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of 

Mr. Bergman could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have an employment agreement with Mr. 
Bergman. We do not currently have “key man” life insurance policies on any of our employees.
 Competition for 

senior management is intense, burnout and turn-over rates are increasing workplace concerns during and after the 

COVID-19 pandemic, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining key personnel.
 Additionally, our 

future revenues and profitability depend on our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with qualified sales 

personnel as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers. If we fail to maintain our existing relationships with 

such persons or fail to acquire relationships with such key persons in the future, our business may be materially 

adversely affected. 
Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect the availability and cost of credit to us. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on 

our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, 

business and other factors beyond our control. Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect 

the availability and cost of credit to us. 

Table of Contents

40