.

” for a discussion of additional burdens, risks and regulatory developments that may 

affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
Proprietary Rights
We hold trademarks relating to the “Henry Schein
®
” name and logo, as well as certain other trademarks. We intend 

to protect our trademarks to the fullest extent practicable. 

Employees and Human Capital 
Henry Schein has a long, rich history of a purpose-driven model that engages our five key stakeholders – our 

supplier partners, customers, our employees, who are referred to as Team Schein Members (“TSMs”), stockholders 
and society at large – of our Mosaic of Success to drive sustained, long-term economic success while also creating 

shared value for society. Through our strong values-based culture, our sustainability
 approach and environmental, 

social, and governance (“ESG”) efforts integrates our sense of purpose into the way we operate our business so that 

we can “do well by doing good” for a healthier planet and healthier people. Overseen by the Nominating and 

Governance Committee of our Board of Directors (“Board”) with the Compensation Committee also playing a role 

in ESG matters related to human capital engagement and executive compensation, some key 2023 highlights related 

to human capital matters include: 
•
continuing to evaluate our pay equity analysis for the majority of the U.S. workforce, which reviews 

compensation across gender and ethnic groups for equity and fairness; 

•
expanding our Diversity and Inclusion (“D&I”) learning journey by educating TSMs on key D&I 

topics; and 
•
continuing to drive a culture of wellness and engagement for our TSMs by fostering an environment 

where they can feel engaged, included and psychologically safe. 
At Henry Schein, our employees are our greatest asset. We employ more than 25,000 people, approximately 55% 

of our workforce is based in the United States and approximately 45% is based outside of the United States.

Approximately 14% of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our 

relations with our employees are excellent. 
Our TSMs are the cornerstone of the Company. We provide a connected and caring community that invests in the 

career journey of our TSMs and encourages their contribution to our mission of making the world healthier.
 Our 

TSM experience strategy is centered around our Team Schein Values, or the guiding principles and shared 

responsibilities of Henry Schein and its TSMs. We know our business success is built on the engagement and 

commitment of our team, which is dedicated to meeting the needs of their fellow TSMs, our customers, supplier 

partners, stockholders and society. 

Table of Contents

20 
We recognize the changes in how and where we work, and the expectations of our team members to still feel 
connected to our values-based culture. Throughout 2023, we rolled out a continuous listening program
 that used 

various vehicles, including The Pulse Global Culture Survey and TSM roundtables, to garner feedback from our 

TSMs on their employee experience. The Pulse Global Culture Survey was redesigned in 2023 to measure
 scores 

aligned to our Team Schein Values - and we received good or excellent scores in all values.
 The feedback showed 

us that TSMs overall enjoy working for the Company and intend to stay, mainly driven by our values-based culture 

and providing TSMs with a sense of purpose, a meaningful experience and an overall positive work environment.

However, there are also areas of opportunity, which include a focus on reducing burnout and stress, and providing 
more opportunities for career mobility. This feedback is shared with our Executive Management Committee
 and 

Board, both of whom are committed to addressing the identified opportunities. As part of this commitment, some 

highlights in 2023 included: 
•
Community
: Provide opportunities for TSMs to have fun while contributing to an inclusive team that respects 

and supports one another. 
•
Continued focus on creating a diverse and inclusive environment where TSMs feel a sense of 

belonging. In 2023, Diversity and Inclusion, for the second time, was our
 top strength identified in The 

Pulse Global Culture Survey. To guide our efforts and education related to D&I, our Diversity and 

Inclusion Council, with engagement from our Board and Executive Management Committee, drives the 

Company’s overall D&I strategy. To deepen our commitment to D&I across the Company, Global 

Directors and Vice Presidents each have a goal tied to their compensation to champion D&I and attend 
educational training, and in 2023 we cascaded this goal down to our U.S. Managers.
 We continue to 

expand our D&I learning journey, educating TSMs on key D&I topics. We understand the importance 

of ensuring our internal team reflects the diversity of our customers and society and continue to focus 

on this through our talent planning, compensation and recruitment processes in alignment with our 

corporate strategic planning objectives to achieve concrete results. We continue to publish our United 

States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) EEO-1 data for the U.S. 

•
Launched Henry Schein Games, a virtual platform with a field-day type event at various locations that 

brought TSMs together through friendly competition by earning points for their team by engaging in 

cultural-related activities and posting photos. 
•
Launched Community Circles, which brought TSMs across the Company together to connect about 

topics, hobbies and activities that they are passionate about. 
•
Hosted Connection Days throughout the globe at Henry Schein facilities, which were designed to boost 

team morale by bringing TSMs together to participate in fun non-work-related activities at least once 

per quarter. 
•
Continued to expand our Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”), an inclusive and diverse vehicle for all 

TSMs to share, connect, learn and develop both personally and professionally. Each of our ERGs has a 

sponsor from our Executive Management Committee and our Board. Our CEO engages directly in 

many of our ERG programs. 

•
Launched an enhanced Onboarding Program that provides TSMs with strategic programming to help 

ensure a successful start to their careers at Henry Schein. To help ensure TSMs who are joining the 

Company in a remote or hybrid working environment feel connected to our values-based culture, we 

launched a Culture Ambassador Program, which provides new hires with a mentor for 90 days to walk 

through how we live our values and how they can engage. 

•
Caring: 
Build a world we want to live in by supporting each other and the communities in which we live and 

work.
•
Continued to offer a variety of opportunities to volunteer for team-building and engaging in local 

communities in which TSMs live and work, such as through Carry the Load, the We Care Global 

Challenge, Back to School and Holiday Cheer. 

•
Launched a new quarterly campaign to provide opportunities for TSMs to engage in meaningful 

ways that connect back to their own personal purpose, such as helping the community through 

corporate social responsibility activities virtually or in-person. 

•
Enhanced our strategic partnerships with industry associations, customers and suppliers that 

support access to quality health care through various key programs and initiatives (e.g., Gives Kids 

A Smile, Alpha Omega-Henry Schein Cares Holocaust Survivors Oral Health Program and Release 

Table of Contents

21 
the Pressure).
•
Expanded our Steps for Suicide Prevention campaign, which brings TSMs together to walk for a 

cause and provide education. 
•
We also understand the importance of driving a culture of wellness for our own team members 
through our Mental Wellness Committee, which is supported by our CEO, Executive Management 
Committee and Board. In 2023, we rolled out a ‘Year of Wellness’
 campaign that provided 

monthly tips, videos and educational programming to TSMs that focused on how they may be 

feeling that month. We also launched an education program for managers of TSMs that provided 

tactical examples of how to help reduce burnout amongst teams and support the new way of 

working. 
•
Career: 
Provide opportunities for TSMs to develop personally and professionally with an emphasis on 
embodying our values to achieve our collective goals with excellence and integrity.

•
Continued investment in our employees by providing both formal and informal learning 

opportunities focused on growing and enhancing knowledge, skills and abilities through a 

broad suite of professional development training programs for current and future roles.
 In 

2023, we saw an increase in participation in our workshops, with TSMs reporting a high 

utilization of skills learned. 
•
Continued expansion of our formal mentorship and coaching programs. 

•
Continued roll-out of talent planning efforts designed to ensure a strong, diverse leadership 
pipeline across the organization by strategically identifying and developing talent through 

targeted development opportunities and intentional succession plans. Information derived from 

talent planning efforts informs curriculum design and content to help focus on the right 

capabilities and help ensure alignment of career development efforts with the future needs of 

the organization. Our Board is provided with periodic updates regarding our talent
 and 

succession planning efforts and participates in professional development activities with our 

TSMs. 

•
Enhanced company-wide recognitions, including our Teddy Philson Team Schein Award, 
which was redesigned in 2023 to provide more visibility and meaningful recognition to TSMs 

who exemplify our Team Schein Values, as well as other programs including service awards 

which highlight TSMs who exemplify our Team Schein Values. 
Available Information 
We make available free of charge through our Internet website, www.henryschein.com, our annual report on Form 
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, statements of beneficial ownership of 

securities on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments to these reports and statements filed or furnished pursuant to 

Section 13(a) and Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after such 

materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or 

SEC. Our principal executive offices are located at 135 Duryea Road, Melville, New
 York
 11747, and our 

telephone number is (631) 843-5500. Unless the context specifically requires otherwise, the terms
 the “Company,” 

“Henry Schein,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated 

subsidiaries. 

Table of Contents

22 
Information about our Executive Officers 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers: 

Name
Age
Position
Stanley M. Bergman 
74
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director
James P. Breslawski 

70
Vice Chairman, President, Director
Brad Connett
65
Chief Executive Officer, North America Distribution Group
Michael S. Ettinger 
62
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Lorelei McGlynn 
60
Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer
Mark E. Mlotek 
68
Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer, Director
Walter Siegel 
64
Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer
Ronald N. South
62
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Stanley M. Bergman
 has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1989 and a director
 since 1982.

Mr. Bergman held the position of President from 1989 to 2005. Mr. Bergman held the position of Executive Vice 

President from 1985 to 1989 and Vice President of Finance and Administration from 1980 to 1985. 

James P. Breslawski
 has been our Vice Chairman since 2018, President since 2005 and a director since 1992.
 Mr. 

Breslawski was the Chief Executive Officer of our Henry Schein Global Dental Group from 2005 to 2018.
 Mr. 

Breslawski held the position of Executive Vice President and President of U.S. Dental from 1990 to 2005, with 
primary responsibility for the North American Dental Group. Between 1980 and 1990, Mr. Breslawski held 

various positions with us, including Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Administration and 
Corporate Controller. 
Brad Connett
 has been our Chief Executive Officer, North American Distribution Group since 2021.
 Previously 

Mr. Connett was the President of our U.S. Medical Group from 2018 to 2021. Mr. Connett joined us in 1997 and 

has held a number of roles of increasing responsibility at the Company. Throughout his career, he has received 

numerous industry honors, including the John F. Sasen Leadership Award from the Health Industry Distributors 
Association (HIDA), in recognition of his service to the industry, and induction into the Medical Distribution Hall 
of Fame by Repertoire Magazine. 
Michael S. Ettinger
 has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since 2022.
 Prior to his 

current position, Mr. Ettinger served as Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs, Chief of Staff and 
Secretary from 2015 to 2022, Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Secretary from 2013 to 2015, 
Corporate Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary from 2006 to 2013, Vice President, General 
Counsel and Secretary from 2000 to 2006, Vice President and Associate General Counsel from 1998 to 2000 and 

Associate General Counsel from 1994 to 1998. Before joining us, Mr. Ettinger served as a senior associate with 

Bower & Gardner and as a member of the Tax Department at Arthur Andersen. 
Lorelei McGlynn
 has been our Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since 2013.
 Since joining 

us in 1999, Ms. McGlynn has served as Vice President, Global Human Resources and Financial Operations from 
2008 to 2013, Chief Financial Officer, International Group and Vice President of Global Financial Operations from 
2002 to 2008 and Vice President, Finance, North America from 1999 to 2002. Prior to joining us, Ms. McGlynn 

served as Assistant Vice President of Finance at Adecco Corporation. 
Mark E. Mlotek
 has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer since 2012.
 Mr. Mlotek was 

Senior Vice President and subsequently Executive Vice President of the Corporate Business Development Group 
between 2000 and 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Mlotek was Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 1994 to 

1999 and became a director in 1995. Prior to joining us, Mr. Mlotek was a partner in the law firm of Proskauer 

Rose LLP, counsel to us, specializing in mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations and tax law from
 1989 

to 1994. 

Table of Contents

23 
Walter Siegel
 has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since 2021.
 Previously, Mr.
 Siegel was 

our Senior Vice President and General Counsel from 2013 until 2021. Prior to joining us, Mr. Siegel was employed 

with Standard Microsystems Corporation, a publicly traded global semiconductor company from 2005 to 2012, 

holding positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and 
Secretary. 
Ronald N. South
 has been our Senior Vice President
 and Chief Financial Officer (and principal financial officer 

and principal accounting officer) since 2022. Prior to holding his current position, Mr. South was our Vice 

President Corporate Finance, and Chief Accounting Officer from 2013 until 2022. Prior to joining us in 2008 as 

our Vice President, Corporate Finance, Mr. South held leadership roles at Bristol-Myers Squibb, where he served as 
Vice President, Finance, for the Cardiovascular and Metabolic business lines, as well as Vice President, Controller, 
for its U.S. Pharmaceutical Division, and Vice President, Corporate General Auditor. Prior to Bristol-Myers 

Squibb, he served as North American Director of Corporate Audit at PepsiCo, and held several roles of increasing 

responsibility with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, where he advised clients located in the United States, Europe, 
and Latin America. Mr. South is a certified public accountant. 

Other Executive Management 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding other Executive Management: 

Name
Age
Position
Andrea Albertini
53
Chief Executive Officer, International Distribution Group
Leigh Benowitz
56
Senior Vice President and Chief Global Digital Transformation Officer 
Trinh Clark
50
Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer
James Mullins
59
Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain
Kelly Murphy
43
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Christopher Pendergast
61
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
René Willi, Ph.D.
56
Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group
Andrea Albertini
 has been Chief Executive Officer, International Distribution Group since 2023.
 Mr. Albertini 

joined us in 2013 and has held several positions within the organization including President, International 

Distribution Group, President of our EMEA Dental Distribution Group, and Vice-President of International Dental 

Equipment. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Albertini held leadership positions at Cefla Dental Group and 

Castellini. 
Leigh Benowitz
 has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Global Digital Transformation Officer since August 

2022. Ms. Benowitz joined us in 2017 and has held several key positions
 including Vice President Digital & 

Customer Experience and Global eCommerce Platform Digital Transformation Officer. Prior to joining Henry 

Schein, Ms. Benowitz held various positions of increasing responsibility at Citi. 

Trinh Clark 
has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer since August 
2022. Ms. Clark joined us in 2007 and has served as Vice President, Technology Enablement, North American 

Distribution Group. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Ms. Clark held various positions of
 increasing responsibility at 

eSurg.
James Mullins
 has been our Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain since 2018.
 Mr. Mullins joined us in 

1988 and has held a number of key positions with increasing responsibility, including Global Chief Customer 
Service Officer. 
Kelly Murphy
 has been our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since 2021.
 Since joining us in 2011, Ms. 

Murphy has held several key positions of increasing responsibility within the legal function, most recently serving 

as Deputy General Counsel. 

Table of Contents

24 
Christopher Pendergast
 has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since 2018.
 Prior to 

joining us, Mr. Pendergast was employed by VSP Global from 2008 to 2018, most recently as the Chief 
Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer. Prior to VSP Global, Mr. Pendergast served in roles of 

increasing responsibility at Natural Organics, Inc., from 2006 to 2008, IdeaSphere Inc./Twinlab Corporation from 
2000 to 2006, IBM Corporation from 1987 to 1994 and 1998 to 2000 and Rohm and Haas from 1994 to 1998. 

René Willi, Ph.D.
 has been our Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group since 2021.

Previously, Dr. Willi was the President of our Global Dental Surgical Group.
 Prior to joining Henry Schein, Dr. 

Willi held senior level roles with Institut Straumann AG as Executive Vice President, Surgical Business Unit from 
2005 to 2013. Prior to Straumann, he held roles of increasing responsibility
 in Medtronic Plc’s cardiovascular 

division from 2003 to 2005 and with McKinsey & Company as a management consultant from 2000 to 2003. 

Table of Contents

25 
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
Our business operations could be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently 

consider not to be material to our operations, so you should not consider the risks disclosed in this section to 

necessarily represent a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties. The Company believes that the following 

risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial results, financial condition and/or 

the trading price of our common stock. The order in which these factors appear does not necessarily reflect
 their 

relative importance or priority. 

COMPANY RISKS 
We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of a significant volume of our products. 
We obtain a significant volume of the products we distribute from third parties, with whom we generally do not 
have long-term contracts. While there is typically more than one source of supply, some key suppliers, in the 

aggregate, supply a significant portion of the products we sell. In 2023, our top 10 health care distribution suppliers 

and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 25% and 4%, respectively, of our aggregate purchases. 

Because of our dependence upon such suppliers, our operations are subject to the suppliers’ ability and willingness 

to supply products in the quantities that we require, and the risks include delays caused by interruption in 

production based on conditions outside of our control, including a supplier’s failure to comply with applicable 

government requirements (which may result in product recalls and/or cessation of sales) or an interruption in the 

suppliers’ manufacturing capabilities. In the event of any such interruption in supply, we would need to identify 

and obtain acceptable replacement sources on a timely basis. There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain 

such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis, if at all, and an extended interruption in supply, particularly of 

a high-sales volume product, could result in a significant disruption in our sales and operations, as well as damage 

to our relationships with customers and our reputation. In addition, certain of our suppliers have had their ability to 

service certain markets restricted or negatively impacted because of allegations of forced labor in their supply 

chain. Forced labor legislation affecting the supply chain has increased around
 the world, and the United States 

recently passed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act. Our supply chain could be materially disrupted if our 

suppliers fail to comply with, or are unable to satisfy our demand for products, as a result of applicable forced labor 

legislation and regulations. 
Our future
 growth
 (especially
 for
 our
 technology
 and
 value-added
 services
 segment)
 is
 dependent
 upon
 our 

ability to
 develop
 or
 acquire
 and
 maintain
 and
 protect
 new
 products
 and
 technologies
 that
 achieve
 market 

acceptance with acceptable margins. 
Our future success depends on our ability to timely develop (or obtain the right to sell) competitive and innovative 

(particularly for our technology and value-added services segment) products and services and to market them 

quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to anticipate customer needs and emerging trends and develop or acquire 

new products, services and technologies at competitive prices requires significant resources, including employees 

with the requisite skills, experience and expertise, particularly in our technology segment, including dental practice 

management, patient engagement and demand creation software solutions. The failure to successfully address these 

challenges could materially disrupt our sales and operations. Additionally, our software and e-services products, 

like software products generally, may contain undetected errors or bugs when introduced or as new versions are 
released. Any such defective software may result in increased expenses
 related to the software and could adversely 

affect our relationships with customers as well as our reputation. With respect to certain software and e-services 

that we develop, we rely primarily upon copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as contractual and 

common law protections and confidentiality obligations. We cannot provide assurance that such legal protections 

will be available, adequate or enforceable in a timely manner to protect our software or e-services products. 

Risks inherent in acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures could offset the anticipated benefits.

One of our business strategies has been to expand our domestic and international markets in part through 

acquisitions and joint ventures and we expect to continue to make acquisitions and enter into joint ventures in the 

future. Such transactions require significant management attention,
 may place significant demands on our 

operations, information systems, legal, regulatory, compliance, financial, and human resources functions, and there 

Table of Contents

26 
is risk that one or more may not succeed. We cannot be sure, for example, that we will achieve the benefits of 

revenue growth that we expect from these acquisitions or joint ventures or that we will avoid unforeseen additional 

costs, taxes, or expenses. Our ability to successfully implement our acquisition and joint venture
 strategy depends 

upon, among other things, the following: 
•
the availability of suitable acquisition or joint venture candidates at acceptable prices; 

•
our ability to consummate such transactions, which could potentially be prohibited due to U.S. or 

foreign antitrust regulations; 
•
the liquidity of our investments and the availability of financing on acceptable terms; 

•
our ability to retain customers or product lines of the acquired businesses or joint ventures; 

•
our ability to retain, recruit and incentivize the management of the companies we acquire; and 

•
our ability to successfully integrate these companies’ operations, services, products and personnel with 

our culture, management policies, legal, regulatory, and compliance policies, cybersecurity systems and 
policies, internal procedures, working capital management, financial, and operational controls and 

strategies. 
Furthermore, some of our acquisitions and future acquisitions may give rise to an obligation to make contingent 

payments or to satisfy certain repurchase obligations, which payments could have material adverse impacts on our 

financial results individually or in the aggregate. 
Additionally, when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or 
executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment 

of our strategic objectives. Alternatively, we may dispose of assets or a business at a price or on terms that are less 

than we had anticipated. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement
 in a divested business, 

such as through transition service agreements, indemnities or other current or contingent financial obligations.

Under these arrangements, performance by the acquired or divested business, or other conditions outside our 

control, could affect our future financial results. 
Certain provisions in our governing documents and other documents to which we are a party may discourage 

third parties from seeking to acquire us that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium 

over the market price of their shares. 
The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may make it more difficult for a third-party to 

acquire us, may discourage acquisition bids and may impact the price that certain investors might be willing to pay 

in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions, among other things require (i) the affirmative vote 

of the holders of at least 60% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote to approve a merger, consolidation, or 

a sale, lease, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets; and (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders 

of at least 66 2/3% of our common stock entitled to vote to (a) remove a director; and (b) to amend or repeal our 

by-laws, with certain limited exceptions. In addition, certain of our employee incentive plans provide
 for 

accelerated vesting of stock options and other awards upon termination without cause within two years following a 

change in control, or grant the plan committee discretion to accelerate awards upon a change of control.
 Further, 

certain agreements between us and our executive officers provide for increased severance payments and certain 

benefits if those executive officers are terminated without cause by us or if they terminate for good reason, in each 

case within two years following a change in control or within ninety days prior to the effective date of the change in 

control or after the first public announcement of the pendency of the change in control. 

Adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives could negatively affect our business. 

The terms on which
 we purchase
 or sell
 products from
 many suppliers
 may entitle
 us to
 receive a
 rebate or
 other 

purchasing incentive based on the attainment of certain growth goals.
 Suppliers may reduce or eliminate rebates or 

incentives offered
 under
 their
 programs,
 or
 increase
 the
 growth
 goals
 or
 other
 conditions
 we
 must
 meet
 to
 earn 

rebates or
 incentives
 to
 levels
 that
 we
 cannot
 achieve.
 Increased
 competition
 either
 from
 generic
 or
 equivalent 

branded products could result
 in us
 failing to
 earn rebates
 or incentives
 that are
 conditioned upon
 achievement of 

growth goals. Additionally, factors outside
 of our control, such as customer
 preferences, consolidation of suppliers 

or supply issues, can have a material impact on our ability to achieve the growth goals established by
 our suppliers, 

Table of Contents

27 
which may
 reduce the
 amount of
 rebates
 or
 incentives we
 receive.
 The
 occurrence
 of
 any
 of
 these events
 could 

have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

Sales of corporate brand products entail additional risks, including the risk that such sales could adversely affect 

our relationships with suppliers. 
We offer certain corporate brand products that are available exclusively from us.
 The sale of such products subjects 

us to the risks generally encountered by entities that source, market and sell corporate brand products, including but 
not limited to
 potential product
 liability risks,
 mandatory or
 voluntary product
 recalls, potential
 supply chain
 and 

distribution chain
 disruptions,
 and
 potential
 intellectual
 property
 infringement
 risks.
 Any
 failure
 to
 adequately 

address some
 or
 all
 of
 these
 risks
 could
 have
 an
 adverse
 effect
 on
 our
 business, financial
 condition
 or
 operating 

results. In
 addition,
 an
 increase
 in
 the
 sales
 of
 our
 corporate
 brand
 products
 may
 negatively
 affect
 our
 sales
 of 

products owned by our suppliers which, consequently,
 could adversely impact certain
 of our supplier relationships.

Our ability to locate qualified, economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient 

products in a timely
 and effective
 manner,
 is critical
 to ensuring,
 among other
 things, that
 customer confidence
 is 

not diminished. In addition, we
 are exposed to
 the risk
 that our competitors
 or our large
 customers may introduce 

their own private label,
 generic, or
 low-cost products
 that compete
 with our
 products at
 lower price
 points.
 Such 

products could capture significant
 market share
 or decrease
 market prices
 overall, eroding
 our sales
 and margins.

Any failure to develop sourcing
 relationships with a
 broad and deep
 supplier base could
 have an adverse
 effect on 

our business, financial condition or operating results. 

INDUSTRY RISKS 
Security risks generally associated with our information systems and our technology products and services have 

in the recent past adversely affected our business and results of operations, and could in the future materially 

adversely affect our business and our results of operations if such products, services, or systems (or third-party 

systems we rely on) are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, are subject to cyberattacks or fail for any 

extended period of time. 
We rely on information systems (“IS”) in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store 
customer, product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: 
•
maintain and manage worldwide systems to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of 

inventory items from numerous distribution centers; 
•
receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; 
•
manage the accurate billing and collections for our customers; 
•
process payments to suppliers; 

•
provide products and services that maintain certain of our customers’ electronic medical or dental 

records (including protected health information of their patients); and 
•
maintain and manage global human resources, compensation and payroll systems. 

In addition to health information in our customers’ electronic medical and dental records, certain of our IS stores 

other sensitive personal and financial information, such as healthcare and other information related to our 

employees, as well as other sensitive information such as credit card information from our third-party business 

partners, that is confidential, and in many cases subject to privacy laws.

Our IS are vulnerable to, among other things, natural disasters, power losses, computer viruses, telecommunication 

failures, cybersecurity threats and other criminal activity. Information security risks have significantly increased in 

recent years in part because of an overall increase in cyber incidents, their increased sophistication, and the 

involvement of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and foreign state agents. The healthcare industry in particular 

has been targeted by threat actors seeking to undermine companies’ cybersecurity defensive measures.

We have processes in place intended to ensure that our security measures keep pace with new and emerging risks. 

We regularly review, monitor and implement multiple layers of security through technology, processes and our 

people. We utilize security technologies designed to protect and maintain the integrity of our IS and data, and our 

Table of Contents

28 
defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties.
 Despite these efforts, our facilities 

and systems and those of our third-party service providers have been, and may in the future be, vulnerable to 

privacy and security incidents, cybersecurity attacks and data breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses 

and other malicious code, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors,
 attacks or other acts 

undermining IS of third party business partners including our customers, or other similar events that could impact 

the security, reliability and availability of our systems. In addition, hardware, software or applications developed 

internally or procured from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could 

unexpectedly compromise information security. As a practical matter, so long as we depend on IS to operate our 

business, and our business partners do the same, there can be no guaranty that such measures will successfully stop 

any one particular cybersecurity incident given the constantly evolving nature of the threat.
 We may also incur 

substantial costs as we update our cybersecurity defense systems and our general computer controls to meet 

evolving challenges, and legislative or regulatory action related to cybersecurity may increase our costs to develop 

or implement new technology products and services. 
A cyberattack that bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity / or general information technology (“IT”) 

controls (including third-party systems we rely on) causing an IS security breach may lead, and has in the past led, 

to a disruption of our IS business systems (including third-party systems we rely on), interruption of operations 

(including, without limitation, receiving, verifying, and processing customer orders, customer service, accounts 

payable, warehouse management and shipping, and systems tied to internal controls over financial reporting), the 

loss or alteration of business, financial, and other protected information, a negative impact on our financial 

performance, and to an adverse impact on our financial accounting and reporting controls.

A cyberattack that bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity / or general computer controls or those of third 

parties with whom we engage may also lead to claims against us by affected parties and/or governmental agencies, 

and involve fines and penalties, as well as substantial defense and settlement expenses.
 Any of these impacts may 

alone, or collectively, have a material impact on our business. A successful cyberattack has, and may again in the 

future, disrupt our business operations, adversely impact our financial accounting and reporting of results of 

operations, divert the attention of management, and adversely impact our results of operations.

In addition, we develop products and provide services to our customers that are technology-based, and a 

cyberattack that bypasses the IS supporting our products or services causing a security breach and/or perceived 

security vulnerabilities in our products or services could also cause significant loss of business and reputational 

harm, and actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us by our customers and/or governmental 

agencies. In addition, certain of our practice management products and services
 purchased by health care 

providers, such as physicians and dentists, are used to store and manage patient medical or dental records.
 These 

customers are subject to laws and regulations which require that they protect the privacy and security of those 

records, and our products may be used as part of these customers’ comprehensive data security programs, including 

in connection with their efforts to comply with applicable privacy and security laws. 

In addition to immaterial and unrelated prior incidents at certain of our subsidiaries, in October 2023, Henry Schein 

experienced a cybersecurity incident that primarily affected the operations of our North American and European 

dental and medical distribution businesses. Henry Schein One, our practice management software, revenue
 cycle 

management and patient relationship management solutions business was not affected, and our manufacturing 

businesses were mostly unaffected. Once we became aware of the issue, we took steps to assess, contain
 and 

remediate this incident. We restored affected systems and applications, our distribution operations resumed and we 

reactivated our ecommerce platform. We also notified law enforcement and our employees, customers, suppliers 

and investors, informing them of both the incident and management’s efforts to mitigate its impact on our daily 
operations and data maintained on the Company’s systems. Subsequently, on or about November 8, 2023, we 

determined that the threat actor obtained personal and sensitive information maintained on our systems belonging to 

certain third parties and since that date we have notified affected parties and potentially affected parties as 

appropriate. The scope of personal and sensitive data impacted is still under investigation.
 On November 22, 2023, 

we experienced a related disruption to our ecommerce platform and related applications, which has since been 

remediated. The October 2023 cybersecurity incident disrupted key
 business operations, adversely impacted our 

financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023, diverted attention of management, and caused the 

Company to incur significant remediation costs. We continue to review the effects of the incident on the 

Company’s business as we do expect some short-term residual impact on our financial results in 2024. In January 

Table of Contents

29 
2024, two putative class actions were filed against us based on the incident and one of these actions is still pending.

We are spending, and plan to expend in the future, additional resources to continue to protect against, or to address 
problems caused by, business interruptions, and data security breaches. 
In addition, customers and suppliers may impose additional cybersecurity requirements on us as a result of the 

incident we experienced in October 2023, and some customers and suppliers have made such requests to date.
 We 

cannot guarantee that we will be able to satisfy such additional requirements, and failure to satisfy such 

requirements could result in a loss of revenue or diminished product availability that could materially affect our 

business adversely. We also may be perceived as a more vulnerable target of the cyber hackers as a result of the 

October 2023 incident. If the Company is subject to more attacks in the future as a result of
 the recent incident, this 

could materially affect our business adversely.
We maintain cyber insurance, subject to certain retentions and policy limitations. With respect to the October 2023 

cybersecurity incident, we have a $60 million insurance policy, following a $5 million retention. 

The health care products distribution industry is highly competitive (including, without limitation, competition 

from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating, and we may not be able to compete successfully. 

We compete with numerous companies, including several major manufacturers and distributors. Some of our 

competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do, which could allow them to compete more 

successfully. Most of our products are available from several sources and our customers
 tend to have relationships 

with several distributors. Competitors could obtain exclusive rights to market particular
 products, which we would 

then be unable to market. Manufacturers also could increase their efforts to sell directly to end-users and
 thereby 

eliminate or reduce our role in distribution. Industry consolidation among health care product distributors and 

manufacturers, price competition, product unavailability, whether due to our inability to gain access to products or 
to interruptions in manufacturing supply, or the emergence of new competitors, also could increase competition. 

Consolidation has also increased among manufacturers of health care products, which could have a material 

adverse effect on our margins and product availability. We could be subject to charges and financial losses in the 

event we fail to satisfy minimum purchase commitments contained in some of our contracts.
 Additionally, 

traditional health care supply and distribution relationships are being challenged by electronic online commerce 

solutions. The continued advancement of online commerce by third
 parties will require us to cost-effectively adapt 

to changing technologies, to enhance existing services and to differentiate our business (including with additional 

value-added services) to address changing demands of consumers and our customers on a timely basis.
 The 

emergence of such potential competition and our inability to anticipate and effectively respond to changes on a 

timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The health care industry is experiencing changes due to political, economic and regulatory influences that could 

materially adversely affect our business. 
The health care industry is highly regulated and subject to changing political, economic, and regulatory influences.

In recent years, the health care industry has undergone, and is in the process of undergoing, significant changes 

driven by various efforts to reduce costs, including, among other factors: trends toward managed care; collective 

purchasing arrangements and consolidation among office-based health care practitioners; and changes in 

reimbursements to customers, including increased attention to value-based payment arrangements, as well as 

growing enforcement activities (and related monetary recoveries) by governmental officials.
 Both our profitability 

and the profitability of our customers may be materially adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing 

reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and devices, and/or medical treatments or services, or 

changes to the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined. If we are unable to react effectively to 

these and other changes in the health care industry, our business could be materially adversely affected. The ACA 

greatly expanded health insurance coverage in the United States and has been the target of litigation and 

Congressional reform efforts since its adoption. Any outcome of future court cases that change the ACA, in 

addition to future legislation, regulation, guidance and/or Executive Orders that do the same, could have a 

significant impact on the U.S. healthcare industry and the ability or willingness of individuals to engage with it.

Table of Contents

30 
Expansion of GPOs, DSOs or provider networks and the multi-tiered costing structure may place us at a 

competitive disadvantage. 
The health care products industry is subject to a multi-tiered costing structure, which can vary by manufacturer 

and/or product. Under this structure, certain institutions can obtain more favorable
 prices for health care products 

than we are able to obtain. The multi-tiered costing structure continues to expand as many large integrated health 

care providers and others with significant purchasing power, such as GPOs and DSOs, demand more favorable 
pricing terms. Additionally, the formation of provider networks, GPOs and DSOs may shift purchasing decisions 

to entities or persons with whom we do not have a historical relationship and may threaten our ability to compete 

effectively, which could in turn negatively impact our financial results. In addition, such organizations may 

establish direct relationships with manufacturers, thereby either eliminating or reducing the services historically 

provided by distributors. Although we are seeking to obtain similar terms from manufacturers
 to access lower 

prices demanded by GPO and DSO contracts or other contracts, and to develop relationships with existing and 

emerging provider networks, GPOs and DSOs, we cannot guarantee that such terms will be obtained or contracts 

executed. 

Increases in shipping costs or service issues with our third-party shippers could harm our business. 

Our ability to meet our customers’ expedited delivery expectations is an integral component of our business 

strategy for which our customers rely. Shipping is a significant expense in the operation of our business.
 We ship 

almost all of our orders through third-party delivery services, and typically bear the cost of shipment.
 Accordingly, 

any significant increase in shipping rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition 

or operating results. While we have recently experienced increases in the cost of shipping,
 we do not expect these 

additional expenses to be material to our results. However, it is possible that such costs could be material in the 

future. Similarly, strikes or other service interruptions by those shippers, including at transportation centers or 

shipping ports, could cause our operating expenses to rise and materially adversely affect our ability to deliver 

products on a timely basis. 
MACRO-ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL RISKS 
Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions could materially adversely affect our 

results of operations and financial condition. 
Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions that affect the economy and the economic 

outlook of the United States, Europe, Asia, and other parts of the world could materially adversely affect our results 

of operations and financial condition. These uncertainties, include, among other things: 

•
election results; 
•
changes to laws and policies governing foreign trade, tariffs and sanctions, or greater restrictions on 

imports and exports; 
•
supply chain disruptions; 
•
changes in laws and policies governing health care or data privacy; 
•
changes to the relationship between the United States and China; 
•
sovereign debt levels; 
•
the inability of political institutions to effectively resolve actual or perceived economic, currency or 

budgetary crises or issues; 
•
consumer confidence; 
•
unemployment levels (and a corresponding increase in the uninsured and underinsured population); 

•
changes in regulatory and tax regulations; 
•
interest rate fluctuations, and strengthening of the dollar, which have and will continue to impact our 

results of operations; 
•
availability of capital; 
•
increases in fuel and energy costs; 
•
the effect of inflation on our ability to procure products and our ability to increase prices over time and 

pass through to our customers price increases we may receive; 

Table of Contents

31 
•
changes in tax rates and the availability of certain tax deductions; 
•
increases in labor costs or health care costs; 
•
the threat or outbreak of war, terrorism or public unrest (including, without limitation, the war in 
Ukraine, the Israel-Gaza war and other unrest and threats in the Middle East, and the possibility of a 

wider European or global conflict); and 

•
changes in laws and policies governing manufacturing, development, and investment in territories and 

countries where we do business. 
Additionally, changes in government, government debt and/or budget crises may lead to reductions in government 
spending in certain countries, which could reduce overall health care spending, and/or higher income or corporate 

taxes, which could depress spending overall. Recessionary or inflationary conditions and depressed levels of 

consumer and commercial spending may also cause customers to reduce, modify, delay,
 or cancel plans to purchase 

our products and may cause suppliers to reduce their output or change their terms of sale.
 We have experienced 

inflationary pressures, including higher freight costs and interest expense. Although inflation impacts both our 

revenues and costs, the depth and breadth of our product portfolio often allows us to offer lower-cost national brand 

solutions or corporate brand alternatives to our more price-sensitive customers who are unable to absorb price 

increases, thus positioning us to protect our gross profit. The strengthening of the dollar, likewise, has impacted 

our revenues and costs, but neither inflation nor exchange rates have materially impacted our results of operations 

in fiscal year 2023. We generally sell products to customers with payment terms.
 If customers’ cash flow or 

operating and financial performance deteriorate, or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain credit, 

they may not be able to, or may delay, payment to us. Likewise, for similar reasons suppliers may restrict credit or 

impose different payment terms. 
REGULATORY AND LITIGATION RISKS 

Failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect our 

business. 
We strive to be compliant with the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below in all material 
respects, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls in place to ensure substantial 

compliance. However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future as certain laws, regulations
 and 

guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could affect our ability to comply, as well as, 

future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including in light of political changes.
 When we discover 

situations of non-compliance we seek to remedy them and bring the affected area back into compliance.
 Changes 

with respect to the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below may require us to update or revise 

our operations, services, marketing practices, and compliance programs and controls, and may impose additional 

and unforeseen costs on us, pose new or previously immaterial risks to us, or may otherwise have a material 

adverse effect on our business. There can be no assurance that current and future government
 regulations will not 

adversely affect our business, and we cannot predict new regulatory priorities, the form, content or timing of 

regulatory actions, and their impact on the health care industry and on our business and operations. 

Global efforts toward healthcare cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing.
 In the United 

States, in addition to other government efforts to control health care costs, there has been increased scrutiny on drug 

pricing and concurrent efforts to control or reduce drug costs by Congress, the President, executive branch agencies 

and various states. We and our subsidiaries may be required to report drug pricing data under federal laws and 

regulations. At the state level, several states have adopted laws, that may
 apply to some of our operations, that 

require drug manufacturers, including re-packagers or re-labelers, to provide advance notice of certain price 

increases and to report information relating to those price increases, while others have taken legislative or 

administrative action to establish prescription drug affordability boards or multi-payer purchasing pools to reduce 

the cost of prescription drugs. At the federal level, several related bills have been introduced
 and regulations 

proposed which, if enacted or finalized, respectively, would impact drug pricing and related costs. 
Under the Sunshine Act, we are required to collect and report detailed information regarding certain financial 

relationships we have with covered recipients, including physicians, dentists, teaching hospitals, and certain other 

non-physician practitioners. We and our subsidiaries may be required to report information under certain state 

Table of Contents

32 
transparency laws that address circumstances not covered by the Sunshine Act, and some of these state laws, as 

well as the federal law, can be unclear. We are also subject to foreign regulations requiring transparency of certain 

interactions between suppliers and their customers. While we believe we have substantially compliant programs 

and controls in place satisfying the above laws and requirements, such compliance imposes additional costs on us 

and the requirements are sometimes unclear. In the United States, government actions to seek to increase health-

related price transparency may also affect our business. 
Our business is subject to additional requirements under various local, state, federal and international laws and 

regulations applicable to the sale and distribution of, and third-party payment for, pharmaceuticals and medical 

devices and HCT/P products. Among the federal laws with which we must comply are the Controlled Substances 

Act, the FDC Act, the Federal Drug Quality and Security Act, including DSCSA, Section 361 of the Public Health 

Services Act and Section 401 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of the Social Security Act.
 Among other 

things, such laws, and the regulations promulgated thereunder: 

•
regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing and promotion, sampling, pricing and 

reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning or recalling, reporting, and 

distribution of, and record keeping for drugs, HCT/P products and medical devices,
 including 

requirements with respect to unique medical device identifiers; 
•
subject us to inspection by the FDA and DEA and similar state authorities; 
•
regulate the storage, transportation and disposal of certain of our products that are considered 

hazardous materials; 
•
require us to advertise and promote our drugs and devices in accordance with applicable FDA 

requirements; 
•
require us to report average sales price (ASP) for drugs or biologicals payable under Medicare Part B to 

CMS with or without a Medicaid drug rebate agreement; 
•
require registration with the FDA and the DEA and various state agencies; 
•
require record keeping and documentation of transactions involving drug products; 

•
require us to design and operate a system to identify and report suspicious orders of controlled 

substances to the DEA and certain states; 
•
require us to manage returns of products that have been recalled and subject us to inspection of our 

recall procedures and activities; 

•
impose on us reporting requirements if a pharmaceutical, HCT/P product or medical device causes 

serious illness, injury or death; 
•
require manufacturers, wholesalers, re-packagers and dispensers of prescription drugs to identify and 

trace certain prescription drugs as they are distributed; 

•
require the licensing of prescription drug wholesalers and third-party logistics providers; and

•
mandate compliance with standards for the recordkeeping, storage and handling of prescription drugs, 

and associated reporting requirements. 
The FDA has become increasingly active in addressing the regulation of computer software and digital health 

products intended for use in health care settings. The Cures Act, signed into law on December 13, 2016, among 

other things, amended the medical device definition to exclude certain software from FDA regulation, including 

certain clinical decision support software. On September 27, 2019, the FDA issued a suite of guidance documents 

on digital health products, which incorporated applicable Cures Act standards, and on September 28, 2022, the 

FDA subsequently finalized certain of these guidance documents, including regarding the types of clinical decision 

support tools and other software that are exempt from regulation by the FDA as medical devices, and the FDA 

continues to issue new guidance in this area. Certain of our businesses involve the development and
 sale of 

software and related products to support physician and dental practice management, and it is possible that the FDA 

or foreign government authorities could determine that one or more of our products is subject to regulation as a 

medical device, which could subject us or one or more of our businesses to substantial additional requirements, 

costs and potential enforcement actions or liabilities for noncompliance with respect to these products. Some of our 

imaging software is regulated as a medical device which subjects our businesses to substantial additional 

requirements, costs and potential enforcement actions or liabilities for noncompliance with respect to these 

products. 

Table of Contents

33 
Applicable federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations also may require us to meet various standards 

relating to, among other things, licensure or registration, program eligibility, procurement, third-party 
reimbursement, sales and marketing practices, product integrity, and supply tracking to product manufacturers, 
product labeling, personnel, privacy and security of health or other personal information, installation, maintenance 

and repair of equipment and the importation and exportation of products. The FDA and DEA, as well as CMS 

(including with respect to complex Medicare reimbursement requirements applicable to our specialty home medical 

supplies business) and state Medicaid agencies, have recently increased their regulatory and enforcement activities 

and, in particular, the DEA has heightened enforcement activities due to the opioid crisis in the United States. Our 

business is also subject to requirements of similar and other foreign governmental laws and regulations affecting 

our operations abroad. 
The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, 

or the imposition of any additional laws and regulations, could materially adversely affect our business.
 The costs 

to us associated with complying with the various applicable statutes and regulations, as they now exist and as they 

may be modified, could be material. Allegations by a governmental body that we have not complied
 with these 

laws could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. While we believe that we are substantially compliant 

with applicable laws and regulations, and believe we have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to 

ensure substantial compliance, if it is determined that we have not complied with these laws, we are potentially 

subject to warning letters, substantial civil and criminal penalties, mandatory recall of product, seizure of product 

and injunction, consent decrees and suspension or limitation of payments to us, product sale and distribution.
 If we 

enter into settlement agreements to resolve allegations of non-compliance, we could be required to make settlement 

payments or be subject to civil and criminal penalties, including fines and the loss of licenses.
 Non-compliance 

with government requirements could also adversely affect our ability to participate in important federal and state 

government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and damage our reputation. 

The EU Medical Device Regulation (“MDR”) may adversely affect our business. 

The EU MDR, applicable since May 26, 2021, significantly modifies and intensifies the regulatory compliance 

requirements for the medical device industry as a whole. Among other things, the EU MDR: 

•
strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforces surveillance once they are 

available; 
•
establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers’ responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, 

performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 
•
improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient 

through a unique identification number; 
•
sets up a central database to provide patients, healthcare professionals and the public with 

comprehensive information on products available in the EU; 

•
strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to 

undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and 
•
identifies importers and distributors and medical device products through registration in a database 

(EUDAMED not due, for the time being, until the end of 2027 at the earliest, as mentioned above).

In particular, the EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a product meets the regulatory 

requirements, including regarding a product’s clinical evaluation and a company’s quality systems, and for the 
distribution, marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market surveillance. As mentioned above, 

pursuant to Regulation 2023/607 and subject to certain conditions, medical devices that (i) obtained a certificate 

under the EU Medical Device Directive from May 25, 2017, (ii) which was still valid on May 26, 2021, and (iii)

has not been subsequently withdrawn may, for the moment, continue to be placed on the market or put into service 
until December 31, 2027 for higher risk devices or December 31, 2028 for medium and lower risk devices. 

Nevertheless, EU MDR requirements regarding the distribution, marketing and sale including quality systems and 

post-market surveillance have to be observed by manufacturers, importers and distributors as of the application date 

(i.e., May 26, 2021). The modifications created by the EU MDR may have an impact
 on the way we design and 

manufacture products and the way we conduct our business in the EEA. 

Table of Contents

34 
If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to health care fraud or other laws and regulations, we 

could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations, which could materially 

adversely affect our business. 

Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral 

and reimbursement laws and regulations with respect to their operations. Some of these laws, referred to as “false 

claims laws,” prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent claims for reimbursement to 

federal, state, and other health care payers and programs. Other laws, referred to as “anti-kickback laws,” prohibit 

soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce or reward the referral of a patient or 

ordering, purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or 

services that are paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs. Certain additional state and 

federal laws, such as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly known as the “Stark Law,” prohibit 
physicians and other health care professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which the physician (or 

family member) has a financial relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services (for example, 

durable medical equipment and medical supplies), unless an exception applies. Violations of Anti-Kickback 

statutes or the Stark Law may be enforced as violations of the federal False Claims Act. 

The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened enforcement activity over the past few 

years, and significant enforcement activity has been the result of “relators” who serve as whistleblowers by filing 

complaints in the name of the United States (and if applicable, particular states) under applicable false claims laws, 

and who may receive up to 30% of total government recoveries. Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be 

severe, including treble damages and substantial civil penalties under the federal False Claims Act, as well as 

potential loss of licenses and the ability to participate in federal and state health care programs, criminal penalties, 

or imposition of a corporate compliance monitor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Also, 

these measures may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that 

could require us to make changes in our operations or incur substantial defense and settlement expenses.
 Even 

unsuccessful challenges by regulatory authorities or private relators could result in reputational harm and the 

incurring of substantial costs. Most states have adopted similar state false claims laws, and these state
 laws have 

their own penalties which may be in addition to federal False Claims Act penalties, as well as other fraud and abuse 

laws. 

With respect to measures of this type, the United States government (among others) has expressed concerns about 

financial relationships between suppliers on the one hand and physicians, dentists, and other health care providers, 

on the other. As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices
 as necessary to facilitate 

compliance. 

Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance matters and the focus on 

regulators and private litigants among other things on related claims made by companies and funds expose us to 

numerous risks, including reputational, financial, legal and other risks, that could have an adverse impact on us, 

including on our stock price. California has adopted stringent new climate disclosure requirements,
 as has the EU, 

and the SEC appears about to adopt expansive new disclosure requirements on climate change.

In the EU, the Directive No. 2019/1937 of October 23, 2019, 
on the protection of persons who report breaches of 
Union law,
 organizes the legal protection of whistleblowers.
 This Directive covers whistleblowers reporting 

breaches of certain EU laws, in particular as regards public health, the above-mentioned Directive No. 2001/83, 

Regulation No. 726/2004 or, as regards data protection, the GDPR. The Directive protects a wide range of people 

and includes former employees. All private companies with 50 or more employees are required
 to create effective 

internal reporting channels. All EU Member States other than Poland and Estonia have now implemented
 the 

Directive. 

We also are subject to the requirements of the new Directive No. 2022/2464 on corporate sustainability reporting 
(“CSR Directive”) adopted on December 14, 2022 and which has to be implemented by EU members states by July 

6, 2024, at the latest. By amending Directives No. 2004/109, No. 2006/43, No. 2013/34
 and Regulation No. 

537/2014, the CSR Directive strengthens the existing rules on non-financial reporting by setting new requirements 

for large companies to publish sustainability-related information and, in particular, disclose details about their risks 

and impacts on environmental matters. 

Table of Contents

35 
We 
also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations concerning the conduct of our foreign 

operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, German anti-corruption laws 

and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal books and records, which have been 

the focus of increasing enforcement activity globally in recent years. Our businesses are generally subject to 

numerous other laws and regulations that could impact our financial results, including, without limitation, 

securities, antitrust, consumer protection, and marketing laws and regulations. 
In the EU, both active and passive bribery are criminalized. The EU Council Framework Decision 2003/568/JHA 

of 22 July 2003
 on combating corruption in the private sector 

establishes more detailed rules on the liability of 
legal persons and deterrent sanctions. However, the liability of legal persons is regulated at a national level. 

Failure to comply with fraud and abuse laws and regulations, and other laws and regulations, could result in 

significant civil and criminal penalties and costs, including the loss of licenses and the ability to participate in 

federal and state health care programs, and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
 We may 

determine to enter into settlements, make payments, agree to consent decrees or enter into other arrangements to 

resolve such matters. Intentional or unintentional failure to comply with settlement agreements
 or consent decrees 

could materially adversely affect our business. 
While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable fraud and abuse and other laws and 

regulations, and believe we have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial 

compliance, we cannot predict whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our 
services or marketing practices in response to changes in applicable law or interpretation of laws, could have a 

material adverse effect on our business. 
If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage and processing of sensitive 

personal information or standards in electronic health records or transmissions, we could be required to make 

significant changes to our products, or incur substantial fines, penalties, or other liabilities.

Our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management products, and our specialty home medical 

supply businesses, include electronic information technology systems that store and process personal health, 

clinical, financial, and other sensitive information of individuals. These information technology systems may be 

vulnerable to breakdown, wrongful intrusions, data breaches and malicious attack, which could require us to 

expend significant resources to eliminate these problems and address related security concerns, and could involve 

claims against us by private parties and/or governmental agencies. 
We are directly or indirectly subject to numerous and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations 
that protect the privacy and security of personal information, such as HIPAA, CAN-SPAM, TCPA, Section 5 of the 

FTC Act, the CCPA, and the CPRA that became effective on January 1, 2023. Laws and regulations relating to 

privacy and data protection are continually evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations.
 These 

requirements may not be harmonized, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one 

jurisdiction to another or may conflict with other rules or our practices. Our businesses’ failure to comply with 

these laws and regulations could expose us to breach of contract claims, substantial fines, penalties and other 

liabilities and expenses, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation. Also, evolving laws and regulations in 

this area could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, use or disseminate patient information, or could 

require us to incur significant additional costs to re-design our products to reflect these legal requirements, which 

could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
In addition, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted the GDPR effective from May 25, 2018, 

which increased privacy rights for Data Subjects, including individuals who are our customers, suppliers and 

employees. The GDPR extended the scope of responsibilities for data controllers
 and data processors, and 

generally imposes increased requirements and potential penalties on companies, such as us, that are either 

established in the EU and process personal data of Data Subjects (regardless the Data Subject location), or that are 

not established in the EU but that offer goods or services to Data Subjects in the EU or monitor their behavior in the 

EU. Noncompliance can result in penalties of up to the greater of EUR 20 million, or 4% of global company 

revenues (sanction that may be public), and Data Subjects may seek damages. Member states may individually 

impose additional requirements and penalties regarding certain limited matters (for which the GDPR left some 

Table of Contents

36 
room of flexibility), such as employee personal data. With respect to the personal data it protects, the GDPR 

requires, among other things, controller accountability, consents from Data Subjects or another acceptable legal 
basis to process the personal data, notification within 72 hours of a personal data breach where required, data 

integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the storage, use or other processing of the personal 
data. The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating notably
 to information, access, rectification, erasure 

of the personal data and the right to object to the processing. 

On August 20, 2021, China promulgated the PIPL, which took effect on November 1, 2021.
 The PIPL imposes 

specific rules for processing personal information and it also specifies that the law shall also apply to personal 

information activities carried out outside China but for the purpose of providing products or services to PRC 

citizens. Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may subject
 us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate 

any actions that are deemed illegal by regulatory authorities, other penalties, as well as reputational damage or legal 

proceedings against us, which may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
 The PIPL 

carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or 5% of the annual revenue of entities that process personal data. 

In the United States, the CCPA, which increases the privacy protections afforded California residents, became 
effective January 1, 2020. The CCPA generally requires companies, such as us, to institute additional protections 

regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain personal information of California residents.
 Compliance 

with the obligations imposed by the CCPA depends in part on how particular regulators interpret and apply them. 

Regulations were released in August of 2020, but there remains some uncertainty about how the CCPA will be 

interpreted by the courts and enforced by the regulators. If we fail to comply with the CCPA or if regulators assert 

that we have failed to comply with the CCPA, we may be subject to certain fines or other penalties and litigation, 
any of which may negatively impact our reputation, require us to expend significant resources, and harm our 

business. Furthermore, California voters approved the CPRA on November 3,
 2020, which will amend and expand 

the CCPA, including by providing consumers with additional rights with respect to their personal information, and 
creating a new state agency to enforce CCPA and CPRA. The CPRA came into effect on January 1, 2023, applying 

to information collected by businesses on or after January 1, 2022. 
Other states, as well as the federal government, have increasingly considered the adoption of similarly expansive 

personal privacy laws, backed by significant civil penalties for non-compliance. While we believe we have 

substantially compliant programs and controls in place to comply with the GDPR, CCPA, PIPL and CPRA 

requirements, our compliance with data privacy and cybersecurity laws is likely to impose additional costs on us, 

and we cannot predict whether the interpretations of the requirements, or changes in our practices in response to 

new requirements or interpretations of the requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We also sell products and services that health care providers, such as physicians and dentists, use to store and 
manage patient medical or dental records. These customers and we are subject to laws, regulations and
 industry 

standards, such as HIPAA and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which require the protection of 
the privacy and security of those records. Our products or services may be used as part of these customers’ 

comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with applicable data 

privacy and security laws and contractual requirements. Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products 

or services, or the perceived or actual failure by us or our customers who use our products or services to comply 

with applicable legal or contractual data privacy and security requirements, may not only cause us significant 

reputational harm, but may also lead to claims against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies and 

involve substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses and costs for remediation.
 Additionally, under 

the GDPR, health data belong to the category of “sensitive data” and benefit from specific protection.
 Processing 

of such data is generally prohibited, except for specific exceptions. 
Certain of our businesses involve the manufacture and sale of electronic health record (EHR) systems and other 

products linked to government supported incentive programs, where the EHR systems must be certified as having 

certain capabilities designated in evolving standards, such as those adopted by CMS and ONC.
 In order to maintain 

certification of our EHR products, we must satisfy the changing governmental standards.
 If any other EHR systems 

do not meet these standards, yet have been relied upon by health care providers to receive federal incentive 

payments, we may be exposed to risk, such as under federal health care fraud and abuse laws, including the False 

Claims Act. Additionally, effective September 1, 2023, the OIG for HHS issued a final rule implementing civil 

money penalties for information blocking as established by the Cures Act. OIG incorporated regulations published 

Table of Contents

37 
by ONC as the basis for enforcing information blocking penalties. Each information blocking violation carries a $1 

million penalty. While we believe we are substantially in compliance with such certifications
 and with applicable 

fraud and abuse laws and regulations and that we have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to 

ensure substantial compliance, we cannot predict whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or 

resulting changes in our compliance programs and controls, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Moreover, in order to satisfy our customers and comply with evolving legal requirements, our products may need to 

incorporate increasingly complex functionality, such as with respect to reporting and information blocking. 

Although we believe we are positioned to accomplish this, the effort may involve increased costs, and our failure to 

implement product modifications, or otherwise satisfy applicable standards, could have a material adverse effect on 

our business. 
Additionally, as electronic medical devices are increasingly connected to each other and to other technology, the 
ability of these connected systems to safely and effectively exchange and use exchanged information becomes 

increasingly important. As a medical device manufacturer, we must manage risks including those associated with 

an electronic interface that is incorporated into a medical device. 
Tax legislation could materially adversely affect our financial results and tax liabilities. 

We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States federal, state, and local governments, as well as 
foreign jurisdictions. From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed
 that could materially 

adversely affect our tax positions. There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate will not be
 materially 

adversely affected by legislation resulting from these initiatives. In addition, tax laws and regulations are extremely 

complex and subject to varying interpretations. Although we believe that our historical tax positions are sound and 

consistent with applicable laws, regulations and existing precedent, there can be no assurance that our tax positions 

will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. 

We face inherent risk of exposure to product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the 
event that the use of the products we sell results in injury. 
Our business involves a risk of product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the ordinary 
course of business, and from time to time we are named as a defendant in cases as a result of our distribution of 

products. Additionally, we own interests in companies that manufacture certain dental and medical products.
 As a 

result, we could be subject to the potential risk of product liability, intellectual property infringement or other 
claims relating to the manufacture and distribution of products by those entities.
 In addition, as our corporate brand 

business continues to grow, purchasers of such products may increasingly seek recourse directly from us, rather 
than the ultimate product manufacturer, for product-related claims. Another potential risk we face in the 

distribution of our products is liability resulting from counterfeit or tainted products infiltrating the supply chain.
 In 

addition, some of the products that we transport and sell are considered hazardous materials.
 The improper 

handling of such materials or accidents involving the transportation of such materials could subject us to liability or 

at least legal action that could harm our reputation. 

Customs policies or legislative import restrictions could hinder the Company’s ability to import goods necessary 
to our operations on a timely basis and result in government enforcement actions and/or sanctions. 

Government-imposed import policies and legislation regulating the import of goods and prohibiting the use of 

forced labor or human trafficking could result in delays or the inability to import goods in a timely manner that are 

necessary to our operations, and such policies or legislation could also result in financial penalties, other sanctions, 

government enforcement actions and reputational harm. While the Company has policies against and seeks to 

avoid the import of goods that are manufactured in whole or in part by forced labor or through human trafficking, 

as a result of legislative and governmental policy initiatives, we may be subject to increasing potential delays, 

added costs, supply chain disruption and other restrictions. 
GENERAL RISKS 

Our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity may be negatively 

Table of Contents

38 
impacted by the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar wide-spread public health 

concerns and other natural or man-made disasters, such as terrorism, civil unrest, fire, and extreme weather

. 

Our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity may be negatively 

impacted by the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, similar wide-spread public health concerns and 

other natural or man-made disasters, such as terrorism, civil unrest, fire, and extreme weather (“disasters”).
 For 

example, as a global healthcare solutions company, the COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental responses to it 

had, and may again have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows and may 

result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity. The impacts and potential impacts from 

the COVID-19 pandemic included, and could include as a result of other disasters, the following, among other 

impacts: 
•
significant volatility in supply, demand and selling prices for personal protective equipment (PPE), test 
kits and related products; 

•
reduction in peoples’ ability and willingness to be in public; 

•
reduction in peoples’ ability and willingness to seek elective care; 
•
interrupted operations of industries that use or manufacture the products we distribute; 

•
impact of adapted business practices; 

•
significant changes in political conditions; 

•
volatility in the financial market; and 

•
unavailability or impairment of our manufacturing, distribution, or other facilities, or firmwide systems 

such as our information systems. 

The impact from disasters may also exacerbate other risks discussed herein, any of which could have a material 

adverse effect on us. 
Our global operations are subject to inherent risks that could materially adversely affect our business. 

Our global operations are subject to risks that could materially adversely affect our business. The risks that our 

global operations are subject to include, among other things: 

•
difficulties and costs relating to staffing and managing foreign operations; 
•
difficulties and delays inherent in sourcing products, establishing channels of distribution and contract 

manufacturing in foreign markets; 
•
fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies; 
•
uncertainties relating to trade agreements and international trade relationships; 

•
longer payment cycles of foreign customers and difficulty of collecting receivables in foreign 

jurisdictions; 
•
repatriation of cash from our foreign operations to the United States; 
•
regulatory requirements, including, without limitation, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and laws pertaining 
to the accuracy of our internal books and records; 
•
litigation risks, new or unanticipated litigation developments and the status of litigation matters; 

•
unexpected difficulties in importing or exporting our products and import/export tariffs, quotas, 

sanctions or penalties; 
•
limitations on our ability under local laws to protect our intellectual property; 

•
unexpected regulatory, legal, economic and political changes in foreign markets; 
•
changes in tax regulations that influence purchases of capital equipment; 
•
civil disturbances, geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism, war or political or military coups; and 

•
risks associated with climate change, including physical risks such as impacts from extreme weather 

events and other potential physical consequences, regulatory and technological requirements, market 

developments, stakeholder expectations and reputational risk. 

Table of Contents

39 
Our future success is substantially dependent upon our senior management, and our revenues and profitability 

depend on our relationships with capable sales representatives, service technicians, and other personnel who 

interact directly with our customers, as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers of the products that we 

distribute. 
Our future success is substantially dependent upon the efforts and abilities of members of our existing senior 

management, particularly Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In November 2022, Mr. 

Bergman’s employment agreement was extended through December 31, 2025. Although the Company has an 

internal succession plan for its senior leadership team, including Mr. Bergman, the loss of the services of Mr. 
Bergman could have a material adverse effect on our business. We do not currently have “key man” life insurance 

policies on any of our employees. Competition for senior management is intense, burnout and turn-over rates
 are 

increasing workplace concerns, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining key personnel.

Additionally, our future revenues and profitability depend on our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with 
qualified sales representatives, service technicians, and other personnel who interact directly with our customers, as 

well as customers, suppliers, and manufacturers. If we fail to maintain our existing relationships with such persons 

or fail to acquire relationships with such key persons in the future, our business may be materially adversely 

affected. 
Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect the availability and cost of credit to us. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on 

our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, 

business and other factors beyond our control. Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect 

the availability and cost of credit to us.