.

” for a discussion of additional burdens, risks and regulatory developments that may 

affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
Proprietary Rights
We hold trademarks relating to the “Henry Schein
®
” name and logo, as well as certain other trademarks. 

Additionally, certain of our manufacturing businesses hold patents on certain of our products. We intend to protect 

our trademarks and patents to the fullest extent practicable. 

Employees and Human Capital 
At Henry Schein, we understand that our long-term growth is enhanced by creating shared value for our business 

and the communities we serve, while engaging our key stakeholders that make up our Mosaic of Success - Team 

Schein Members (TSMs), customers, suppliers, stockholders, and society. Rooted in our long, rich history of 

sustainability and corporate citizenship, we build relationships to foster trust, strengthen resilience and catalyze 

innovative solutions to make the world healthier, together. 

We 
do this by building environmental, social, and 
economic value for the Company’s sustained growth and continued success as a trusted partner and leader in health 

care. Overseen by the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of
 Directors (“Board”) with the 

Compensation Committee also playing a role in environmental, social, and governance matters related to human 

capital engagement and executive compensation, some key 2024 highlights related to human capital matters 

include: 
•
continuing to evaluate our pay equity for the majority of the U.S. workforce, which reviews compensation 

for equity and fairness; 

•
expanding our Inclusive Culture learning journey by educating TSMs on how to create and sustain a 

meaningful, inclusive and learning oriented culture; and 
•
continuing to drive a culture of wellness and engagement for our TSMs by fostering an environment where 

they can feel a sense of belonging and purpose. 
At Henry Schein, our employees continue to be one of our greatest assets. We employ approximately 25,000 

people, with approximately 49% of our workforce based in the United States and approximately 51% based outside 

of the United States.

We have approximately 13% of our employees that are subject to collective bargaining 
agreements. We believe that our relations with our employees are excellent. 

Our TSMs are the cornerstone of the Company. We provide a connected and caring community that invests in the 

career journey of our TSMs and encourages their contribution to our mission of making the world healthier.
 Our 

TSM experience strategy is centered around our Team Schein Values under the pillars of Community, Caring, and 

Career. We know our business success is built on the engagement and commitment of our team, which is dedicated 

to meeting the needs of their fellow TSMs, our customers, supplier partners, stockholders and society.

We recognize the changes in how and where we work, and that a continued connection to our long-standing values 
is important for our team members as we evolve our culture. Throughout 2024, we rolled out a continuous listening 

program that used various vehicles, including The Pulse Global Culture Survey and TSM roundtables, to garner 

feedback from our TSMs on their employee experience. We believe that a great employee experience also drives a 

great customer experience. We want all of our TSMs to pursue their ambitions, deliver within our values driven 

culture, and enjoy a rewarding career enabled by great people leaders. The Pulse Global Culture Survey was 

redesigned in 2023 to measure scores aligned to our Team Schein Values. Our recent annual Pulse survey indicates 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

23 
that although there are heightened stress levels caused by the 2023 cyber incident and restructuring initiatives, 

TSMs generally remain satisfied with their work experience, feel connected to their colleagues and intend to stay 

with Henry Schein. This year, data suggests continued opportunities to improve how we cascade communications 

to all levels of the organization, continue to reduce burnout and stress and provide more transparency around 

opportunities for career development. Throughout the year, we also administer quarterly employee listening 

surveys as a way to continuously understand and respond to our TSMs’ feelings. This feedback is shared with our 

Executive Management Committee and Board, both of whom are committed to addressing identified opportunities.

As part of this commitment, some highlights from 2024 included: 
•
Community:
 Provide opportunities for TSMs to have fun while contributing to an inclusive team
 that 

respects and supports one another. 
•
Continued focus on creating an inclusive environment where TSMs feel a sense of belonging; notably, 

in 2024 for the third time, our top strength identified in The Pulse Global Culture Survey was our 

Company’s inclusive culture. To deepen our commitment to Inclusion across the Company, Global 

Directors and Vice Presidents and U.S. Managers are responsible for attending educational training 
focused on developing our culture. We continue to expand our learning journey, educating TSMs on 

key topics that help us develop a culture of inclusion and understanding. We continue to publish our 

United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) EEO-1 data for the U.S. 

•
Completed our first year of Henry Schein Games, a global virtual platform that drives community and 

engagement and offers field-day type in-person events at various global locations that brought TSMs 

together through friendly competition by earning points for their team by engaging in cultural-related 

activities and posting photos. 
•
Expanded the number of Connection Days throughout the globe at Henry Schein facilities, which were 

designed to boost team morale by bringing TSMs together to participate in team building activities at 

least once per quarter. 
•
Continued focus on our Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”), a vehicle for all TSMs to share, 

connect, learn and develop both personally and professionally. In 2024, we launched our seventh ERG, 

ADAPT (Abled and Disabled Allies Partnering Together). Each of our ERGs has a sponsor from our 

Executive Management Committee and our Board. Our CEO engages directly in many of our ERG 

programs. 

•
Certified over 200 TSMs through our Culture Ambassador Program, which educates TSMs on our 

culture and certifies TSMs as mentors to new hires during their first 90 days to ensure new TSMs 

understand how we live our values day to day, and how they can engage in the Team Schein Culture. 

•
Caring:
 Build a world we want to live in by supporting each other and
 the communities in which we live 

and work. 
•
Continued to offer a variety of opportunities to volunteer to drive purpose and engage in local 

communities in which TSMs live and work, such as through Carry the Load, the We Care Global 

Challenge, Back to School and Holiday Cheer. 

•
Continued to strengthen our strategic partnerships with industry associations, customers and suppliers 

that support access to quality health care through various key programs and initiatives (e.g., Gives Kids 

A Smile, Cares Package Program, Global Student Outreach Program, and Prepare to Care). 

•
Expanded our global and highly rated Steps for Suicide Prevention campaign, which brings TSMs 

together to walk for a cause and provide education, partnering with the American Foundation for 

Suicide Prevention, Suicide Awareness and Remembrance (for Veterans) and other local organizations. 

•
We also understand the importance of driving a culture of wellness for our own team members through 
our Mental Wellness Committee, which is supported by our CEO, Executive Management Committee 
and Board. In 2024, we rolled out a ‘Banish Burnout’ campaign, partnering with
 an external wellness 

professional to create individualized tips and programming based on the burnout tendencies each TSM 

faces. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

24 
•
Career:
 Provide opportunities for TSMs to develop personally and professionally with an emphasis on 

embodying our values to achieve our collective goals with excellence and integrity.

•
Continued investment in our employees by providing both formal and informal learning opportunities 

focused on growing and enhancing knowledge, skills and abilities through a broad suite of professional 

development training programs for current and future roles. In 2024, we saw an increase in 

participation in our workshops, with TSMs reporting a high utilization of skills learned. 

•
Continued expansion of our Leadership Development programs, with formal mentorship and coaching 

programs. 

•
Continued roll-out of talent planning efforts designed to ensure a strong leadership pipeline across the 

organization by strategically identifying and developing talent through targeted development 
opportunities and intentional succession plans. Information derived from talent planning efforts 

informs curriculum design and content to help focus on the right capabilities and help ensure alignment 

of career development efforts with the future needs of the organization. Our Board is provided with 

periodic updates regarding our talent and succession planning efforts and participates in professional 

development activities with our TSMs. 

•
Announced the creation of the Core Leadership Capabilities (CLCs), a skills-based model for all TSMs 

that highlights the leadership capabilities that all TSMs are expected to demonstrate for career success.

The CLCs are a common language and foundational step to developing and refining the tools, 

processes and programs which support the evolution of a TSM’s career including enhancing skills and 
career development, leading to enhanced career pathing and internal mobility. 

•
Enhanced company-wide recognitions, including our Teddy Philson Team Schein Award, which was 

redesigned in 2023 to provide more visibility and meaningful recognition to TSMs who exemplify our 

Team Schein Values, as well as other programs including service awards which highlight TSMs
 who 

exemplify our Team Schein Values .
 In 2024, we recognized 15 award winners around the world at
 our 

Global Directors and Vice Presidents Management Meeting. 
Available Information 
We make available free of charge through our website, www.henryschein.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, 

quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, statements of beneficial ownership of securities on 

Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments to these reports and statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) and 

Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are 

electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC.
 Our 

principal executive offices are located at 135 Duryea Road, Melville, New York 11747, and our telephone number 
is (631) 843-5500. Unless the context specifically requires otherwise, the terms
 the “Company,” “Henry Schein,” 

“we,” “us” and “our” mean Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

25 
Information about our Executive Officers 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 25, 2025: 

Name 
Age 
Position 
Stanley M. Bergman 

75 
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director 
Andrea Albertini 
54 
Chief Executive Officer, Global Distribution and Technology 

James P. Breslawski

71 
President 
Brad Connett 
66 
Chief Executive Officer, North America Distribution Group 
Michael S. Ettinger 

63 
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
Mark E. Mlotek 

69 
Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer, Director 
Tom Popeck 
55 
Chief Executive Officer, Henry Schein Products 
Walter Siegel 

65 
Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 
Ronald N. South 
63 
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
Stanley M. Bergman
 has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1989 and a director
 since 1982.

Mr. Bergman held the position of President from 1989 to 2005. Mr. Bergman held the position of Executive Vice 

President from 1985 to 1989 and Vice President of Finance and Administration from 1980 to 1985. Mr. Bergman 

is a South African Chartered Accountant and a Certified Public Accountant. 
Andrea Albertini 
has been Chief Executive Officer, Global Distribution Group and Technology Group since 
January 2025. In this role, Mr. Albertini is responsible for our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services 

segment and our Global Technology segment. Mr. Albertini joined us in 2013 and has held several positions within 

the organization including Chief Executive Officer, International Distribution Group, President, International 
Distribution Group, President of our EMEA Dental Distribution Group, and Vice-President of International Dental 

Equipment. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Albertini held leadership positions at Cefla Dental Group and 

Castellini.
James P. Breslawski
 has been our President since 2005 and was our Vice Chairman from 2018 to May 2024 and a 

director from 1992 to May 2024. Mr. Breslawski was the Chief Executive Officer of our Henry Schein Global 

Dental Group from 2005 to 2018. Mr. Breslawski held the position of Executive Vice President and President of 

U.S. Dental from 1990 to 2005, with primary responsibility for the North American Dental Group.
 Between 1980 

and 1990, Mr. Breslawski held various positions with us, including Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of 
Finance and Administration and Corporate Controller. 
Brad Connett
 has been our Chief Executive Officer, North American Distribution Group since 2021.
 Previously 

Mr. Connett was the President of our U.S. Medical Group from 2018 to 2021. Mr. Connett joined us in 1997 and 

has held a number of roles of increasing responsibility at the Company. Throughout his career, he has received 

numerous industry honors, including the John F. Sasen Leadership Award from the Health Industry Distributors 
Association (HIDA), in recognition of his service to the industry, and induction into the Medical Distribution Hall 
of Fame by Repertoire Magazine. 
Michael S. Ettinger
 has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since 2022.
 Prior to his 

current position, Mr. Ettinger served as Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs, Chief of Staff and 
Secretary from 2015 to 2022, Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Secretary from 2013 to 2015, 
Corporate Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary from 2006 to 2013, Vice President, General 
Counsel and Secretary from 2000 to 2006, Vice President and Associate General Counsel from 1998 to 2000 and 

Associate General Counsel from 1994 to 1998. Before joining us, Mr. Ettinger served as a senior associate with 

Bower & Gardner and as a member of the Tax Department at Arthur Andersen. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

26 
Mark E. Mlotek
 has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer since 2012.
 Mr. Mlotek was 

Senior Vice President and subsequently Executive Vice President of the Corporate Business Development Group 
between 2000 and 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Mlotek was Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 1994 to 

1999 and became a director in 1995. Prior to joining us, Mr. Mlotek was a partner in the law firm of Proskauer 

Rose LLP, counsel to us, specializing in mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations and tax law from
 1989 

to 1994. 
Tom Popeck

 has been our Chief Executive Officer, Henry Schein Products Group since January 2025.
 In this role, 

Mr. Popeck is responsible for our Global Specialty Products segment. Since joining us in 2019, Mr. Popeck has 

held several key positions including Chief Executive Officer, Healthcare Specialties Group, and President of our 
Healthcare Specialties Group. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Popeck held various sales leadership and general 

management executive positions at Stryker. 
Walter Siegel
 has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since 2021.
 Previously, Mr.
 Siegel was 

our Senior Vice President and General Counsel from 2013 until 2021. Prior to joining us, Mr. Siegel was employed 

with Standard Microsystems Corporation, a publicly traded global semiconductor company from 2005 to 2012, 

holding positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and 
Secretary. 
Ronald N. South
 has been our Senior Vice President
 and Chief Financial Officer (and principal financial officer 

and principal accounting officer) since 2022. Prior to holding his current position, Mr. South was our Vice 

President Corporate Finance since 2008, and Chief Accounting Officer from 2013 until 2022. Prior to joining us in 

2008 as our Vice President, Corporate Finance, Mr. South held leadership roles at Bristol-Myers Squibb, where he 
served as Vice President, Finance, for the Cardiovascular and Metabolic business lines, as well as Vice President, 
Controller, for its U.S. Pharmaceutical Division, and Vice President, Corporate General Auditor. Prior to Bristol-

Myers Squibb, he served as North American Director of Corporate Audit at PepsiCo, and held several roles of 

increasing responsibility with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, where he advised clients located in the United States, 
Europe, and Latin America. Mr. South is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Other Executive Management 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding other Executive Management as of February 25, 2025: 

Name 
Age 
Position 
R. Steven Boggan 
60 
Co-Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group 
Trinh Clark 
51 
Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer 
James Mullins 
60 
Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain 
Kelly Murphy 
44 
Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
Christopher Pendergast 
62 
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
Christine Sheehy 
57 
Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources 
Bianka Wilson 
57 
Co-Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group 
R. Steven Boggan
 has been our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group since April 2024.

As Co-CEO of our Global Oral Reconstruction Group, which is part of our Specialty Products and Other segment, 

Mr. Boggan leads commercial operations in the Americas, the Middle East, and Africa, as well as global marketing 

and R&D. Mr. Boggan joined Henry Schein, as the President and CEO of BioHorizons, which we acquired
 in 

2014. Mr. Boggan joined BioHorizons in 1995 and was promoted to President and CEO in 2000.
 Prior to 

BioHorizons, Mr. Boggan was employed at Dow Corning Wright and Wright Medical Technology from 1989 until 
1995. 
Trinh Clark 
has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer since 2022. Ms. 

Clark joined us in 2007 and has served as Vice President, Technology Enablement, North American Distribution 
Group. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Ms. Clark held various positions of
 increasing responsibility at eSurg.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

27 
James Mullins
 has been our Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain since 2018.
 Mr. Mullins joined us in 

1988 and has held a number of key positions with increasing responsibility, including Global Chief Customer 
Service Officer. 
Kelly Murphy
 has been our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since 2021.
 Since joining us in 2011, Ms. 

Murphy has held several key positions of increasing responsibility within the legal function, most recently serving 

as Deputy General Counsel. 

Christopher Pendergast
 has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since 2018.
 Prior to 

joining us, Mr. Pendergast was employed by VSP Global from 2008 to 2018, most recently as the Chief 
Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer. Prior to VSP Global, Mr. Pendergast served in roles of 

increasing responsibility at Natural Organics, Inc., from 2006 to 2008, IdeaSphere Inc./Twinlab Corporation from 
2000 to 2006, IBM Corporation from 1987 to 1994 and 1998 to 2000 and Rohm and Haas from 1994 to 1998. 

Christine Sheehy
 has been our Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since November 2024.
 Ms. 

Sheehy joined us in 2019 and has held several key positions with increasing responsibility, including Vice
 President 

of the Human Resources Business Partner function for our North America Distribution Group, Healthcare 

Specialties Group, several Global Oral Reconstruction businesses, and our Corporate Functions.
 Prior to joining 

Henry Schein, Ms. Sheehy held various leadership positions at Standard Chartered Bank and Banco Real. 

Bianka Wilson 
has been our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group since April 2024. As 

Co-CEO of our Global Oral Reconstruction Group, which is part of our Specialty Products and Other segment, Ms. 

Wilson leads the group's business, including strategic partnerships, in Europe and APAC, as well as Global Oral 
Reconstruction Group strategy, finance, and human resources. Ms. Wilson joined Henry Schein in 2018 as Chief 

Financial Officer of the Global Oral Reconstruction Group. Prior to joining Henry Schein, Ms. Wilson was CFO of 

a public Swiss medical communication technology company and before that an Advisory Partner in KPMG's 

consulting practice, following her initial career in public accounting. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

28 
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
Our business operations could be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently 

consider not to be material to our operations, so you should not consider the risks disclosed in this section to 

necessarily represent a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties. The Company believes that the following 

risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, operating results, financial condition and/or 

the trading price of our common stock. The order in which these factors appear does not necessarily reflect
 their 

relative importance or priority. 

COMPANY RISKS 
We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of a significant volume of our products and 
where we manufacture products, we are dependent upon third parties for raw materials and purchased 

components. 
We obtain a significant volume of the products we distribute from third parties, with whom we generally do not 
have long-term contracts. While there is typically more than one source of supply, some key suppliers, in the 

aggregate, supply a significant portion of the products we sell. In 2024, our top 10 Global Distribution and Value-

Added Services suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 25% and 4%, respectively, of 

our aggregate purchases. Additionally, where we are the manufacturer of certain dental specialty products we sell 

in the areas of oral surgery, implants, orthodontics and endodontics, we are dependent upon third parties for raw 
materials and purchased components. Because of our dependence upon such suppliers, our operations
 are subject 

to the suppliers’ ability and willingness to supply products in the quantities that we require, and the risks include 

delays caused by interruption in production based on conditions outside of our control, including a supplier’s failure 

to comply with applicable government requirements (which may result in product recalls and/or cessation of sales) 

or an interruption in the suppliers’ manufacturing capabilities. In the event of any such interruption in supply, we 

would need to timely identify and obtain acceptable replacement sources. There is no guarantee that we would be 

able to obtain such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis, if at all, and an extended interruption in supply, 

particularly of a high-sales volume and/or high-margin product, could result in a significant disruption in our sales 

and operations, as well as damage to our relationships with customers and our reputation.
 In recent periods, we 

have experienced increased costs and shortages of purchased components, which has had a negative impact on our 

profit margins and on our sales for certain product categories, due to our inability to fully satisfy demand.

We may be unsuccessful in achieving our strategic growth objectives. 
Our 2022 – 2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan is defined under “Business, Business Strategy” above.
 We expect to 

continue to execute the BOLD+1 strategic priorities with the next evolution of our strategic plan.
 In particular, we 

are focused on continuing to grow our Henry Schein specialty brands and technology and value-added services 

solutions both organically and inorganically, and to drive greater efficiencies. If we are unable to effectively 

implement our strategic plan, we may not achieve our desired return on our investments through our growth 

strategies. 

Our business could be affected by the recently signed Strategic Partnership Agreement. 
On January 29, 2025, we announced a strategic investment by funds affiliated with KKR & Co. Inc. (“KKR”), a 

leading global investment firm, and a Strategic Partnership Agreement (the “Partnership Agreement”) with 

KKR. In addition to KKR’s current holdings, KKR will make an additional $250 million investment in the 

Company’s common stock. As a result, KKR will become the largest non-index fund stockholder of the Company 

with a 12% position. KKR will also have the ability to purchase additional shares
 via open market purchases up to 

a total equity stake of 14.9% of the outstanding common shares of the Company.
 Under the Partnership 

Agreement, two representatives of KKR (the “Investor Designees”) will join our Board of Directors.
 Each of the 

Investor Designees will also be nominated by our Board of Directors to stand for election at our 2025 annual 

meeting of stockholders for a term expiring at our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders.
 As part of the Partnership 

Agreement, KKR has agreed to customary voting and other provisions. Consummation of the transactions 

contemplated by the Partnership Agreement is subject to customary closing conditions, including the expiration or 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

29 
termination of any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and certain foreign regulatory approvals.
 The 

Partnership Agreement may have unintended consequences, such as uncertainty about our management, operations, 

or future strategic direction, which could result in the loss of future business opportunities or negatively impact our 

ability to attract and retain qualified talent. KKR also invests in many different types of businesses, and has or may 

continue to invest in customers, suppliers, joint venture partners, or other entities that have relationships with the 

Company, or in competitors of such entities, which may create unintended conflicts resulting in a loss of business.

Our future growth (especially for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) is dependent 
upon our ability to develop or acquire and maintain and protect new products and services and utilize new 

technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. 
Our future success depends on our ability to timely develop (or obtain the right to sell) competitive and innovative 

(particularly for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) products and services and utilize 
new technologies, such as artificial intelligence (“AI”) (among other emerging technologies) and to market them 

and/or utilize them quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to anticipate customer needs and emerging trends and 

develop or acquire new products, services and technologies at competitive prices requires significant resources, 

including employees with the requisite skills, experience and expertise, particularly in our Global Technology 

segment, including dental practice management, patient engagement and demand creation software solutions.
 The 

failure to successfully address these challenges could materially disrupt our sales and operations.

We have increased and expect to continue to increase our use of AI technologies in various contexts to improve 
customer and patient experiences and drive efficiencies in certain areas of our business. While these innovations 

can present benefits to the Company, they also create risks and challenges. If investments in such emerging 

technologies are less successful at attracting and retaining customers than similar investments by our competitors, 

or if we are otherwise unsuccessful at realizing the benefits of these technological investments generally, this could 

have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results.
 Additionally, widely 

assessable generative AI that rapidly surpasses our organizational ability to understand associated risks and 

opportunities (including employees’ failure to comply with policies governing AI usage) could endanger our 

intellectual property, lead to misuse of data and cause reputational harm. 
Risks inherent in acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures could offset the anticipated benefits.

One of our business strategies has been to expand in part through acquisitions and joint ventures and we expect to 

continue to make acquisitions and enter into joint ventures in the future. There is risk that one or more may not 

succeed. We cannot be sure, for example, that we will achieve the benefits of revenue growth that we expect from 

these transactions or that we will avoid unforeseen additional costs, taxes, or expenses.
 Our ability to successfully 

implement our acquisition and joint venture strategy depends upon, among other things, the following: 

•
the availability of suitable acquisition or joint venture candidates at acceptable prices; 

•
our ability to consummate such transactions, which could potentially be prohibited due to U.S. or foreign 

antitrust regulations; 
•
the liquidity of our investments and the availability of financing on acceptable terms; 

•
our ability to retain customers or product lines of the acquired businesses or joint ventures; 

•
our ability to retain, recruit and incentivize the management of the companies we acquire; and 

•
our ability to successfully integrate these companies’ operations, systems, services, products and personnel 

with our culture, management policies, legal, regulatory and compliance policies, information technology 

and cybersecurity systems and policies, internal procedures, working capital management, financial, 

operational and internal controls and strategies. 
Furthermore, some of our acquisitions and future acquisitions may give rise to an obligation to make contingent 

payments or to satisfy certain repurchase obligations, which payments could have material adverse impacts on our 

financial results individually or in the aggregate. Additionally, when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may 

encounter difficulty in finding buyers or timely executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms, which 

could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives. Dispositions may also involve continued financial 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

30 
involvement in a divested business, such as through transition service agreements, indemnities or other current or 

contingent financial obligations. 

Certain provisions in our governing documents and other documents to which we are a party may discourage 

third parties from seeking to acquire us that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium 

over the market price of their shares. 
The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may make it more difficult for a third-party to 

acquire us, may discourage acquisition bids and may impact the price that certain investors might be willing to pay 

in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions, among other things require (i) the affirmative vote 

of the holders of at least 60% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote to approve a merger, consolidation, or 

a sale, lease, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets; and (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders 

of at least 66 2/3% of our common stock entitled to vote to (a) remove a director; and (b) to amend or repeal our 

by-laws, with certain limited exceptions. In addition, certain of our employee incentive plans provide
 for 

accelerated vesting of equity awards upon termination without cause within two years following a change in 

control, or grant the plan committee discretion to accelerate awards upon a change of control.
 Further, certain 

agreements between us and our executive officers provide for increased severance payments and certain benefits if 

those executive officers are terminated without cause by us or if they terminate for good reason, in each case within 

two years following a change in control or within ninety days prior to the effective date of the change in control or 

after the first public announcement of the pendency of the change in control. 

Adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives could negatively affect our business. 

The terms on which we purchase or sell products from many suppliers may entitle us to receive a rebate or other 

purchasing incentive based on the attainment of certain growth goals. Suppliers may reduce or eliminate rebates or 

incentives offered under their programs, or increase the growth goals or other conditions we must meet to earn 

rebates or incentives to levels that we cannot achieve. Increased competition either from generic or equivalent 

branded products could result in us failing to earn rebates or incentives that are conditioned upon achievement of 

growth goals. Additionally, factors outside of our control, such as customer preferences, consolidation of suppliers 

or supply issues, can have a material impact on our ability to achieve the growth goals established by our suppliers, 

which may reduce the amount of rebates or incentives we receive. 
Sales of corporate brand products and products that we manufacture entail additional risks, including the risk 

that such sales could materially adversely affect our relationships with suppliers. 
We offer certain corporate brand products that are available exclusively
 from us.
 The sale of such corporate brand 

products and the sale of products that we manufacture subject us to potential product liability risks, mandatory or 

voluntary product recalls, potential supply chain and distribution chain disruptions and potential intellectual 

property infringement risks, among other risks. In addition, an increase in the sales of our corporate brand products 

and our own manufactured products may negatively affect our sales of products owned by our suppliers which, 

consequently, could adversely impact certain of our supplier relationships. Our ability to locate qualified, 

economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient products in a timely and 

effective manner, is critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished. In 

addition, we are exposed to the risk that our competitors or our large customers may introduce their own private 

label, generic, or low-cost products that compete with our products at lower price points.
 Such products could 

capture significant market share or decrease market prices overall, eroding our sales and margins.
 Any failure to 

develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base could have a material adverse effect on our 

business, financial condition or operating results. 

Our business could be affected by activist investors. 
We actively engage in discussions with our stockholders. In other cases, stockholders can engage in certain 

divisive activist tactics, which can take many forms (including potential proxy contests).
 Some stockholder 

activism has resulted in, and could in the future result in, substantial costs, such as professional fees, and the 

diversion of management’s and our Board of Directors’ attention and resources from our businesses and strategic 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

31 
plans. Additionally, it could cause uncertainty about our management, operations or future strategic direction, 

which could result in the loss of future business opportunities or negatively impact our ability to attract and retain 

qualified talent. Activists or other stockholders holding a large portion of our outstanding shares
 could also have 

the ability to exert influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, including the election of directors and the 

approval of certain extraordinary business transactions. These risks could cause volatility in the trading price of our 

common stock based on factors other than the fundamentals of our business.

INDUSTRY RISKS 
Security risks generally associated with our information systems and our technology products and services have 

in the recent past adversely affected our business and results of operations, and could in the future materially 

adversely affect our business and our results of operations if such products, services, or systems (or third-party 

systems we rely on) are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, are subject to cyberattacks or fail for any 

extended period of time. 
We rely on information systems (“IS”) in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store 
customer, product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: 
•
maintain and manage worldwide systems to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of 

inventory items from numerous distribution centers; 
•
receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; 
•
manage the accurate billing and collections for our customers; 
•
process payments to suppliers; 

•
provide products and services that maintain certain of our customers’ electronic medical or dental records 

(including protected health information of their patients); and 
•
maintain and manage global human resources, compensation and payroll systems. 

There could be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results if we do not maintain an 

adequate information and technology infrastructure (
e.g.
, hardware, networks, software, people and processes) to 
effectively protect and support the current and future information requirements of the business. In addition to health 

information in our customers’ electronic medical and dental records, certain of our IS stores other sensitive personal 

and financial information, such as health care and other information related to our employees and individuals we 

service, as well as other sensitive information such as credit card information from our third-party business 

partners, that is confidential, and in many cases subject to privacy laws. 

Our IS are susceptible to, among other things, natural disasters, power losses, telecommunication failures, 

cybersecurity threats and other criminal activity. Information security risks have significantly increased
 in recent 

years in part because of an overall increase in cyber incidents, their increased sophistication and the involvement of 

organized crime, hackers, terrorists and foreign state agents. In particular, the health care industry has been 

targeted by threat actors seeking to undermine companies’ cybersecurity defensive measures.
 We have processes in 

place intended to ensure that our security measures keep pace with new and emerging risks.
 We regularly review, 

monitor and implement multiple layers of security through technology, processes and our people. We utilize 

security technologies designed to protect and maintain the integrity of our IS and data, and our defenses are 

monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Despite these efforts, our facilities and systems 

and those of our third-party service providers have been, and may in the future be, vulnerable to privacy and 

security incidents, cybersecurity attacks and data breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses and other 

malicious code, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, attacks or other acts undermining IS of 

third party business partners including our customers, or other similar events that could impact the security, 

reliability and availability of our systems. In addition, hardware, software or applications developed
 internally or 

procured from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly 

compromise information security. As a practical matter, so long as we depend on IS to operate our business, and 

our business partners do the same, there can be no guaranty that such measures will successfully stop any one 

particular cybersecurity incident given the constantly evolving nature of the threat.
 We have incurred and may in 

the future incur substantial costs as we update our cybersecurity defense systems and our general computer controls 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

32 
to meet evolving challenges, and legislative or regulatory action related to cybersecurity may increase our costs to 

develop or implement new technology products and services. 
A cyberattack that bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity and/or general information technology (“IT”) 

controls (including third-party systems we rely on) causing an IS security breach may lead, and has in the past led, 

to a disruption of our IS business systems (including third-party systems we rely on), interruption of operations 

(including, without limitation, receiving, verifying and processing customer orders, customer service, accounts 

payable, warehouse management and shipping and systems tied to internal controls over financial reporting), the 

loss or alteration of business, financial and other protected information, a negative impact on our financial 

performance, and to an adverse impact on our financial accounting and reporting controls.
 A cyberattack that 

bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity and/or general computer controls or those of third parties with whom 

we engage may also lead to claims against us by affected parties and/or governmental agencies, and involve fines 

and penalties, as well as substantial defense and settlement expenses. Any of these impacts may alone, or 

collectively, have a material impact on our business. A successful cyberattack has, and may again in the future, 

disrupt our business operations, adversely impact our financial accounting and reporting of results of operations, 

divert the attention of management, and adversely impact our results of operations.

In addition, we develop products and provide services to our customers that are technology-based, and a 

cyberattack that bypasses the IS supporting our products or services causing a security breach and/or perceived 

security vulnerabilities in our products or services could also cause significant loss of business and reputational 

harm, and actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us by our customers and/or governmental 

agencies. In addition, certain of our practice management products and services
 purchased by health care 

providers, such as physicians and dentists, are used to store and manage patient medical or dental records, and when 

cloud-based approaches are used, we may be responsible for hosting those records.
 These customers, and in some 

cases, we are subject to laws and regulations which require that they protect the privacy and security of those 

records, and our products may be used as part of these customers’ comprehensive data security programs, including 

in connection with their efforts to comply with applicable privacy and security laws. 

In addition to immaterial and unrelated prior incidents at certain of our subsidiaries, in October 2023 Henry Schein 

experienced a cybersecurity incident that primarily affected the operations of our North American and European 

dental and medical distribution businesses. Henry Schein One, our practice management software, revenue
 cycle 

management and patient relationship management solutions business was not affected, and our manufacturing 

businesses were mostly unaffected. The October 2023 cybersecurity incident disrupted key business
 operations, 

adversely impacted our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023, diverted attention of management, 

and caused the Company to incur significant remediation costs. The incident had residual impact on our financial 

results in 2024, and we continue to review the effects of the incident on the Company’s business. We have spent, 

and plan to expend in the future, additional resources to continue to protect against, or to address problems caused 

by, business interruptions and data security breaches. We also may be perceived as a more vulnerable target of the 

cyber hackers as a result of the October 2023 incident. 
The health care products distribution industry is highly competitive (including, without limitation, competition 

from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating, and we may not be able to compete successfully. 

We compete with numerous companies, including several major manufacturers and distributors. Some of our 

competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do, which could allow them to compete more 

successfully. Most of our products are available from several sources and our customers
 tend to have relationships 

with several distributors. Competitors could obtain exclusive rights to market particular
 products, which we would 

then be unable to market. Manufacturers also could increase their efforts to sell directly to end-users and
 thereby 

eliminate or reduce our role in distribution. Industry consolidation among health care product distributors and 

manufacturers, price competition, product unavailability, whether due to our inability to gain access to products or 
to interruptions in manufacturing supply, or the emergence of new competitors, also could increase competition. 

Consolidation has also increased among manufacturers of health care products, which could have a material 

adverse effect on our margins and product availability. We could be subject to charges and financial losses in the 

event we fail to satisfy minimum purchase commitments contained in some of our contracts.
 Additionally, 

traditional health care supply and distribution relationships are being challenged by online commerce solutions.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

33 
The continued advancement of online commerce by third parties and online price transparency requires us to cost-

effectively adapt to changing technologies, to enhance existing services and to differentiate our business (including 

with additional value-added services) to address changing demands of consumers and our customers.
 The 

emergence of such competition and our inability to anticipate and effectively respond to changes on a timely basis 

could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.

The health care industry is experiencing changes due to political, economic and regulatory influences that could 

materially adversely affect our business.
The health care industry is highly regulated and subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences.

In recent years, the health care industry has been undergoing significant changes driven by various efforts to reduce 

costs, including, among other factors: trends toward managed care; collective purchasing arrangements and 

consolidation among office-based health care practitioners; and changes in reimbursements to customers, including 

increased attention to value-based payment arrangements, as well as enforcement activities (and related monetary 

recoveries) by governmental officials. Both our profitability and that of our customers may be
 materially adversely 

affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and devices, 

and/or medical treatments or services, or changes to the methodology by which reimbursement levels are 

determined. If we are unable to react effectively to these and other changes in the
 health care industry, our business 

could be materially adversely affected. The ACA greatly expanded health insurance coverage
 in the United States 

and has been the target of legal and political challenges since its adoption. Any outcome of these challenges that 

changes the ACA could have a significant impact on the U.S. health care industry and the ability or willingness of 

individuals to engage with it. 

Expansion of GPOs, DSOs, MSOs or provider networks and the multi-tiered costing structure may place us at a 

competitive disadvantage. 
The health care products industry is subject to a multi-tiered costing structure, which can vary by manufacturer 

and/or product. Under this structure, certain institutions can obtain more favorable
 prices for health care products 

than we are able to obtain. The multi-tiered costing structure continues to expand as many large integrated health 

care providers and others with significant purchasing power, such as GPOs, DSOs and MSOs, demand more 

favorable pricing terms. Additionally, the formation of provider networks, GPOs, DSOs and MSOs may shift 

purchasing decisions to entities or persons with whom we do not have a historical relationship and may threaten our 

ability to compete effectively, which could in turn negatively impact our financial results. In addition, such 

organizations may establish direct relationships with manufacturers, thereby either eliminating or reducing the 

services historically provided by distributors. Although we are seeking to obtain similar terms from manufacturers 

to access lower prices demanded by GPO, DSO and MSO contracts or other contracts, and to develop relationships 

with existing and emerging provider networks, GPOs, DSOs and MSOs, we cannot guarantee that such terms will 

be obtained or contracts executed. 

Increases in shipping costs or service issues with our third-party shippers could harm our business. 

Our ability to meet our customers’ expedited delivery expectations is an integral component of our business 

strategy for which our customers rely. Shipping is a significant expense in the operation of our business.
 We ship 

almost all of our orders through third-party delivery services, and typically bear the cost of shipment.
 Accordingly, 

any significant increase in shipping rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition 

or operating results. While we have recently experienced increases in shipping costs,
 we do not expect these 

additional expenses to be material to our results now, however, they could be material in the future. Similarly, 

strikes or other service interruptions by those shippers, including at transportation centers or shipping ports, could 

cause our operating expenses to rise and materially adversely affect our ability to deliver products on a timely basis. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

34 
MACRO-ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL RISKS 
Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions could materially adversely affect our 

results of operations and financial condition. 
Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions that affect the economy and the economic 

outlook of the United States, Europe, Asia and other parts of the world could have a material adverse effect our 

business, financial condition or operating results. These uncertainties, include, among other things, those listed 

under “Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Cautionary Note 

Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 

Additionally, changes in government, government debt and/or budget crises may lead to reductions in government 
spending in certain countries, which could reduce overall health care spending and/or lead to higher income or 

corporate taxes, which could depress spending overall. Recessionary or inflationary conditions and depressed 

levels of consumer and commercial spending may also cause customers to reduce, modify, delay,
 or cancel plans to 

purchase our products and may cause suppliers to reduce their output or change their terms of sale.
 We have 

experienced inflationary pressures, including higher freight costs and interest expense, and pressures resulting from 

the strengthening of the dollar, which have and continue to impact our results of operations. We generally sell 

products to customers with payment terms. If customers’ cash flow or operating and financial performance 

deteriorate, or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain credit, they may not be able to, or may 

delay, payment to us. Likewise, for similar reasons suppliers may restrict credit or impose
 different payment terms. 

REGULATORY AND LITIGATION RISKS 

Failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect our 

business. 
We strive to be compliant with the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below in all material 
respects, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls in place to ensure substantial 

compliance. However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future as certain laws, regulations
 and 

guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could affect our ability to comply, as well as 

future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including in light of political changes.
 Changes with 

respect to the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below may require us to update or revise our 

operations, services, marketing practices, and compliance programs and controls, and may impose additional and 

unforeseen costs on us, pose new or previously immaterial risks to us, or may otherwise have a material adverse 

effect on our business. There can be no assurance that current and future government
 regulations will not adversely 

affect our business, and we cannot predict new regulatory priorities, the form, content or timing of regulatory 

actions, and their impact on the health care industry and on our business and operations. 

Global efforts to contain health care costs continue to exert pressure on product pricing. In the United States, there 

has been increased scrutiny on drug pricing and concurrent efforts to control or reduce drug costs by Congress, the 

President, executive branch agencies and various states. We may be required to report drug pricing data under 

federal laws and regulations. Several U.S. states have adopted laws, that may apply to some of
 our operations, that 

require drug manufacturers, including re-packagers or re-labelers, to provide advance notice of certain price 

increases and to report information relating to price increases, while others have established prescription drug 

affordability boards or multi-payer purchasing pools to reduce the cost of prescription drugs.
 At the federal level, 

for example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, among other things, requires drug manufacturers that raise certain 

of their drug prices faster than the rate of inflation to pay rebates to Medicare, and over time will authorize the 

federal government to negotiate directly with drug manufacturers to lower the prices of certain brand-name drugs 

covered by Medicare. These various evolving efforts create uncertainty and may adversely affect our business. 

Under the Sunshine Act, we are required to collect and report detailed information regarding certain financial 

relationships we have with covered recipients (
e.g.
, physicians, dentists, teaching hospitals, other health care 
practitioners). We may be required to report information under state transparency laws that address circumstances 

not covered by the Sunshine Act. We are also subject to similar foreign transparency laws.
 While we believe we 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

35 
have substantially compliant programs and controls in place satisfying the above laws and requirements, such 

compliance imposes additional costs on us and the requirements are sometimes unclear. 

Our business is subject to additional requirements under various local, state, federal and foreign laws and 

regulations applicable to the sale and distribution of, and third-party payment for, pharmaceuticals and medical 

devices and HCT/P products. Among the federal laws with which we must comply are the Controlled Substances 

Act, the FDC Act, the Federal Drug Quality and Security Act, including DSCSA, and Section 361 of the Public 

Health Services Act. Among other things, such laws and the regulations promulgated
 thereunder:

•
regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing, promotion, sampling, pricing, 

reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning, recalling, reporting, distribution of, and 

recordkeeping for drugs, HCT/P products and medical devices, including unique device identifiers; 

•
subject us to inspection by the FDA, OSHA, and DEA and similar state authorities; 

•
regulate the storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials; 

•
require us to advertise and promote our drugs and devices in accordance with FDA regulations; 

•
require us to report average sales price (ASP) to CMS for drugs or biologicals payable under Medicare Part 

B with or without a Medicaid drug rebate agreement; 
•
require registration with the FDA and the DEA and various state agencies; 
•
require us to design and operate a system to identify and report suspicious orders of controlled substances 

to the DEA and certain states; 
•
require us to manage returns of products that have been recalled and subject us to inspection of our recall 

procedures and activities; 

•
impose on us reporting requirements if a pharmaceutical, HCT/P product or medical device causes an 

adverse event, serious illness, injury or death; 
•
require manufacturers, wholesalers, re-packagers and dispensers of prescription drugs to identify and trace 

certain prescription drugs as they are distributed; 

•
require the licensing of prescription drug wholesalers and third-party logistics providers; and

•
mandate compliance with standards for the recordkeeping, storage, handling and documentation of 

transactions involving prescription drugs and associated reporting requirements. 
The FDA regulates certain computer software and digital health products intended for use in health care settings, 

including, for example, AI and machine learning-enabled medical devices and the cybersecurity of medical devices.

Certain of our businesses involve the development and sale of software and related products to support physician 

and dental practice management, and it is possible that the FDA or foreign government authorities could determine 

that one or more of our products is subject to regulation as a medical device, which could subject our businesses to 

substantial additional requirements, costs, potential enforcement actions or liabilities for noncompliance with 

respect to these products. For example, some of our imaging software is regulated as a medical device which 

subjects our businesses to substantial additional requirements, costs and potential enforcement actions or liabilities 

for noncompliance with respect to these products. 
Applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations also may require us to meet various standards 

relating to, among other things, licensure, registration, program eligibility, procurement, third-party reimbursement, 
sales and marketing practices, product integrity and supply tracking to product manufacturers, product labeling, 

personnel, privacy and security of health or other personal information, installation, maintenance and repair of 

equipment and the importation and exportation of products. The FDA and DEA, as well as CMS (including with 

respect to complex Medicare reimbursement requirements applicable to our specialty home medical supplies 

business) and state Medicaid agencies, have recently increased their regulatory and enforcement activities and, in 

particular, the DEA has heightened enforcement activities due to the opioid crisis in the United States.

The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations, or new interpretations of them, or the imposition of any 

additional laws and regulations, could materially adversely affect our business. The costs to us associated with 

complying with the various applicable statutes and regulations, as they now exist and as they may be modified, 

could be material. Allegations by a governmental body that we have not complied
 with these laws could have a 

material adverse effect on our businesses. While we believe that we are substantially compliant with
 applicable 

laws and regulations, and have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

36 
compliance, if it is determined that we have not complied with these laws, we are potentially subject to warning 

letters, substantial civil and criminal penalties, mandatory recall of product, seizure of product and injunction, 

consent decrees and suspension or limitation of payments to us, product sale and distribution.
 If we enter into 

settlement agreements to resolve allegations of non-compliance, we could be required to make settlement payments 

or be subject to civil and criminal penalties, including fines and the loss of licenses.
 Non-compliance with 

government requirements could also adversely affect our ability to participate in important federal and state 

government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and damage our reputation. 

The EU Medical Device Regulation (“MDR”) may adversely affect our business. 

The EU MDR significantly modified the regulatory compliance requirements for the medical device industry as a 

whole. Among other things, the EU MDR: 

•
strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforces surveillance thereafter; 

•
establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers’ responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, 

performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 
•
improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient through 

a unique identification number; 
•
sets up a central database (EUDAMED) to provide patients, health care professionals and the public with 

comprehensive information on devices, importers, and distributors registered in the EU;

•
strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to 

undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and 
•
contains specific provisions in the event of interruption or discontinuation of supply of a device.

The EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a product meets the regulatory requirements, 

including regarding a product’s clinical evaluation and a company’s quality systems, and for the distribution, 
marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market surveillance. Pursuant to Regulation 2023/607 and 

subject to certain conditions, medical devices that (i) obtained a certificate under the EU Medical Device Directive 

from May 25, 2017, (ii) which was still valid on May 26, 2021, and (iii) has not been subsequently withdrawn may 

continue to be placed on the market or put into service until December 31, 2027 for higher risk devices or 

December 31, 2028 for medium and lower risk devices. The modifications created by the EU MDR may have an 

impact on the way we design and manufacture products and the way we conduct our business in the EEA. 

If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to health care fraud or other laws and regulations, we 

could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations, which could materially 

adversely affect our business. 

Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral 

and reimbursement laws and regulations with respect to their operations. Some of these laws, referred to as “false 

claims laws,” prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent claims for reimbursement to 

federal, state and other health care payers and programs. Other laws, referred to as “anti-kickback laws,” prohibit 

soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce or reward the referral of a patient or 

ordering, purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or 

services that are paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs. Certain additional state and 

federal laws, such as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law (“Stark Law”), prohibit physicians and other health 

care professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which the physician (or family member) has a financial 

relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services (for example, durable medical equipment and 

medical supplies), unless an exception applies. 

The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened enforcement activity over the past few 

years, often as the result of “relators” who serve as whistleblowers by filing complaints in the name of the United 

States (and if applicable, particular states) under applicable false claims laws, and who may receive up to 30% of 

total government recoveries. Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be severe, including treble damages
 and 

substantial civil penalties under the federal False Claims Act, as well as potential loss of licenses and the ability to 

participate in federal and state health care programs, criminal penalties, or imposition of a corporate compliance 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

37 
monitor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Also, these measures may be interpreted or 

applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our 

operations or incur substantial defense and settlement expenses. Even unsuccessful challenges by regulatory 

authorities or relators could result in reputational harm and the incurring of substantial costs.
 Most states have 

adopted similar state false claims acts, and these state laws have their own penalties which may be in addition to 

federal False Claims Act penalties, and other fraud and abuse laws. 

The United States government (among others) has expressed concerns about financial relationships between 

suppliers or manufacturers on the one hand and physicians, dentists and other health care providers, on the 

other. As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices
 as necessary to facilitate compliance.

Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance matters and the focus on 

regulators and private litigants among other things on related claims made by companies and funds expose us to 

numerous risks, including reputational, financial, legal and other risks, that could have an adverse impact on us.

California has adopted stringent new climate disclosure requirements, as has the EU.
 As of April 4, 2024, the SEC 

has temporarily suspended implementation of its climate disclosure rules. 

In the EU, Directive No. 2019/1937 of October 23, 2019, 
on the protection of persons who report breaches of 
Union law,
 organizes the legal protection of whistleblowers.
 This Directive covers whistleblowers reporting 

breaches of EU laws and regulations and protects a wide range of people including former employees.
 All private 

companies with 50 or more employees are required to create effective internal reporting channels.
 All EU Member 

States have now implemented the Directive. 
We also are subject to the requirements of Directive No. 2022/2464 on corporate sustainability reporting (“CSRD”) 
that became effective on January 5, 2023. CSRD requires in-scope companies to report on sustainability-related 

information that is material from a financial risk or opportunity perspective to their business and from an impact 

perspective on the environment or society. The materiality of sustainability matters is subjective and
 may be 

interpreted differently by various stakeholders. CSRD, its transposition into national EU Member State law, and 

associated guidance are evolving and reporting requirements may change, which may further increase the costs of 

complying with CSRD. CSRD has not yet been fully implemented by all EU Member States.

We also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations concerning the conduct of our foreign 
operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, German anti-corruption laws 

and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal books and records.
 Our businesses 

are generally subject to numerous other laws and regulations that could impact our financial results, including, 

without limitation, securities, antitrust, consumer protection and marketing laws and regulations. 

In the EU, both active and passive corruption in the private sector are criminalized.
 The EU Council Framework 

Decision 2003/568/JHA of 22 July 2003
 on combating corruption in the private sector 

establishes more detailed 
rules on the liability of legal persons and deterrent sanctions. However, the liability of legal persons is regulated at 

a national level. 
Failure to comply with fraud and abuse laws and regulations, and other laws and regulations, could result in 

significant civil and criminal penalties and costs, including the loss of licenses and the ability to participate in 

federal and state health care programs, and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
 We may 

determine to enter into settlements, make payments, agree to consent decrees or enter into other arrangements to 

resolve such matters. Intentional or unintentional failure to comply with settlement agreements
 or consent decrees 

could materially adversely affect our business. 
While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable laws and regulations, and believe we have 

adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial compliance, we cannot predict whether 

changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our services or marketing practices in response to 

changes in applicable law or interpretation of laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

38 
If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage and processing of sensitive 

personal information or standards in electronic health records or transmissions, we could be required to make 

significant changes to our products, or incur substantial fines, penalties, or other liabilities.

Our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management products, equipment and our specialty home 

medical supplies businesses, and our self-funded employee benefits programs include information technology (IT) 

systems that store and process personal health, clinical, financial, and other sensitive information of individuals.

These IT systems may be vulnerable to breakdown, wrongful intrusions, data breaches and malicious attack, which 

could require us to expend significant resources to eliminate these problems and address related security concerns, 

and could involve claims against us by private parties and/or governmental agencies. 
We are directly or indirectly subject to numerous and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations 
that protect the privacy and security of personal information (including health data), such as HIPAA, CAN-SPAM, 

TCPA, Section 5 of the FTC Act, the CCPA and various other privacy laws that have or will soon come into
 effect.

Laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection are continually evolving and subject to potentially 

differing interpretations, including those relating to AI. These requirements may not be harmonized, may be 

interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may conflict with other 

rules or our practices. In addition, cybersecurity laws such as the federal Cyber Incident
 Reporting for Critical 

Infrastructure Act of 2022, proposed Federal Acquisition Regulations and amendments to SEC reporting 

requirements may require us to provide notifications about cybersecurity incidents in limited timeframes and before 

investigations are complete. Our businesses’ failure to comply with these laws and regulations
 could expose us to 

breach of contract claims, substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses, costs for remediation and 

harm to our reputation. Evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the
 ability of our customers to 

obtain, use or disseminate patient information, or could require us to incur significant additional costs to re-design 

our products to reflect these legal requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

In addition, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted the GDPR effective from May 25, 2018, 

which increased privacy rights for Data Subjects, including individuals who are our customers, suppliers and 

employees. The GDPR extended the scope of responsibilities for data controllers
 and data processors, and 

generally imposes increased requirements and potential penalties on companies, such as us, that are either 

established in the EU and process personal data of Data Subjects (regardless the Data Subject location), or that are 

not established in the EU but that offer goods or services to Data Subjects in the EU or monitor their behavior in the 

EU. Noncompliance can result in penalties of up to the greater of EUR 20 million, or 4% of global company 

revenues (sanction that may be public), and Data Subjects may seek damages. Member states may individually 

impose additional requirements and penalties regarding certain limited matters (for which the GDPR left some 

room of flexibility), such as employee personal data. With respect to the personal data it protects, the GDPR 

requires, among other things, controller accountability, consents from Data Subjects or another acceptable legal 
basis to process the personal data, notification within 72 hours of a personal data breach where required, data 

integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the storage, use or other processing of the personal 
data. The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating notably
 to information, access, rectification, erasure 

of the personal data and the right to object to the processing. Despite Brexit, the UK also has data protection laws 

equivalent to the GDPR). Switzerland enacted FADP.
 Uncertainty about compliance with these data protection 

laws remains, with the possibilities that data protection authorities located in different EU Member States may 

interpret GDPR differently, or requirements of national laws may vary between the EU Member States, or guidance 
on GDPR and compliance practices may be often updated or otherwise revised. Any of these events will increase 

the complexity and costs of processing personal data in the European Economic Area, UK or Switzerland or 

concerning individuals located in these jurisdictions. 
Effective November 1, 2021, China’s PIPL imposes specific rules for processing personal information and specifies 
that the law shall also apply to personal information activities carried out outside China but for the purpose of 

providing products or services to PRC citizens. Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may
 subject 

us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed illegal by regulatory authorities, other 

penalties, reputational damage, or legal proceedings against us, which may affect our business, financial condition 

or results of operations. The PIPL carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or
 5% of the annual revenue of 

entities that process personal data. Data protection laws in other countries are also quickly
 evolving, with many 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

39 
countries having updated, or are in the process of updating, their laws to bring them more in line with the model 

created by GDPR. 
In the United States, the CCPA, effective January 1, 2020, establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses 
such as ours by, among other things, creating an expanded definition of personal information, establishing new data 
privacy rights for California residents and creating a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework for 

violations of the CCPA, as well as potentially severe statutory damages and private a right of action against 
businesses that suffer a data security breach due to their violation of a duty to implement reasonable security 

procedures and practices. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data 

breach litigation. In addition, California voters adopted the CPRA (effective January 1, 2023)
 which enhances and 

strengthens regulatory requirements and individual protections that currently exist under the CCPA.
 Other states 

have enacted or are considering enacting similar privacy laws, which may subject us to additional requirements and 

restrictions that could have an impact on our business. Comprehensive privacy laws in a number of other states are 

now in effect, and similarly enacted broad laws relating to privacy, data protection, and information security that 
will come into effect later in 2025 and 2026, further complicating our privacy compliance obligations through the 

introduction of increasingly disparate requirements across the various U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate.

Additionally, certain other states have enacted specific health data privacy laws and other states are considering 
similar legislation. Congress is considering legislation that may preempt some or
 all of such U.S. state privacy 

laws, but which may also provide a more expansive private right of action for privacy claims than exists under 

current state laws. 

The evolving complexity of privacy and data security legislation in the United States may complicate our 

compliance efforts and further increase our risk of regulatory enforcement, penalties and litigation.
 While we 

believe we have substantially compliant programs and controls in place to comply with privacy laws domestically 

and internationally, our compliance with data privacy and cybersecurity laws is likely to impose additional costs on 

us, and we cannot predict whether the interpretations of the requirements, or changes in our practices in response to 

new requirements or interpretations of the requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Further, countries are applying their data and consumer protection laws to AI, particularly generative AI, and are 

considering and implementing specific legal frameworks with respect to AI, for example the EU AI Act 2024 

(which as with the GDPR, will have extra-territorial effect). Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with 

such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business. Anticipated further evolution of regulations and 

legislation on this topic may substantially increase the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any 

non-compliance. Compliance with these laws is challenging, constantly evolving
 and time consuming and federal 

regulators, state attorneys general and plaintiff’s attorneys have been and will likely continue to be active in this 

space. We may incur substantial expense in complying with legal obligations to be imposed by new regulations 

and we may be required to make significant changes to our solutions and expanding business operations, all of 

which may adversely affect our operations. 
We also sell products and services that health care providers, such as physicians and dentists, use to store and 
manage patient medical or dental records. These customers and we are subject to laws, regulations and
 industry 

standards, such as HIPAA and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which require the protection of 
the privacy and security of those records. Our products or services may be used as part of these customers’ 

comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with applicable data 

privacy and security laws and contractual requirements. Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products 

or services, or the perceived or actual failure by us or our customers who use our products or services to comply 

with applicable legal or contractual data privacy and security requirements, may not only cause us significant 

reputational harm, but may also lead to claims against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies and 

involve substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses and costs for remediation.
 Additionally, under 

the GDPR, health data belong to the category of “sensitive data” and benefit from specific protection.
 Processing 

of such data is generally prohibited, except for specific exceptions. 
Certain of our businesses involve the manufacture and sale of electronic health record (EHR) systems and other 

products linked to government supported incentive programs, where the EHR systems must be certified as having 

certain capabilities designated in evolving standards, such as those adopted by CMS and ONC.
 In order to maintain 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

40 
certification of our EHR products, we must satisfy the changing governmental standards.
 If any other EHR systems 

do not meet these standards, yet have been relied upon by health care providers to receive federal incentive 

payments, we may be exposed to risk, such as under federal health care fraud and abuse laws, including the False 

Claims Act. Additionally, effective September 1, 2023, the HHS-OIG issued a final rule implementing civil money 

penalties for information blocking as established by the Cures Act. OIG incorporated regulations published by 

ONC as the basis for enforcing information blocking penalties. Each information blocking violation carries a $1 

million penalty. While we believe we are substantially in compliance with such certifications
 and with applicable 

fraud and abuse laws and regulations and that we have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to 

ensure substantial compliance, we cannot predict whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or 

resulting changes in our compliance programs and controls, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Moreover, in order to satisfy our customers and comply with evolving legal requirements, our products may need to 

incorporate increasingly complex functionality, such as reporting and information blocking. Although we believe 

we are positioned to accomplish this, the effort may involve increased costs, and our failure to implement product 

modifications, or otherwise satisfy applicable standards, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Additionally, as electronic medical devices are increasingly connected to each other and to other technology, the 
ability of these connected systems to safely and effectively exchange and use exchanged information becomes 

increasingly important. As a medical device manufacturer, we must manage risks including those associated with 

an electronic interface that is incorporated into a medical device. 
Tax legislation could materially adversely affect our financial results and tax liabilities. 

We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments, as well as 
foreign jurisdictions. From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed
 that could materially 

adversely affect our tax positions. There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate will not be
 materially 

adversely affected by legislation resulting from these initiatives. In addition, tax laws and regulations are extremely 

complex and subject to varying interpretations. Although we believe that our historical tax positions are sound and 

consistent with applicable laws, regulations and existing precedent, there can be no assurance that our tax positions 

will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. 

We face inherent risk of exposure to product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the 
event that the use of the products we sell results in injury. 
Our business involves a risk of product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the ordinary 
course of business, and from time to time we are named as a defendant in cases as a result of our distribution of 

products. Additionally, we own and own interests in companies that manufacture certain dental and medical 

products. As a result, we could be subject to the potential risk of product liability, intellectual property 

infringement or other claims relating to the manufacture and distribution of products by those entities.
 In addition, 

as our corporate brand business continues to grow, purchasers of such products may increasingly seek recourse 
directly from us, rather than the ultimate product manufacturer, for product-related claims. Another potential risk 

we face in the distribution of our products is liability resulting from counterfeit or tainted products infiltrating the 

supply chain. In addition, some of the products that we transport and sell are
 considered hazardous materials.
 The 

improper handling of such materials or accidents involving the transportation of such materials could subject us to 

liability or at least legal action that could harm our reputation. 

Customs policies or legislative import restrictions could hinder the Company’s ability to import goods necessary 
to our operations on a timely basis and result in government enforcement actions and/or sanctions. 

Government-imposed import policies and legislation regulating the import of goods and prohibiting the use of 

forced labor or human trafficking could result in delays or the inability to import goods in a timely manner that are 

necessary to our operations, and such policies or legislation could also result in financial penalties, other sanctions, 

government enforcement actions and reputational harm. Certain of our suppliers have had their ability to service 

certain markets restricted or negatively impacted because of allegations of forced labor in their supply chain.
 While 

the Company has policies against and seeks to avoid the import of goods that are manufactured in whole or in part 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

41 
by forced labor or through human trafficking, as a result of legislative and governmental policy initiatives, we may 

be subject to increasing potential delays, added costs, supply chain disruption and other restrictions. 

GENERAL RISKS 

Our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity may be negatively 

impacted by the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar wide-spread public health 

concerns and other natural or man-made disasters, such as terrorism, civil unrest, fire and extreme weather

. 

Our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity may be negatively 

impacted by the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, similar wide-spread public health concerns and 

other natural or man-made disasters, such as terrorism, civil unrest, fire and extreme weather (“disasters”).
 For 

example, as a global health care solutions company, the COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental responses to it 

had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
 The impacts 

and potential impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic included, and could include as a result of other disasters, 

adverse impacts such as significant volatility in supply, demand and selling prices, interrupted operations of 
industries that use or manufacture the products we distribute for personal protective equipment (PPE), test kits and 

related products, reduction in peoples’ ability and willingness to be in public, impact of adapted business practices, 

volatility in the financial markets, and unavailability or impairment of our manufacturing, distribution, or other 

facilities, or firmwide systems such as our IS. 

Our global operations are subject to inherent risks that could materially adversely affect our business. 

Our global operations are subject to risks that could materially adversely affect our business, including, among 

other things: 

•
difficulties and costs relating to staffing and managing foreign operations; 
•
difficulties and delays inherent in sourcing products, establishing channels of distribution and contract 

manufacturing in foreign markets; 
•
fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies; 
•
uncertainties relating to trade agreements and international trade relationships; 

•
longer payment cycles of foreign customers and difficulty of collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions; 

•
repatriation of cash from our foreign operations to the United States; 
•
regulatory requirements, including, without limitation, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and laws pertaining to 
the accuracy of our internal books and records; 
•
litigation risks; 
•
unexpected difficulties in importing or exporting our products and import/export tariffs, quotas, sanctions 

or penalties; 
•
limitations on our ability under local laws to protect our intellectual property; 

•
unexpected regulatory, legal, economic and political changes in foreign markets; 
•
changes in tax regulations that influence purchases of capital equipment; 
•
civil disturbances, geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism, war or political or military coups; and 

•
risks associated with climate change, including physical risks such as impacts from extreme weather events 

and other potential physical consequences, regulatory and technological requirements, market 

developments, stakeholder expectations and reputational risk. 
Our future success is substantially dependent upon our senior management, and our revenues and profitability 

depend on our relationships with capable personnel, as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers of the 

products that we distribute. 
Our future success is substantially dependent upon the efforts and abilities of members of our existing senior 

management, particularly Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In November 2022, Mr. 

Bergman’s employment agreement was extended through December 31, 2025. Although the Company has an 

internal succession plan for its senior leadership team, including Mr. Bergman, the loss of the services of Mr. 
Bergman could have a material adverse effect on our business. We do not currently have “key man” life insurance 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

42 
policies on any of our employees. Competition for senior management is intense, burnout and turn-over rates
 are 

increasing workplace concerns, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining key personnel.

Additionally, our future revenues and profitability depend on our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with 
qualified personnel, as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers. If we fail to maintain our existing 

relationships with such persons or fail to acquire relationships with such key persons in the future, our business may 

be materially adversely affected. 
Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect the availability and cost of credit to us. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on 

our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, 

business and other factors beyond our control. Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect 

the availability and cost of credit to us.