Hospira's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including
those described below. These risks and uncertainties may cause (1) Hospira's sales and results of operations to fluctuate significantly; (2) Hospira's past performance to not be
indicative of future performance; and (3) Hospira's actual performance to differ materially from Hospira's expectations or projections. The risks described below may not be the only risks
Hospira faces. Additional risks that Hospira does not yet know of or that Hospira currently thinks are immaterial may also impair its business operations. This Form 10-K also
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Hospira's results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain
factors, including the risks described below. See the section captioned "Forward-Looking Statements." 

 Hospira faces significant competition and may not be able to compete effectively. 

        The healthcare industry is highly competitive. Hospira competes with many companies that range from small, highly focused companies to
large diversified healthcare manufacturers that have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. There has been consolidation by Hospira's competitors and customer base,
which has resulted in pricing and sales pressures, causing competition to become more intense. Hospira's present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances
by competitors or by the introduction of competing products by one or more of its competitors. To remain competitive and bolster its competitive position, Hospira believes that it must successfully
execute various strategic plans, including expanding its research and development initiatives and productivity, lowering its operating costs, and improving its business processes. These initiatives
may result in significant expenditures and ultimately may not be successful. Hospira's failure to compete effectively could cause it to lose market share to its competitors and have a material adverse
effect on its sales and profitability. 

14

Table of Contents 

 If Hospira does not successfully introduce new products in a timely manner, its sales and operating results may decline. 

        A key component to Hospira's strategy is effective execution of its research and development activities. Without the timely
introduction of new products and enhancements, Hospira's products may become obsolete over time, causing its sales and operating results to suffer. If Hospira does not continue to develop generic
injectable pharmaceuticals in a timely manner, its competitors may develop products that are more competitive than Hospira's, and Hospira could find it more difficult to renew or expand GPO
pricing agreements or to obtain new agreements. The ability to launch a generic pharmaceutical product at or before generic market formation is important to that product's profitability. Prices for
generic products typically decline, sometimes dramatically, following market formation, as additional companies receive approvals to market that product and competition intensifies. If a company can
be "first to market," such that the branded drug is the only other competition for a period of time, higher levels of sales and profitability can be achieved. With increasing competition in the
generic product market, the timeliness with which Hospira can market new generic products will increase in importance. If Hospira is unable to bring its generic products to market on a timely basis,
and secure "first to market" positions, its sales and profitability could be adversely impacted. 

        Hospira
is also actively working to develop and commercialize biosimilar products. Hospira has entered into several agreements described under "Product Development and Manufacturing"
related to expanding its biosimilars portfolio and capabilities. The success of our biosimilars activities depends on several factors, including among other factors, the adoption of certain laws and
regulations, ability to obtain regulatory approvals, and the success of the arrangements with third parties. These activities will require a substantial investment of the company's resources, which
may not result in commercially successful products. 

        In
2010, the Patient Protection Affordable Care Act was passed and signed into law in the U.S. This legislation includes new authorization to the FDA to approve companies to market
biosimilar products in the U.S. The regulations under this law have not been developed yet. Those regulations may delay or prevent generic drug producers such as Hospira from offering certain
products, such as biosimilar products in key territories, which could harm Hospira's ability to grow its business. Hospira may not be able to generate future sales of such products in certain
jurisdictions and may not realize the anticipated benefits of its investments in the development, manufacture and sale of such products. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals for
product candidates could result in delayed realization of product revenues and in substantial additional costs. 

        Hospira
faces similar risks if it does not introduce new versions or upgrades to its medication management portfolio. Innovations generally require a substantial investment in product
development before Hospira can determine their commercial viability, and Hospira may not have the financial resources necessary to fund these innovations. Even if Hospira succeeds in creating new
product candidates from these innovations, such innovations may still fail to result in commercially successful products. 

        The
success of new product offerings will depend on several factors, including Hospira's ability to properly anticipate customer needs, obtain timely regulatory approvals, and
manufacture quality products in an economic and timely manner. Even if Hospira is able to successfully develop new products or enhancements, they may not produce sales equal to or greater than the
costs of development or may not avoid infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. They may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by competitors of
products embodying new technologies or features. Moreover, innovations may not become successful because of difficulties encountered in achieving positive clinical outcomes, meeting safety, efficacy
or other regulatory requirements of government agencies, or obtaining favorable pricing on such products. 

15

Table of Contents

Finally,
innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among other things, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, and uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. 

 Failure to effectively manage efforts or to realize the benefits under product collaboration agreements may harm Hospira's business and profitability. 

        Hospira collaborates with other companies for the development, regulatory approval, manufacturing and marketing of new products in both
the specialty injectable pharmaceutical and medication management product lines. Hospira has entered into collaboration agreements relating to the long-term development and
commercialization of proprietary and biosimilar products, which Hospira views as an important long-term opportunity for its specialty injectable pharmaceutical product line. Hospira's
ability to benefit from these arrangements will depend on its ability to successfully manage these arrangements and the performance of the other parties to these arrangements. Hospira and the other
parties to these arrangements may not efficiently work together, leading to higher-than-anticipated costs and delays in important activities under the arrangements. The other
parties to these arrangements may not devote the resources that are required for the arrangement to be successful. These arrangements are often governed by complex agreements that may be subject to
differing interpretations by the parties, which may result in disputes. 

        The
development of proprietary and biosimilar products may require substantial investment by Hospira. Hospira may not be able to realize the expected benefits of such investment. These
factors are often beyond the control of Hospira, and could harm Hospira's sales, product development efforts and profitability. 

 Hospira is subject to the cost-containment efforts of wholesalers, distributors, third-party payors and government organizations, which could have a material
adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

        Hospira relies on drug wholesalers to assist in the distribution of its generic injectable pharmaceutical products. While Hospira has
business arrangements in place with its major drug wholesalers, if Hospira is required to pay fees not contemplated by its existing arrangements, Hospira will incur additional costs to distribute its
products, which may harm Hospira's profitability. 

        Hospira's
products and services are sold to hospitals and alternate site providers, such as clinics, home healthcare providers and long-term care facilities which receive
reimbursement for the healthcare services provided to their patients from third-party payors, such as government programs, private insurance plans and managed-care programs. These
third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. Levels of reimbursement, if any,
may be decreased in the future, and future healthcare reform legislation, regulations or changes to reimbursement policies
of third-party payors may otherwise adversely affect the demand for and price levels of Hospira's products, which could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's sales and profitability. 

        In
markets outside the U.S., Hospira's business has experienced downward pressure on product pricing as a result of the concentrated buying power of governments as principal customers
and the use of bid-and-tender sales methods whereby Hospira is required to submit a bid for the sale of its products. Hospira's failure to offer acceptable prices to these
customers could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability in these markets. 

 If Hospira is unable to obtain or maintain its GPO and IDN pricing agreements, sales of its products could decline. 

        Many existing and potential customers for Hospira's products have combined to form GPOs, and IDNs in an effort to lower costs. A
small number of GPOs influence a majority of sales to Hospira's hospital customers in the U.S. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with medical supply 

16

Table of Contents

manufacturers
and distributors, and these negotiated prices are made available to a GPO's or an IDN's affiliated hospitals and other members. Failure to negotiate advantageous pricing and
purchasing arrangements could cause Hospira to lose market share to its competitors and have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability. 

        Hospira
has pricing agreements for certain products with the major GPOs in the U.S., including Amerinet, Inc.; HealthTrust Purchasing Group LP;
MedAssets, Inc.; Novation, LLC; PACT, LLC; and Premier Purchasing Partners, LP. It is important for Hospira to continue to maintain pricing arrangements with
major GPOs. In order to maintain these relationships, Hospira must offer a reliable supply of high-quality, regulatory-compliant products. Hospira also needs to maintain a broad
product line and be price-competitive. Several GPO contracts are up for renewal or extension each year. Moreover, some of the agreements may be terminated on 60 or 90 days' notice, while
others may not be terminated without breach until the end of their contracted term. If Hospira is unable to renew or extend one or more of those contracts, or one or more of the contracts are
terminated, and Hospira cannot replace lost business, Hospira's sales and profitability will decline. There has been consolidation among major GPOs, and further consolidation may occur. The
effect of consolidation is uncertain, and consolidation may impair Hospira's ability to contract with GPOs in the future. 

        The GPOs
also have a variety of business relationships with Hospira's competitors and may decide to enter into pricing agreements for, or otherwise prefer, products other than
Hospira's. While GPOs negotiate incentives for members to purchase specified products from a given manufacturer or
distributor, GPO pricing agreements allow customers to choose between the products covered by the arrangement and another manufacturer's products, whether or not purchased under a negotiated
pricing agreement. As a result, Hospira may face competition for its products even within the context of its GPO pricing agreements. 

 Changes in the buying patterns of Hospira's customers could adversely affect Hospira's operating results. 

        During 2010, sales through the four largest wholesalers that supply products to many end-users accounted for approximately
40% of Hospira's global net sales. Hospira's profitability may be impacted by changes in the buying patterns of these wholesalers, or any other major distributor, or wholesale customer. Their buying
patterns may change as a result of end-use buyer purchasing decisions, end-use customer demand, pricing, or other factors, which could adversely affect Hospira's results of
operations. 

 Hospira and its suppliers and customers are subject to various governmental regulations, and it could be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant
products and processes. In addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to sanctions which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        Hospira's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA, and numerous other national, supranational, federal and state
governmental authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug or medical device, particularly from the FDA and governmental authorities outside the U.S., can be costly and
time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products on a timely basis, if at all. To ensure ongoing customer safety, regulatory agencies such as the FDA may
re-evaluate their current approval processes and may impose additional requirements. In addition, the FDA and others may impose increased or enhanced regulatory inspections for domestic or
foreign plants. 

        The
FDA, along with other regulatory agencies around the world, has been experiencing a backlog of generic drug and medical device applications, which has delayed approvals of new
products. Those delays have become longer, and may continue to increase in the future. These delays can result in higher levels of unapproved inventory and increased costs due to excess and
obsolescence exposures. 

17

Table of Contents

        Hospira's
collaborative partners and suppliers may not be able to remain in compliance with applicable FDA and other material regulatory requirements once it has obtained clearance or
approval for a product. These requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling, advertising and postmarketing reporting, and adverse event
reports and field alerts. In addition, manufacturing flaws, component failures, design defects, off-label uses or inadequate disclosure of product related information could result in an
unsafe condition or the injury or death of a patient. Hospira may be required by regulatory authorities, or determine on its own, to issue a safety alert, recall or temporarily cease production and
sale of certain products to resolve manufacturing and product quality concerns. All of these events could harm Hospira's sales, margins and profitability in the affected periods and may have a
material adverse effect on Hospira's business. 

        For
information related to the 2009 and 2010 FDA warning letters received by Hospira and other voluntary recalls and corrective actions, including those related to Hospira's pumps , see
the section captioned "Quality Assurance" under Item 1 above and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation" in Part II, Item 7. In
response to certain quality issues, Hospira placed a voluntary hold on all shipments to new customers of SymbiqTM. Also during 2010, Hospira temporarily shut down certain of its
production lines to respond to the quality issues cited in the 2010 warning letter. Hospira has also been working with third-party consultants in connection with the 2010 warning letter, who have been
overseeing Hospira's activities to ensure it is developing compliant processes and procedures. These activities have increased the time to get product to market. If the FDA is not satisfied with
Hospira's progress, this could result in longer delays to market or additional production line shut-downs. The FDA could find additional violations in subsequent inspections or through
other means. In some circumstances, adverse events arising from or associated with the design, manufacture or marketing of our products could result in the suspension or delay of regulatory reviews of
our applications for new product approvals or clearances. Any of the foregoing could disrupt our business and harm our reputation, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition. 

        Hospira
is also subject to various federal, state, and foreign laws pertaining to foreign corrupt practices and healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false
claims laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in national,
federal and state healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, and Veterans' Administration health programs and health programs outside the U.S. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and
are subject to evolving interpretations, which could require Hospira to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations,
could disrupt Hospira's business and result in a material adverse effect on Hospira's sales, profitability and financial condition. 

        For
a more detailed listing of the laws and regulations that significantly affect Hospira's business and operations, see the section captioned in Item 1. "Governmental Regulation
and Other Matters." Any adverse regulatory action, or action taken by Hospira to maintain appropriate regulatory compliance, with respect to these laws and regulations could disrupt Hospira's business
and have a material adverse effect on its sales, profitability and financial condition. Furthermore, an adverse regulatory action with respect to any Hospira product, operating procedure or
manufacturing facility could materially harm Hospira's reputation in the marketplace. 

 Proposed changes in FDA regulations or actions related to infusion pumps and medical devices may lead to increased costs and delays, which could negatively impact Hospira's
business. 

        In April 2010, the FDA issued a draft guidance document entitled "Total Product Life Cycle: Infusion Pump-Premarket
Notification [510(k)] Submissions." Through this new draft guidance, the FDA has established additional pre-market requirements for infusion pumps. The proposed
guidance is subject to further revisions by the FDA, but the FDA's expectation is that the guidelines should be 

18

Table of Contents

followed
in the interim. At the same time, the FDA is also enhancing its pre-market requirements for medical devices generally. Although Hospira cannot predict with certainty the future
impact of these initiatives, it appears that the process for obtaining regulatory approvals to market infusion pumps and medical devices will become more costly and time consuming. In addition, the
new requirements could result in longer delays for the approval of new products as well as remediation of existing products in the market. Future delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain,
approvals could result in delayed or no realization of product revenues. 

 Hospira may continue to acquire other businesses and assets, license rights to technologies or products from third parties, form alliances, or dispose of businesses and
assets, and any of these actions may not be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. 

        As part of Hospira's business strategy, Hospira may continue to acquire other businesses and assets, license rights to technologies or
products from third parties, form alliances, or dispose of businesses and assets, and any of these actions may not be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. Hospira
also may pursue strategic alliances to expand its product offerings and geographic presence, as recently evidenced by Hospira's expanding its manufacturing presence in India. Hospira may not identify
or complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits of
any acquisition, license arrangement, strategic alliance, or disposition. Other companies, including those with substantially greater resources, may compete with Hospira for opportunities. If Hospira
is successful in securing certain opportunities, the products and technologies that Hospira acquires may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than
originally anticipated. Hospira may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business. 

        To
finance acquisitions or other investments, Hospira has incurred, and may continue to incur or assume significant debt. This significant indebtedness may require Hospira to dedicate a
substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to servicing its debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures, to pursue other acquisitions or investments,
and for general corporate purposes. In addition, this significant indebtedness may increase Hospira's vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions, including increases in interest rates. In
addition, this may limit Hospira's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or challenges relating to its business and industry. Hospira may incur greater than expected costs in
connection with these transactions if it encounters difficulties or issues not known to it at the time of entering into the transaction. In addition, Hospira may enter markets in which it has no or
limited prior experience. Hospira could experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges. Any of these negative effects could cause a
downgrade of Hospira's credit rating, which would affect Hospira's ability to obtain new financing and negatively impact Hospira's cost of financing and credit. 

 The Company is increasingly dependent on its outsourcing and third-party provider arrangements. 

        Hospira is increasing its dependence on third-party providers for certain services, including certain information technology, research
and development, third party manufacturing, and finance and accounting outsourcing arrangements. The failure of these service providers to meet their obligations or the development of significant
disagreements or other factors may materially disrupt Hospira's ongoing relationship with these providers or the services they provide could negatively affect operations. 

 Challenging economic conditions could adversely affect our operations. 

        The securities and credit markets have experienced volatility in the past, and in some cases, exerted negative pressure on the
availability of liquidity and credit capacity for certain companies. Hospira's ability to access the credit and capital markets, and the related cost of borrowings, will depend on a variety of
factors, including market conditions, the availability of credit and the strength of 

19

Table of Contents

Hospira's
credit rating. In addition, lending institutions, including those associated with Hospira's $700 million revolving credit facility which expires in 2012, may suffer losses due to
their lending and other financial relationships. As a result, lenders may become insolvent, which could affect the actual availability of credit under Hospira's revolving credit facility, or Hospira's
ability to obtain other financing on equally favorable terms. Moreover, insurance companies and other financial institutions may suffer losses, which could affect the cost and availability of
insurance coverage. If one or more of these events occurred, Hospira's liquidity may prove to be insufficient, cost of borrowing may increase and Hospira's financial condition or results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

        In
addition, demand for Hospira's products may decrease due to adverse economic conditions, resulting in the loss of jobs or healthcare coverage, thereby affecting an individual's
ability to pay for elective healthcare. In addition, adverse economic conditions may increase Hospira's customers' cost-containment efforts, and affect Hospira's customers' solvency or
their ability to obtain credit to finance their purchases of Hospira's products, which could reduce Hospira's revenue and cause a decrease in Hospira's profitability. These economic conditions may
also adversely affect certain of our suppliers, which could cause a disruption in our ability to produce our products. 

 Acquisitions have increased Hospira's investment balances, intangible assets and goodwill balances, and a decline in the value of assets may adversely affect Hospira's
financial position or results of operation. 

        As a result of Hospira's acquisitions, intangible assets and goodwill have become significant. The values for these assets can be
affected by factors, such as increased competition, development discontinuation, delay in regulatory approval, product quality, changes in business strategies and the impact of restructurings,
disposition transactions, and business combinations. As a result of these factors or other events, Hospira may have to impair these assets or change estimated useful lives, which may have a material
adverse effect on Hospira's financial position or results of operations. 

        In
addition, Hospira regularly reviews its investments, including equity and cost-based investments, to determine when a significant event or change in circumstance has
occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. Hospira considers numerous factors, including factors affecting the investee, factors affecting the industry of the
investee, and general equity market trends. Hospira also considers the length of time an investment's market value has been below carrying value and the near-term prospects for recovery to
carrying value. Volatility in the global equity markets and other factors could adversely impact the fair value of Hospira's investments and, as a consequence, could result in a charge for an other
than temporary decline in value, which could have an adverse effect on Hospira's financial position and results of operations. 

 The manufacture of Hospira's products is highly exacting and complex, and if Hospira or its suppliers encounter problems manufacturing, storing or distributing products,
Hospira's business could suffer. 

        The manufacture of Hospira's products and products Hospira produces for third parties is highly exacting and complex, due in part to
strict regulatory requirements governing the manufacture of drugs and medical devices. Problems may arise during manufacturing, storage or distribution of Hospira's products and products Hospira
manufactures for third parties for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, manufacturing quality concerns, or problems with raw
materials, electromechanical, software and other components, supplier issues, and natural disaster related events or other environmental factors. If problems arise during the production, storage or
distribution of a batch of product, that batch of product may have to be discarded. Problems could also lead to increased costs, lost sales, damage to customer relations, failure to supply penalties,
time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to
the market, voluntary recalls, corrective actions or product liability related costs may also be 

20

Table of Contents

incurred.
Problems with respect to the manufacture, storage or distribution of its products could materially disrupt Hospira's business and harm its sales and profitability. 

 Hospira can experience higher costs to produce its products as a result of rising oil and gas prices. 

        Hospira uses resins and other petroleum-based materials as raw materials in many of its products. Prices of oil, fuel, and other gases
also significantly affect Hospira's costs for freight and utilities. Oil, fuel, and other gas prices are volatile. If costs increase and Hospira is unable
to fully recover these costs through price increases or offset these increases through other cost reductions, Hospira could experience lower margins and profitability. 

 Hospira depends on third parties to supply raw materials, electromechanical and other components, and third-party finished goods. Hospira may not be able to obtain
sufficient quantities of these materials, which could limit Hospira's ability to manufacture or sell products on a timely basis and could harm its profitability. 

        The manufacture of Hospira's products requires raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredient and electromechanical and other
components that must meet stringent FDA and other regulatory requirements. While efforts are made to diversify our sources of materials and components, some of these raw materials and other components
are currently available from a limited number of suppliers. For example, Hospira relies on certain proprietary components available exclusively from ICU Medical. For a description of that
relationship, see the section captioned "Raw Materials and Components" in Item 1. 

        In
addition, Hospira purchases from single sources certain compounding material, polyvinyl-chloride resin and laminate film components for Hospira's production of certain flexible bags
that it uses with its I.V. and pre-mixed solutions, as well as rubber components that it uses with some of its injectable pharmaceuticals. Hospira also obtains from single sources certain
active pharmaceutical ingredients and finished products. Identifying alternative suppliers and obtaining approval to change or substitute a raw material or component, or the supplier of a finished
product, raw material or component, can be time-consuming and expensive, as testing, validation and regulatory approval are necessary. 

        While
we work closely with our suppliers to ensure the continuity of supply, we cannot guarantee that these efforts will be successful. In the past, Hospira's business has experienced
shortages in some of the raw materials and components of its products. Continuous supply of petroleum-based products is especially risky due to the limited number of capable suppliers, limited
production capacity and the effect of natural disasters. If suppliers are unable to deliver sufficient quantities of these materials on a timely basis or if supply is otherwise disrupted, including by
suppliers exiting the market, the manufacture and sale of Hospira's products may be disrupted, and its sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

 Hospira's cost-reduction and optimization activities have resulted, and may continue to result, in significant charges and cash expenditures. These activities
may disrupt Hospira's business and may not result in the intended cost savings. 

        Hospira's strategy, in part, relies on the establishment of a low-cost operating infrastructure to improve margins and cash
flow to drive sustained growth. In addition to the several initiatives under Project Fuel, Hospira has taken various other actions to dispose of, or close, certain manufacturing, research and
development, and other facilities. These actions have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, significant charges to Hospira's results of operations and cash expenditures.
Cost-reduction and optimization activities are complex, and if Hospira does not successfully manage these activities, its operations and business could be disrupted and Hospira may incur
more costs than 

21

Table of Contents

anticipated.
In connection with these activities, the company's failure to hire or retain personnel with the right expertise and experience in operations that are critical to its business functions
could adversely impact the execution of its business strategy. Future cost reduction and optimization activities, if taken, may result in additional charges and cash expenditures, which may be
material. If Hospira does not realize the expected savings from its cost-reduction and optimization efforts, its profitability may be adversely affected. 

 Hospira's manufacturing capacity could limit its ability to expand its business without significant capital investment. 

        From time to time, Hospira may need to invest substantial capital resources to expand its manufacturing capacity if Hospira introduces
new products, demand increases significantly for its products, or if it is successful in obtaining significant additional customers for its injectable pharmaceuticals contract manufacturing services
business. These efforts may not be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner, and Hospira may not realize the desired benefits of these efforts. To ensure Hospira's manufacturing
capacity aligns with expected future commercial growth and demand, Hospira may be taking steps in India over the next few years to prepare for the expansion of Hospira's global footprint. 

        As
a result of cost-reduction efforts, Hospira has announced the closing of, or has sold, certain of its facilities. While Hospira believes it has available manufacturing
capacity to absorb, or has had the ability to outsource, the production at these closed or sold facilities, there may be less available capacity at Hospira's facilities. If Hospira experiences an
interruption in manufacturing at any of its primary manufacturing facilities, it may not be able to produce sufficient products for its customers. As a result, Hospira's sales, margins and
profitability may be adversely impacted. 

 Hospira relies on the performance of its information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on Hospira's business and performance. 

        Hospira operates in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems
and network infrastructure. These systems are vulnerable to interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction and other such events, which are beyond Hospira's control. Systems interruptions could
reduce Hospira's ability to manufacture its products, and could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's operations and financial performance. The level of Hospira's protection and
disaster-recovery capability varies from site to site, and there can be no guarantee that any such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be totally effective. 

 Hospira conducts operations outside of the U.S. and is subject to additional risks, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, that may cause its sales and
profitability to decline. 

        Sales in markets outside the U.S. comprised approximately 28% of 2010 net sales. Hospira anticipates that sales from outside the U.S.
will continue to represent a significant portion of net sales. The additional risks associated with Hospira's operations outside the United States include: 

(i)

fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates (for a discussion of the ways and extent to which Hospira attempts to mitigate such risk, see
Part II, Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.");

(ii)

multiple
regulatory requirements that are subject to change, which may delay or deter Hospira's international product commercialization efforts;

(iii)

differing
local medical practices, product preferences and product requirements;

(iv)

trade
protection measures and import or export licensing requirements or other controls or restrictions; 

22

Table of Contents

(v)

difficulty
in establishing, staffing and managing operations outside the U.S.;

(vi)

differing
labor regulations or work stoppages or strikes at Hospira's union facilities;

(vii)

complying
with U.S. regulations that apply to international operations, including trade laws, the U.S. FCPA and anti-boycott laws;

(viii)

loss
of business through government tenders that are held annually in many cases;

(ix)

potentially
negative consequences from changes in tax laws, including legislative changes in the U.S. and international taxation of income earned outside
of the U.S.;

(x)

political
and economic instability;

(xi)

disruption
or destruction of operations in a significant geographic area, due to the location of manufacturing facilities, distribution facilities or
customers, caused by natural or man-made disasters or other causes; and

(xii)

diminished
or insufficient protection of intellectual property in some countries outside of the U.S. 

        In
addition, Hospira operates in many countries outside the U.S. through distributors. Its success will depend on the efforts and performance of such distributors, which are beyond
Hospira's control. If certain of those distributor relationships are unsuccessful, the costs to terminate such distributor relationship and/or to re-establish a customer base could
adversely affect Hospira's profitability in certain regions. These risks could have an adverse effect on Hospira's ability to distribute and sell its products in markets outside the U.S. and could
adversely affect Hospira's profitability. 

 Hospira is involved in various lawsuits and proceedings that could negatively affect its business. 

        Hospira is involved in various claims and legal proceedings, as well as product liability claims and proceedings related to Hospira's
business, including in some instances when Hospira operated as part of Abbott. In some instances, these claims and proceedings could preclude the continued sale and marketing of Hospira's products or
otherwise adversely affect operations, profitability or liquidity. These claims and proceedings include those described in Item 3 "Legal Proceedings." These matters could have an adverse effect
on Hospira's business, profitability or financial condition. In addition, there could be an increase in scope of these matters and there could be additional lawsuits, claims, proceedings or
investigations in the future. 

        In
the past, Hospira has been involved in investigations related to improper marketing and pricing practices with respect to certain Medicare and Medicaid reimbursable products. Hospira
could be subject to these investigations or lawsuits again in the future, and these matters could have an adverse impact on Hospira. 

 Hospira may incur product liability losses and insurance coverage could be inadequate or unavailable to cover these losses. 

        Hospira's business is subject to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, development, manufacture and
marketing of drugs and medical devices and products. In the ordinary course of business, Hospira is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits, including those described in Item 3
"Legal Proceedings," alleging that its products have
resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury to patients. Product liability claims and lawsuits, safety alerts, recalls or corrective actions, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could
have a material adverse effect on Hospira's business and reputation and on its ability to attract and retain customers. 

        Hospira
is responsible for all liabilities, including liabilities for claims and lawsuits, related to its business, whether they arose before or after the spin-off, other
than certain liabilities relating to allegations that it engaged in improper marketing and pricing practices in connection with federal, state 

23

Table of Contents

or
private reimbursement for its products. As part of Hospira's risk management policy, Hospira carries third-party product liability insurance coverage, which includes a substantial retention or
deductible which provides that Hospira will not receive insurance proceeds until the losses incurred exceed the amount of that retention or deductible. To the extent that any losses are within these
retentions or deductibles, Hospira will be responsible for the administration and payment of these losses. Product liability claims in excess of applicable insurance could have a material adverse
effect on Hospira's profitability and financial condition. 

 If Hospira is unable to protect its intellectual property rights, its business and prospects could be harmed. 

        Hospira relies on trade secrets, confidentiality agreements, continuing technological innovation and, in some cases, patent, trademark
and service mark protection to preserve its competitive position. A failure to protect Hospira's intellectual property could harm its business and prospects, and its efforts to protect its proprietary
rights may not be adequate. 

        Most
of Hospira's products are not protected by patents or other proprietary rights, and have limited or no market exclusivity. Patent filings by third parties could render Hospira's
intellectual property less valuable. In addition, intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in certain countries outside the U.S., which could make it easier for competitors to
capture market position. Competitors may also harm sales of Hospira's products by designing products that mirror the capabilities of those products or technology without infringing Hospira's
intellectual property rights. If Hospira does not obtain sufficient protection for its intellectual property, Hospira's competitiveness in international markets could be impaired, which could limit
its growth and future sales. 

 If Hospira infringes the intellectual property rights of third parties, Hospira may face legal action, increased costs and delays in marketing new products. 

        Hospira seeks to launch generic pharmaceutical products either where patent protection of equivalent branded products has expired,
where patents have been declared invalid or where products do not infringe the patents of others. To achieve a "first-to-market" position for generic pharmaceutical products,
Hospira may take action, such as litigation, to seek to assert that its products do not infringe patents of existing products or that those patents are invalid or unenforceable. These actions and
litigation could be costly and time consuming, and may not be successful. 

        Hospira
has made abbreviated new drug applications and certifications (known as "Paragraph IV certifications" in the U.S.) that the relevant patents for existing products would
not be infringed by a Hospira product, or were invalid or unenforceable, in the U.S. and equivalent filings in Canada. Claims filed by innovators challenging these Paragraph IV certifications
may delay or prevent the launch of the relevant products and result in additional costs. 

        Hospira
is currently involved in patent-related disputes with companies with branded products over Hospira's attempts to market generic pharmaceutical products. Once Hospira has final
approval of the related generic pharmaceuticals in the U.S., Hospira may decide to commercially market these products while the ultimate disposition of legal proceedings has not concluded. If
Hospira's products are ultimately found to infringe the patent rights of another company, Hospira may be subject to significant damages, which may be based on the lost profits from the sale of the
branded product and/or an injunction preventing Hospira from further sales. 

        Third
parties may claim that Hospira's products are infringing their intellectual property rights. Claims of intellectual property infringement could be costly and
time-consuming and might require Hospira to enter into costly royalty or license agreements, if Hospira is able to obtain royalty or license agreements on acceptable terms. Hospira also
may be subject to significant damages or an injunction preventing it from manufacturing, selling or using some of its products in the event of a successful claim of patent or other intellectual
property infringement. Any of these adverse consequences could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's profitability and financial condition. 

24

Table of Contents

 Changes in the funded status or costs of Hospira's pension or post-retirement benefit plans could adversely affect Hospira's financial position and results of
operations. 

        The funded status of Hospira's pension and post-retirement benefit plans is subject to developments and changes in
actuarial and other related assumptions. Decreases in the valuation of plan assets, particularly with respect to equity securities, and a change in the actual rate of return on plan assets can result
in significant changes to the expected return on plan assets in the following year and, as a consequence, could result in higher funding requirements and net periodic benefit costs. In addition,
changes in assumptions, such as discount rates, mortality rates, retirement rates, healthcare cost trend rates and other factors, may lead to significant increases in the value of the respective
obligations. Assumption changes could affect the reported funded status of Hospira's plans and, as a result, could result in higher funding requirements and net periodic benefit costs. All of these
factors could have an adverse effect on Hospira's financial position and results of operations. 

 Income taxes can have an unpredictable effect on Hospira's results of operations and result in greater-than-anticipated liabilities. 

        Hospira is subject to income taxes in a variety of jurisdictions, and its tax structure is subject to review by both domestic and
foreign taxation authorities. Because Hospira's income tax expense for any period depends heavily on the mix of income derived from the various taxing jurisdictions during that period, which is
inherently uncertain, its income tax expense and reported net income may fluctuate significantly, and may be materially different than forecasted. Moreover, changes in or interpretations of tax laws
and regulations (including laws related to the remittance of foreign earnings), changes in investments in foreign countries with favorable tax rates, and settlements of federal, state and foreign tax
audits, may affect Hospira's profitability and financial condition. 

        Hospira
is the beneficiary of tax exemptions in certain jurisdictions outside the U.S., where a portion of its income is earned. These tax exemptions have a significant impact on
reducing Hospira's overall effective tax rate. If Hospira is unable to maintain these tax exemptions, Hospira's future profitability may be reduced. Changes in laws or governmental policies can affect
the availability of these exemptions. 

        Significant
judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and in evaluating tax positions that are subject to audits and adjustments. Liabilities for unrecognized
tax benefits are established when, despite Hospira's belief that the tax return positions are fully supportable, positions taken by Hospira are likely to be challenged based on the applicable tax
authority's determination of the positions. Although Hospira believes its tax provisions and related liability balances are reasonable,
the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in its financial statements and may materially affect its financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 

 The stock market can be volatile and fluctuations in Hospira's operating results, as well as other factors, could cause its stock price to decline. 

        During the past few years, the stock market has experienced fluctuations, which has significantly impacted the market prices of
securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance. Market fluctuations could adversely affect Hospira's stock price. Moreover, Hospira's sales and operating
results may vary from quarter to quarter due to the risk factors set forth herein. Hospira's stock price could fluctuate significantly in response to its quarterly results and the impact of these risk
factors on Hospira's operating results or financial position.