Hospira's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including
those described below. These risks and uncertainties may cause (1) Hospira's sales and results of operations to fluctuate significantly; (2) Hospira's past performance to not be
indicative of future performance; and (3) Hospira's actual performance to differ materially from Hospira's expectations or projections. The risks described below may not be the only risks
Hospira faces. Additional risks that Hospira does not yet know of or that Hospira currently thinks are immaterial may also impair its business operations. This Form 10-K also
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Hospira's results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain
factors, including the risks described below. See the section captioned "Forward-Looking Statements" in the section preceding Part 1. 

15

Table of Contents

 Hospira faces significant competition and may not be able to compete effectively. 

        The healthcare industry is highly competitive. Hospira competes with many companies that range from small, highly focused companies to
large diversified healthcare manufacturers that have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. There has been consolidation by Hospira's competitors and customer base,
which has resulted in pricing and sales pressures, causing competition to become more intense. Hospira's present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances
by competitors or by the introduction of competing products by one or more of its competitors. To remain competitive and bolster its competitive position, Hospira believes that it must successfully
execute various strategic plans, including expanding its research and development initiatives and productivity, lowering its operating costs, and improving its quality and business processes. These
initiatives may result in significant expenditures and ultimately may not be successful. Hospira's failure to compete effectively could cause it to lose market share to its competitors and have a
material adverse effect on its sales and profitability. 

 If Hospira does not successfully introduce new products in a timely manner, its sales and operating results may decline. 

        A key component to Hospira's strategy is effective execution of its research and development activities. Without the timely
introduction of new products and enhancements, Hospira's products may become obsolete over time, causing its sales and operating results to suffer. If Hospira does not continue to develop generic
injectable pharmaceuticals in a timely manner, its competitors may develop products that are more competitive than Hospira's, and Hospira could find it more difficult to renew or expand GPO
pricing agreements or to obtain new agreements. The ability to launch a generic pharmaceutical product at or before generic market formation is important to that product's profitability. Prices for
generic products typically decline, sometimes dramatically, following market formation, as additional companies receive approvals to market that product and competition intensifies. If a company can
be "first to market," such that the branded drug is the only other competition for a period of time, higher levels of sales and profitability can be achieved. With increasing competition in the
generic product market, the timeliness with which Hospira can market new generic products will increase in importance. If Hospira is unable to bring its generic products to market on a timely basis,
and secure "first to market" positions, its sales and profitability could be adversely impacted. 

        Hospira
is also actively working to develop and commercialize biosimilar products. Hospira has entered into an agreement described under "Item 1. Product Development" related to
expanding its biosimilars portfolio and capabilities. The success of our biosimilars activities depends on several factors, including among other factors, the adoption of certain laws and regulations,
ability to obtain regulatory approvals, and the success of the arrangements with third parties. These activities will require a substantial investment of the company's resources, which may not result
in commercially successful products. 

        In
2010, the Patient Protection Affordable Care Act was passed and signed into law in the U.S. This legislation includes new authorization to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
("FDA") to approve companies to market biosimilar products in the U.S. In early 2012, the FDA recently issued three draft guidance documents regarding biosimiliars, and Hospira is in the process of
analyzing these guidelines. Hospira may not be able to generate future sales of such products in certain jurisdictions and may not realize the anticipated benefits of its investments in the
development, manufacture and sale of such products. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals for product candidates could result in delayed realization of product revenues and in
substantial additional costs. 

        Hospira
faces similar risks if it does not introduce new versions or upgrades to its medication management portfolio. Innovations generally require a substantial investment in product
development before Hospira can determine their commercial viability, and Hospira may not have the financial 

16

Table of Contents

resources
necessary to fund these innovations. Even if Hospira succeeds in creating new product candidates from these innovations, such innovations may still fail to result in commercially successful
products. For further information related to upgrades to Hospira's SymbiqTM pump and other medication management products, see the section captioned "Quality Assurance" in
"Item 1. Business." 

        The
success of new product offerings will depend on several factors, including Hospira's ability to properly anticipate customer needs, obtain timely regulatory approvals, and
manufacture quality products in an economic and timely manner. Even if Hospira is able to successfully develop new products or enhancements, we may not produce sales equal to or greater than the costs
of development or may not avoid infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Such products may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by competitors
of products embodying new technologies or features. Moreover, innovations may not become successful because of difficulties encountered in achieving positive clinical outcomes, meeting safety,
efficacy or other regulatory requirements of government agencies, or obtaining favorable pricing on such products. Finally, innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among
other things, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, and uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. 

 Hospira's issues with its quality systems and processes could have an adverse effect upon Hospira's business, subject Hospira to further regulatory action and costly
litigation, and cause a loss of confidence in Hospira and its products. 

        Hospira's future operating results will depend on its ability to implement and improve its quality management program, and effectively
train and manage its employee base with respect to quality management. During 2010 and 2011, Hospira has encountered several quality and product related issues referenced in an FDA Warning Letter and
subsequent inspections related thereto and certain device remediation activities, including those related to SymbiqTM and Plum
TM. Hospira has also committed to the FDA that
it would engage in a comprehensive product review for each of Hospira's medication management products. For information related to all of these quality and product related matters, see the section
captioned "Quality Assurance" in "Item 1. Business." For information related to the costs to remediate these matters, see the section captioned "Certain Quality and Product Related Matters" in
"Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 

        While
Hospira takes all of these matters seriously, Hospira cannot give any assurances as to the expected date of resolution of all of these matters. While Hospira continues to work to
resolve the remaining matters, there can be no assurance that additional costs or penalties will not be incurred, and that additional regulatory actions with respect to Hospira will not occur.
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that regulatory agencies or customers will be satisfied with Hospira's response and corrective actions. Until all of the matters are corrected, Hospira may be
subject to additional regulatory actions by the FDA, including the withholding of approval of new drug applications, the imposition of a consent decree, product seizure, injunction, and/or civil
monetary penalties. In addition, new product approvals at all of Hospira's manufacturing facilities could be adversely impacted by these quality matters or any other adverse inspection results at
Hospira's other facilities. Further, these quality issues could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and may result in additional Form 483
observations, warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution of products, consent decrees, civil or criminal sanctions, refusal or a
slowdown of governmental agencies to grant approvals and licenses, withdrawal of existing approvals and licenses, or other restrictions on operations. Hospira's inability to address quality or safety
issues in an effective and timely manner may also cause negative publicity, a loss of customer confidence, which may result in the loss of sales for existing and new products. All of these issues
could erode investor confidence, which could cause further fluctuations in Hospira's stock price or changes to Hospira's credit rating, which could increase Hospira's cost of borrowing. 

17

Table of Contents

        Furthermore,
these matters, including the ship hold of Symbiq pumps, could result in the loss of market share for these products, changes to customer buying patterns, loss of customers,
and failure to negotiate advantageous pricing and purchasing arrangements with GPOs. Due to the complexity and
depth of these anticipated remediation activities, and dependent upon the schedules for remediation, and the outcomes from the product assessments, these matters have and may continue to adversely
impact production, including causing further reduced production volumes, inventory accumulation and/or inventory loss due to spoilage, excess, obsolescence or products failing to meet specifications.
These quality matters have and may lead to further remediation actions, including recalls or other corrective actions or further adverse regulatory actions. Additionally, these quality matters have
adversely impacted, and may impact further, Hospira's net sales and ability to market certain products in all segments. These matters have impacted, and may continue to further impact, Hospira's cash
flows. This decrease in cash flows could limit Hospira's flexibility in pursuing its current strategic investments, including Hospira's capacity expansion initiatives in India, modernization efforts
at existing facilities, biosimilar research and development programs, global product portfolio expansion efforts, or any other programs Hospira decides to pursue. Hospira may have to dedicate a
substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to fund quality initiatives, thereby reducing the cash flow for these other initiatives. 

        Hospira
has experienced delays in product approvals at its facilities, and dependent upon the outcomes of these matters and potential further regulatory actions, further delays in, or
denials of product approvals could continue to impact Hospira. These quality matters have resulted in, and may further result in, lower customer service levels and resulting higher customer backorders
and penalties for failure to supply products. 

 Failure to effectively manage efforts or to realize the benefits under product collaboration agreements may harm Hospira's business and profitability. 

        Hospira collaborates with other companies for the development, regulatory approval, manufacturing and marketing of new products in both
the specialty injectable pharmaceutical and medication management product lines. Hospira has entered into agreements relating to the long-term development and commercialization of
proprietary and biosimilar products, which Hospira views as an important long-term opportunity for its specialty injectable pharmaceutical product line. For further information related to
these agreements, see the section captioned "Product Development" in "Item 1. Business." Hospira's ability to benefit from these arrangements will depend on its ability to successfully manage
these arrangements and the performance of the other parties to these arrangements. Hospira and the other parties to these arrangements may not efficiently work together, leading to
higher-than-anticipated costs and delays in important activities under the arrangements. The other parties to these arrangements may not devote the resources that are required
for the arrangement to be successful. These arrangements are often governed by complex agreements that may be subject to differing interpretations by the parties, which may result in disputes. 

        The
development of proprietary and biosimilar products may require substantial investment by Hospira, and involve a higher degree of risk. Hospira may not be able to realize the expected
benefits of such investment. These factors are often beyond the control of Hospira, and could harm Hospira's sales, product development efforts and profitability. 

 Hospira is subject to the cost-containment efforts of wholesalers, distributors, third-party payors and government organizations, which could have a material
adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

        Hospira relies on drug wholesalers to assist in the distribution of its generic injectable pharmaceutical products. While Hospira has
business arrangements in place with its major drug wholesalers, if Hospira is required to pay fees not contemplated by its existing arrangements, Hospira will incur additional costs to distribute its
products, which may harm Hospira's profitability. 

18

Table of Contents 

        Hospira's products and services are sold to hospitals and alternate site providers, such as clinics, home healthcare providers and long-term care
facilities which receive reimbursement for the healthcare services provided to their patients from third-party payors, such as government programs, private insurance plans and managed-care
programs. These third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. Levels of
reimbursement, if any, may be decreased in the future, and future healthcare reform legislation, regulations or changes to reimbursement policies of third party payors may otherwise adversely affect
the demand for and price levels of Hospira's products, which could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's sales and profitability. 

        In
markets outside the U.S., Hospira's business has experienced downward pressure on product pricing as a result of the concentrated buying power of governments as principal customers
and the use of bid-and-tender sales methods whereby Hospira is required to submit a bid for the sale of its products. Hospira's failure to offer acceptable prices to these
customers could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability in these markets. 

 If Hospira is unable to obtain or maintain its GPO and IDN pricing agreements, sales of its products could decline. 

        Many existing and potential customers for Hospira's products have combined to form GPOs, and IDNs in an effort to lower
costs. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with medical supply manufacturers and distributors, and these negotiated prices are made available to a GPO's or an IDN's affiliated
hospitals and other members. A small number of GPOs influence a majority of sales to Hospira's hospital customers in the U.S. Failure to negotiate advantageous pricing and purchasing
arrangements could cause Hospira to lose market share to its competitors and have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability. The quality and related supply issues that have impacted
Hospira's business over the last few years could adversely impact Hospira's ability to negotiate advantageous pricing or purchasing arrangements. 

        Hospira
has pricing agreements for certain products with the major GPOs in the U.S., including Amerinet, Inc.; HealthTrust Purchasing Group LP; MedAssets Supply
Chain Systems, LLC; Novation, LLC; and Premier Purchasing Partners, LP. It is important for Hospira to continue to maintain pricing arrangements with major GPOs. In order
to maintain these relationships, Hospira must offer a reliable supply of high-quality, regulatory-compliant products. Hospira also needs to maintain a broad product line and be
price-competitive. Several GPO contracts are up for renewal or extension each year. Moreover, some of the agreements may be terminated on 60 or 90 days' notice, while others may not be
terminated without breach until the end of their contracted term. If Hospira is unable to renew or extend one or more of those contracts, or one or more of the contracts are terminated, and Hospira
cannot replace lost business, Hospira's sales and profitability will decline. There has been consolidation among major GPOs, and further consolidation may occur. The effect of consolidation is
uncertain, and consolidation may impair Hospira's ability to contract with GPOs in the future. 

        The GPOs
also have a variety of business relationships with Hospira's competitors and may decide to enter into pricing agreements for, or otherwise prefer, products other than
Hospira's. While GPOs negotiate incentives for members to purchase specified products from a given manufacturer or distributor, GPO pricing agreements allow customers to choose between
the products covered by the arrangement and another manufacturer's products, whether or not purchased under a negotiated pricing agreement. As a result, Hospira may face competition for its products
even within the context of its GPO pricing agreements. 

19

Table of Contents

 Changes in the buying patterns of Hospira's customers could adversely affect Hospira's operating results. 

        During 2011, sales through the four largest U.S. wholesalers that supply products to many end-users accounted for
approximately 41% of Hospira's global net sales. Hospira's profitability may be impacted by changes in the buying patterns of these wholesalers, or any other major distributor, or wholesale customer.
Their buying patterns may change as a result of end-use buyer purchasing decisions, end-use customer demand, pricing, or other factors, which could adversely affect Hospira's
results of operations. 

 Hospira and its suppliers and customers are subject to various governmental regulations, and it could be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant
products and processes. In addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to sanctions which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        Hospira's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA, and numerous other national, supranational, federal and state
governmental authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug or medical device, particularly from the FDA and governmental authorities outside the U.S., can be costly and
time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products on a timely basis, if at all. To ensure ongoing customer safety, regulatory agencies such as the FDA may
re-evaluate their current approval processes and may impose additional requirements. In addition, the FDA and others may impose increased or enhanced regulatory inspections for domestic or
foreign plants. 

        The
FDA, along with other regulatory agencies around the world, has been experiencing a backlog of generic drug and medical device applications, which has delayed approvals of new
products. Those delays have become longer, and may continue to increase in the future. These delays can result in higher levels of unapproved inventory and increased costs due to excess and
obsolescence exposures. In addition, Hospira may incur additional costs in connection with new regulations covering user fees for generics, biosimilars or devices. 

        Hospira
and its collaborative partners and suppliers may not be able to remain in compliance with applicable FDA and other material regulatory requirements once it has obtained clearance
or approval for a product. These requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling, off-label marketing, advertising and
postmarketing reporting, and adverse event reports and field alerts. In addition, manufacturing flaws, component failures, design defects, off-label uses or inadequate disclosure of
product related information could result in an unsafe condition or the injury or death of a patient. Hospira and its partners or suppliers may be required by regulatory authorities, or determine on
its own, to issue a safety alert, recall or temporarily cease production and sale of certain products to resolve manufacturing and product quality
concerns. All of these events could harm Hospira's sales, margins and profitability in the affected periods and may have a material adverse effect on Hospira's business. 

        Hospira
is also subject to various federal, state, and foreign laws pertaining to foreign corrupt practices and healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false
claims laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in national,
federal and state healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, and Veterans' Administration health programs and health programs outside the U.S. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and
are subject to evolving interpretations, which could require Hospira to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations,
could disrupt Hospira's business and result in a material adverse effect on Hospira's sales, profitability and financial condition. 

        For
a more detailed listing of the laws and regulations that significantly affect Hospira's business and operations, see the section captioned "Governmental Regulation and Other Matters"
in "Item 1. 

20

Table of Contents

Business."
Any adverse regulatory action, or action taken by Hospira to maintain appropriate regulatory compliance, with respect to these laws and regulations could disrupt Hospira's business and have
a material adverse effect on its sales, profitability and financial condition. Furthermore, an adverse regulatory action with respect to any Hospira product, operating procedure or manufacturing
facility could materially harm Hospira's reputation in the marketplace. 

 Proposed changes in FDA regulations or actions related to infusion pumps and medical devices may lead to increased costs and delays, which could negatively impact Hospira's
business. 

        In April 2010, the FDA issued a draft guidance document entitled "Total Product Life Cycle: Infusion Pump-Premarket
Notification [510(k)] Submissions." Through this draft guidance, the FDA has established additional pre-market requirements for infusion pumps. The proposed
guidance is subject to further revisions by the FDA, but the FDA's expectation is that the guidelines should be followed in the interim. At the same time, the FDA is also enhancing its
pre-market requirements for medical devices generally. Although Hospira cannot predict with certainty the future impact of these initiatives, it appears that the process for obtaining
regulatory approvals to market infusion pumps and medical devices will become more costly and time consuming. In addition, the new requirements could result in longer delays for the approval of new
products as
well as remediation of existing products in the market. Future delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals could result in delayed or no realization of product revenues. 

 Hospira may continue to acquire businesses and assets, license rights to technologies or products from third parties, form alliances, or dispose of businesses and assets,
and any of these actions may not be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. 

        As part of Hospira's business strategy, Hospira may continue to acquire other businesses and assets, license rights to technologies or
products from third parties, form alliances, or dispose of businesses and assets, and any of these actions may not be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. Hospira
also may pursue strategic alliances to expand its product offerings and geographic presence. Moreover, Hospira has entered into agreements with other companies to share in the manufacturing and
development of certain biosimilar candidates. Hospira may not identify or complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the
expected benefits of any acquisition, license arrangement, strategic alliance, or disposition. Other companies, including those with substantially greater resources, may compete with Hospira for
opportunities. If Hospira is successful in securing certain opportunities, the products and technologies that Hospira acquires may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and
investments than originally anticipated. Hospira may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business. 

        To
finance acquisitions or other investments, Hospira has incurred, and may continue to incur or assume significant debt. This significant indebtedness may require Hospira to dedicate a
substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to servicing its debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures, to pursue other acquisitions or investments,
and for general corporate purposes. In addition, this significant indebtedness may increase Hospira's vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions, including increases in interest rates. In
addition, this may limit Hospira's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or challenges relating to its business and industry. Hospira may incur greater than expected costs in
connection with these transactions if it encounters difficulties or issues not known to it at the time of entering into the transaction. In addition, Hospira may enter markets in which it has no or
limited prior experience. Hospira could experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges. Any of these negative effects could cause a
downgrade of Hospira's credit rating, which would affect Hospira's ability to obtain new financing and negatively impact Hospira's cost of financing and credit. 

21

Table of Contents

 The Company is increasingly dependent on its outsourcing and third-party provider arrangements. 

        Hospira is increasing its dependence on third-party providers for certain services, including certain information technology, research
and development, third party manufacturing, and finance and accounting outsourcing arrangements. The failure of these service providers to meet their obligations or the development of significant
disagreements or other factors may materially disrupt Hospira's ongoing relationship with these providers or the services they provide, which could negatively affect operations. 

 Challenging economic or business conditions could adversely affect our operations. 

        The securities and credit markets have experienced volatility in the past, and in some cases, exerted negative pressure on the
availability of liquidity and credit capacity for certain companies. Hospira's ability to access the credit and capital markets, and the related cost of borrowings, will depend on a variety of
factors, including market conditions, the availability of credit and the strength of Hospira's credit rating. If Hospira's credit rating were to be downgraded for any reason, including the reasons
described in this "Item 1A. Risk Factors," Hospira's cost of borrowing could increase, and Hospira's ability to obtain new financing could be negatively impacted. 

        Lending
institutions, including those associated with Hospira's $1.0 billion revolving credit facility which expires in 2016, may suffer losses due to their lending and other
financial relationships. As a result, lenders may become insolvent, which could affect the actual availability of credit under Hospira's revolving credit facility, or Hospira's ability to obtain other
financing on equally favorable terms. Moreover, insurance companies and other financial institutions may suffer losses, which could affect the cost and availability of insurance coverage. If one or
more of these events occurred, Hospira's liquidity may prove to be insufficient, cost of borrowing may increase and Hospira's financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 

        Demand
for Hospira's products may decrease due to adverse economic conditions, resulting in the loss of jobs or healthcare coverage, thereby affecting an individual's ability to pay for
elective healthcare. Adverse economic conditions may also increase Hospira's customers' cost-containment efforts, and affect Hospira's customers' solvency or their ability to obtain credit
to finance their purchases of Hospira's products, which could reduce Hospira's revenue and cause a decrease in Hospira's profitability. These economic conditions may also adversely affect certain of
our suppliers, which could cause a disruption in our ability to produce our products. 

 Acquisitions have increased Hospira's investment balances, intangible assets and goodwill balances, and a decline in the value of assets may adversely affect Hospira's
financial position or results of operation. 

        As a result of Hospira's acquisitions, intangible assets and goodwill have become significant. The values for these assets can be
affected by factors, such as increased competition, development discontinuation, delay in regulatory approval, product quality, changes in business strategies, decline in stock price, and the impact
of restructurings, disposition transactions, and business combinations. As a result of these factors or other events, Hospira has impaired goodwill and certain intangible assets and may further have
to impair these assets or change estimated useful lives, which may have a material adverse effect on Hospira's financial position or results of operations. 

        In
addition, Hospira regularly reviews its investments, including equity and cost-based investments, to determine when a significant event or change in circumstance has
occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. Hospira considers numerous factors, including factors affecting the investee, factors affecting the industry of the
investee, and general equity market trends. Hospira also considers the length of time an investment's market value has been below carrying value and the near-term prospects for recovery to
carrying value. Volatility in the global equity markets and other factors could adversely impact the fair value of Hospira's investments and, as a consequence, 

22

Table of Contents

could
result in a charge for an other than temporary decline in value, which could have an adverse effect on Hospira's financial position and results of operations. 

 The manufacture of Hospira's products is highly exacting and complex, and if Hospira or its suppliers encounter problems manufacturing, storing or distributing products,
Hospira's business could suffer. 

        The manufacture of Hospira's products and products Hospira produces for third parties is highly exacting and complex, due in part to
strict regulatory requirements governing the manufacture of drugs and medical devices. Problems may arise during manufacturing, quality control, storage or distribution of Hospira's products and
products Hospira manufactures for third parties for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, manufacturing quality concerns, or
problems with raw materials, electromechanical,
software and other components, supplier issues, and natural disaster related events or other environmental factors. If problems arise during the production, storage or distribution of a batch of
product, that batch of product may have to be discarded. Problems could also lead to increased costs, lost sales, damage to customer relations, failure to supply penalties, time and expense spent
investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, voluntary
recalls, corrective actions or product liability related costs may also be incurred. Problems with respect to the manufacture, storage or distribution of its products could materially disrupt
Hospira's business and harm its sales and profitability. 

        Certain
of Hospira's products are produced at a single manufacturing facility, and we face risks inherent in manufacturing our products at a single facility or a single site. Any
disruption would likely lead to substantial production delays. If this occurs, we may be unable to satisfy customer orders on a timely basis, if at all. During 2010 and 2011, Hospira temporarily shut
down certain of its production lines or slowed the release of certain products to respond to certain quality issues, as described in the section captioned "Manufacturing" in "Item 1 Business."
Such disruptions have adversely impacted, and continue to adversely impact, Hospira's ability to manufacture and sell its products. If Hospira experiences any further significant interruptions of
manufacturing or further slow down in the release of products at any of its facilities, such an interruption could further materially and adversely affect Hospira's ability to manufacture and sell its
products. 

 Hospira can experience higher costs to produce its products as a result of rising commodity prices. 

        Hospira uses commodities, such as platinum, resins and other petroleum-based materials as raw materials in many of its products. Prices
of oil, fuel, and other gases also significantly affect Hospira's costs for freight and utilities. Platinum, oil, fuel, and other gas prices are volatile. If costs increase and Hospira is unable to
fully recover these costs through price increases or offset these increases through other cost reductions or hedging activities, Hospira could experience lower margins and profitability. 

 Hospira depends on third parties to supply raw materials and other components, and third-party finished goods. Hospira may not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of
these materials, which could limit Hospira's ability to manufacture or sell products on a timely basis and could harm its profitability. 

        The manufacture of Hospira's products requires raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredient and electromechanical and other
components that must meet stringent FDA and other regulatory requirements. While efforts are made to diversify our sources of materials and components, some of these raw materials and other components
are currently available from a limited
number of suppliers. For example, Hospira relies on certain proprietary components available exclusively from ICU Medical and active pharmaceutical ingredients from Orchid Chemical. For a more
detailed description of those relationships, see the section captioned "Raw Materials and Components" in "Item 1. Business." 

23

Table of Contents

        In
addition, Hospira purchases from single sources certain compounding materials, polyvinyl-chloride resin and laminate film components for Hospira's production of certain flexible bags
that it uses with its I.V. and pre-mixed solutions, as well as rubber components that it uses with some of its injectable pharmaceuticals. Hospira also obtains from single sources certain
active pharmaceutical ingredients and finished products. Identifying alternative suppliers and obtaining approval to change or substitute a raw material or component, or the supplier of a finished
product, raw material or component, can be time-consuming and expensive, as testing, validation and regulatory approval are necessary. 

        While
we work closely with our suppliers to ensure the continuity of supply, we cannot guarantee that these efforts will be successful. In the past, Hospira's business has experienced
shortages in some of the raw materials and components of its products. Continuous supply of petroleum-based products is especially risky due to the limited number of capable suppliers, limited
production capacity and the effect of natural disasters. If suppliers are unable to deliver sufficient quantities of these materials on a timely basis or if supply is otherwise disrupted, including by
suppliers exiting the market, the manufacture and sale of Hospira's products may be disrupted, and its sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

 Hospira's continuous improvement activities have resulted, and may continue to result, in significant charges and cash expenditures. These activities may disrupt Hospira's
business and may not result in the intended improvement or cost savings. 

        Hospira's strategy, in part, has been to improve margins and cash flow to drive sustained growth. In addition to
cost-reduction initiatives, Hospira has taken various other actions to dispose of, or close, certain manufacturing, research and development, and other facilities. These actions have
resulted in significant charges to Hospira's results of operations and cash expenditures. 

        Hospira
aims to achieve a culture of continuous improvement that will enhance its efficiency, effectiveness, and competitiveness and substantially improve its cost base. Continuous
improvement
activities could result in additional charges and cash expenditures, including capital expenditures and charges associated with Hospira's expansion in India of specialty injectable manufacturing
capacity. Furthermore, Hospira expects higher capital expenditures related to modernizing and streamlining its existing facilities. If Hospira does not realize the expected savings from its continuous
improvement efforts, its profitability may be adversely affected. 

        Cost-reduction
and continuous improvement activities are complex, and if Hospira does not successfully manage these activities, its operations and business could be disrupted
and Hospira may incur more costs than anticipated. In connection with these activities, the company's failure to hire or retain personnel with the right expertise and experience in operations that are
critical to its business functions could adversely impact the execution of its business strategy. 

 Hospira's manufacturing capacity could limit its ability to expand its business without significant capital investment. 

        From time to time, Hospira may need to invest substantial capital resources to expand its manufacturing capacity if Hospira introduces
new products, demand increases significantly for its products, or if it is successful in obtaining significant additional customers for its injectable pharmaceuticals contract manufacturing services
business. In 2011, to ensure Hospira's manufacturing capacity aligns with expected future commercial growth and demand, Hospira began expansion in India of specialty injectable manufacturing capacity.
Hospira anticipates that the first commercial products will be released from this facility in 2014. Further, Hospira is taking steps over the next few years to prepare for facility modernization and
streamlining at its existing manufacturing facilities. These 

24

Table of Contents

expansion
and modernization efforts may not be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner, if at all, and Hospira may not realize the desired benefits of these efforts. 

        As
a result of cost-reduction efforts over the last few years, Hospira has announced the closing of, or has sold, certain of its facilities. While Hospira believes it has
available manufacturing capacity to absorb, or has had the ability to outsource, the production at these closed or sold facilities, there may be less available capacity at Hospira's facilities. If
Hospira experiences an interruption in manufacturing at any of its primary manufacturing facilities, it may not be able to produce sufficient products for its customers. 

        In
some cases, the manufacturing of Hospira's products is concentrated in one or a few locations. Any significant interruption in Hospira's ability to manufacture products over an
extended duration may result in delays in Hospira's ability to resume production of affected products or to begin production of new products, which may adversely impact our ability to satisfy customer
orders on a timely basis. As a result, Hospira may suffer loss of market share, which may not be recaptured, and its reputation may be harmed, which could adversely affect its results of operations
and financial condition. Hospira experienced interruptions and a slow down in the release of products at certain of its manufacturing facilities for the reasons described in "Item 1. Quality
Assurance." As a result, Hospira's sales, margins and profitability have been adversely impacted, and if further interruptions occur, Hospira may have further adverse impacts to its sales, margin and
profitability. 

 Hospira relies on the performance of its information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on Hospira's business and performance. 

        Hospira operates in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems
and network infrastructure to manage our finances, and to manufacture, enable compliance and to market and sell our products. These systems are vulnerable to interruption or failure due to the age of
certain of our systems, viruses, malware, security breaches, fire, power loss, system malfunction and other events, which may be beyond Hospira's control. Systems interruptions or failures could
reduce Hospira's ability to manufacture its products or continue its business, all of which could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's operations and financial performance. In addition, a
cyber-attack that bypasses our information technology security systems causing a security breach may lead to a material disruption of our information technology business systems and/or the loss of
business information resulting in an adverse business impact. The age of Hospira's information technology systems, as well as the level of Hospira's protection and business continuity or disaster
recovery capability, varies from site to site, and there can be no guarantee that any such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be totally effective. Hospira's capital investment levels in its
information technology systems will increase over the next few years as Hospira expects to replace certain old, fully depreciated systems. 

 Hospira conducts operations outside of the U.S. and is subject to additional risks, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, that may cause its sales and
profitability to decline. 

        Sales in markets outside the U.S. comprised approximately 30% of 2011 net sales. Hospira anticipates that sales from outside the U.S.
will continue to represent a significant portion of net sales. The additional risks associated with Hospira's operations outside the U.S. include: 

(i)

fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates (for a discussion of the ways and extent to which Hospira attempts to mitigate such risk, see
"Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.");

(ii)

multiple
regulatory requirements that are subject to change, which may delay or deter Hospira's international product commercialization efforts; 

25

Table of Contents

(iii)

differing
local medical practices, product preferences and product requirements, or changing government reimbursement practices;

(iv)

trade
protection measures and import or export licensing requirements or other controls or restrictions;

(v)

difficulty
in establishing, staffing and managing operations outside the U.S.;

(vi)

differing
labor regulations or work stoppages or strikes at Hospira's union facilities;

(vii)

complying
with U.S. regulations that apply to international operations, including trade laws, the U.S. FCPA, and anti-boycott laws, and the
U.K. Bribery Act of 2010;

(viii)

loss
of business through government tenders that are held annually in many cases;

(ix)

potentially
negative consequences from changes in tax laws, including legislative changes concerning taxation of income earned outside of the U.S.;

(x)

political
and economic instability, including the European financial crisis or other economic instability in other parts of the world and the impact on
Hospira's receivables;

(xi)

disruption
or destruction of operations in a significant geographic area, due to the location of manufacturing facilities, distribution facilities or
customers, caused by natural or man-made disasters or other causes; and

(xii)

diminished
or insufficient protection of intellectual property in some countries outside of the U.S. 

        In
addition, Hospira operates in many countries outside the U.S. through distributors. Its success will depend on the efforts and performance of such distributors, which are beyond
Hospira's control. While Hospira has programs in place to ensure compliance with the laws and regulations impacting Hospira and its distributors, if it were determined that a distributor was not in
compliance with certain laws and regulations, Hospira could be subject to civil and/or criminal liability and other material adverse effects. Moreover, if certain of those distributor relationships
are unsuccessful, the costs to terminate such distributor relationship and/or to re-establish a customer base could adversely affect Hospira's profitability in certain regions. These risks
could have an adverse effect on Hospira's ability to distribute and sell its products in markets outside the U.S. and could adversely affect Hospira's profitability. 

 Hospira is involved in various lawsuits and proceedings that could negatively affect its business. 

        Hospira is involved in various claims and legal proceedings, as well as product liability claims and proceedings related to Hospira's
business, including in some instances when Hospira operated as part of Abbott. In some instances, these claims and proceedings could preclude the continued sale and marketing of Hospira's products or
otherwise adversely affect operations,
profitability or liquidity. In addition, Hospira has been named as a defendant in class action lawsuits and shareholder derivative lawsuits. See "Item 3. Legal Proceedings" for more information
regarding these lawsuits. These matters could have an adverse effect on Hospira's business, profitability or financial condition. In addition, there could be an increase in scope of these matters and
there could be additional lawsuits, claims, proceedings or investigations in the future. In light of these uncertainties, we cannot assure that the outcome of these matters will not result in charges
in excess of any established accruals. 

        In
the past, Hospira has been involved in investigations related to improper marketing and pricing practices with respect to certain Medicare and Medicaid reimbursable products. Hospira
could be subject to these investigations or lawsuits again in the future, and these matters could have an adverse impact on Hospira. 

26

Table of Contents

 Hospira may incur product liability losses and insurance coverage could be inadequate or unavailable to cover these losses. 

        Hospira's business is subject to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, development, manufacture and
marketing of drugs, medical devices and other products. In the ordinary course of business, Hospira is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that its products have resulted or
could result in an unsafe condition or injury to patients. Product liability claims and lawsuits, safety alerts, recalls or corrective actions, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a
material adverse effect on Hospira's business and reputation and on its ability to attract and retain customers. 

        Hospira
is responsible for all liabilities, including liabilities for claims and lawsuits, related to its business, whether they arose before or after the spin-off, other
than certain liabilities relating to allegations that it engaged in improper marketing and pricing practices in connection with federal, state or private reimbursement for its products. As part of
Hospira's risk management policy, Hospira carries third-party product liability insurance coverage, which includes a substantial retention or deductible which provides that Hospira will not receive
insurance proceeds until the losses incurred exceed the amount of that retention or deductible. To the extent that any losses are within these retentions or deductibles, Hospira will be responsible
for the administration and payment of these losses. Product liability claims in excess of applicable insurance could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's profitability and financial condition. 

 If Hospira is unable to protect its intellectual property rights, its business and prospects could be harmed. 

        Hospira relies on trade secrets, confidentiality agreements, continuing technological innovation and, in some cases, patent, trademark
and service mark protection to preserve its competitive position. A failure to protect Hospira's intellectual property could harm its business and prospects, and its efforts to protect its proprietary
rights may not be adequate. Principal products and their related trademarks are discussed in the section captioned "Products" in "Item 1. Business," and the patents related to
PrecedexTM, which represents approximately 6% of Hospira's net sales and is licensed to Hospira in the Americas and APAC segments, and in the Middle East and Africa, are discussed in the
section captioned "Patents, Trademarks, and other Intellectual Property" in "Item 1.Business" and "Item 3. Legal Proceedings." In the America's, Precedex represents approximately 10% of
specialty injectable pharmaceutical product line net sales. 

        Most
of Hospira's products are not protected by patents or other proprietary rights, and have limited or no market exclusivity. Patent filings by third parties could render Hospira's
intellectual property less valuable. In addition, intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in certain countries outside the U.S., which could make it easier for competitors to
capture market position. Competitors may also harm sales of Hospira's products by designing products that mirror the capabilities of those products or technology without infringing Hospira's
intellectual property rights. If Hospira does not obtain or maintain sufficient protection for its intellectual property, Hospira's competitiveness in international markets could be impaired, which
could limit its growth and future sales. 

 If Hospira infringes the intellectual property rights of third parties, Hospira may face legal action, increased costs and delays in marketing new products. 

        Hospira seeks to launch generic pharmaceutical products either where patent protection of equivalent branded products has expired,
where patents have been declared invalid or where products do not infringe the patents of others. To achieve a "first-to-market" position for generic pharmaceutical products,
Hospira may take action, such as litigation, to seek to assert that its products do not infringe 

27

Table of Contents

patents
of existing products or that those patents are invalid or unenforceable. These actions and litigation could be costly and time consuming, and may not be successful. 

        Hospira
has made certain abbreviated new drug applications ("ANDA") with Paragraph IV certifications that the relevant patents for existing products would not be infringed by a
Hospira product, or were invalid or unenforceable, in the U.S. and equivalent filings in Canada. Claims filed by innovators contesting these certifications may delay or prevent the launch of the
relevant products and result in additional costs. 

        Hospira
is currently involved in patent-related disputes with companies over Hospira's attempts to market generic pharmaceutical products. Once Hospira has final approval of the related
generic pharmaceuticals, Hospira may decide to commercially market these products while the ultimate disposition of legal proceedings has not concluded. For example in 2011, Hospira received final FDA
approval in the U.S. and launched an oncolytic drug docetaxel (a generic version of Sanofi-Aventis' Taxotere®) that is the subject of ongoing patent litigation. If Hospira's products are
ultimately found to infringe the patent rights of another company, Hospira may be subject to significant damages, which may be based on a reasonable royalty or the lost profits from the sale of the
branded product and/or an injunction preventing Hospira from further sales. For further detail related to Hospira's patent-related litigation, see "Item 3. Legal Proceedings." 

        Third
parties may claim that Hospira's products are infringing their intellectual property rights. Claims of intellectual property infringement could be costly and
time-consuming and might require Hospira to enter into costly royalty or license agreements, if Hospira is able to obtain royalty or license agreements on acceptable terms. Hospira also
may be subject to significant damages or an injunction preventing it from manufacturing, selling or using some of its products in the event of a successful claim of patent or other intellectual
property infringement. Any of these adverse consequences could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's profitability and financial condition. 

 Changes in the funded status or costs of Hospira's pension or post-retirement benefit plans could adversely affect Hospira's financial position and results of
operations. 

        The funded status of Hospira's pension and post-retirement benefit plans is subject to developments and changes in
actuarial and other related assumptions. Decreases in the valuation of plan assets, particularly with respect to equity securities, and a change in the actual rate of return on plan assets can result
in significant changes to the expected return on plan assets in the following year and, as a consequence, could result in higher funding requirements and net periodic benefit costs. In addition,
changes in assumptions, such as discount rates, mortality rates, healthcare cost trend rates and other factors, may lead to significant increases in the value of the respective obligations. Assumption
changes could affect the reported funded status of Hospira's plans and, as a result, could result in higher funding requirements and net periodic benefit costs. All of these factors could have an
adverse effect on Hospira's financial position and results of operations. 

 Income taxes can have an unpredictable effect on Hospira's results of operations and result in greater-than-anticipated liabilities. 

        Hospira is subject to income taxes in a variety of jurisdictions, and its tax structure is subject to review by both domestic and
foreign taxation authorities. Because Hospira's income tax expense for any period depends heavily on the mix of income derived from the various taxing jurisdictions during that period, which is
inherently uncertain, its income tax expense and reported net income may fluctuate significantly, and may be materially different than forecasted. Moreover, changes in or interpretations of tax laws
and regulations (including laws related to the remittance of foreign earnings), changes in investments in foreign countries with favorable tax rates, and settlements of federal, state and foreign tax
audits, may affect Hospira's profitability and financial condition. 

28

Table of Contents

        Hospira
is the beneficiary of tax exemptions in certain jurisdictions outside the U.S., where a portion of its income is earned. These tax exemptions have a significant impact on
reducing Hospira's overall effective tax rate. If Hospira is unable to maintain these tax exemptions, Hospira's future profitability may be reduced. Changes in laws or governmental policies can affect
the availability of these exemptions. 

        Significant
judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and in evaluating tax positions that are subject to audits and adjustments. Liabilities for unrecognized
tax benefits are established when, despite Hospira's belief that the tax return positions are fully supportable, positions taken by Hospira are likely to be challenged based on the applicable tax
authority's determination of the positions. Although Hospira believes its tax provisions and related liability balances are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in
its financial statements and may materially affect its financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 

 The stock market can be volatile and fluctuations in Hospira's operating results, as well as other factors, could cause its stock price to decline. 

        During the past few years, the stock market has experienced fluctuations, which has significantly impacted the market prices of
securities issued by many companies for reasons
unrelated to their operating performance. Market fluctuations could adversely affect Hospira's stock price. Moreover, Hospira's sales and operating results may vary from quarter to quarter due to the
 set forth herein. Hospira's stock price could fluctuate significantly in response to its quarterly results and the impact of these risk factors on Hospira's operating results or financial
position.