Hospira's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below. These risks and uncertainties may cause (1) Hospira's sales and results of operations to fluctuate significantly; (2) Hospira's past performance not to be indicative of future performance; and (3) Hospira's actual performance to differ materially from Hospira's expectations or projections. The risks described below may not be the only risks Hospira faces. Additional risks that Hospira does not yet know of or that Hospira currently thinks are immaterial may also adversely impact or impair its business operations.

Competition, Marketing and Product Development

Hospira faces significant competition and may not be able to compete effectively.

The healthcare industry is highly competitive. Hospira competes with many companies that range from small, highly focused companies to large diversified healthcare manufacturers that have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. There has been consolidation by Hospira's competitors and customer base, which has resulted in pricing and sales pressures, causing competition to become more intense. Hospira's present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances by competitors or by the introduction of competing products by one or more of its competitors. To remain competitive and bolster its competitive position, Hospira believes that it must successfully execute various strategic plans, including expanding its research and development initiatives and productivity, globally expanding its portfolio of products, lowering its operating costs, improving its quality and business processes and streamlining and modernizing its portfolio of on-market medication management products. These initiatives may result in significant expenditures and ultimately may not be successful. If Hospira's global expansion efforts do not drive expected volume increases, Hospira may not be able to fully utilize its manufacturing footprint, which could result in certain asset impairments, customer accommodations, contract termination charges, restructuring, and other exit related charges. Hospira's efforts to modernize and streamline its portfolio of on-market, medication management products could be significant and may not be accepted by customers. Hospira's failure to compete effectively could cause it to lose market share to its competitors and have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability.

If Hospira does not successfully introduce new products in a timely manner, its sales and operating results may decline.

A key component to Hospira's strategy is effective execution of its research and development activities. Without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements, Hospira's products may become obsolete over time, causing its sales and operating results to suffer. If Hospira does not continue to develop generic injectable pharmaceuticals in a timely manner, its competitors may develop products that are more competitive than Hospira's, and Hospira could find it more difficult to renew or expand group purchasing organizations pricing agreements or to obtain new agreements. The ability to launch a generic pharmaceutical product at or before generic market formation is important to that product's profitability. Prices for generic products typically decline, sometimes dramatically, following market formation, as additional companies receive approvals to market that product and competition intensifies. If a company can be "first to market," such that the branded drug is the only other competition for a period of time, higher levels of sales and profitability can be achieved. With increasing competition in the generic product market, the timeliness with which Hospira can market new generic products will increase in importance. If Hospira is unable to bring its generic products to market on a timely basis, and secure "first to market" positions, its sales and profitability could be adversely impacted. In addition, Hospira may have fewer opportunities to launch significant 

11

generic products in the future, as the number and size of proprietary products that are subject to patent expirations or challenges are expected to decrease in the next several years compared to historical levels.

Hospira faces similar risks if it does not introduce new versions or upgrades to its medication management portfolio. Innovations generally require a substantial investment in product development before Hospira can determine their commercial viability, and Hospira may not have the financial resources necessary to fund these innovations. Even if Hospira succeeds in creating new product candidates from these innovations, such innovations may still fail to result in commercially successful products. The success of new product offerings for both pharmaceutical and device products will depend on several factors, including Hospira's ability to properly anticipate customer needs, obtain timely regulatory approvals, and manufacture quality products in an economic and timely manner. Even if Hospira is able to successfully develop new products or enhancements, Hospira may not produce sales equal to or greater than the costs of development or may not avoid infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Such products may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. Moreover, innovations may not be successful because of difficulties encountered in achieving positive clinical outcomes, meeting safety, efficacy or other regulatory requirements of government agencies, or obtaining favorable pricing on such products. Finally, innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among other things, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, and uncertainty over third‑party reimbursement.

If Hospira is unable to protect its intellectual property rights, its business and prospects could be harmed.

Hospira relies on trade secrets, confidentiality agreements, continuing technological innovation and, in some cases, patent, trademark and service mark protection to preserve its competitive position. A failure to protect Hospira's intellectual property could harm its business and prospects, and its efforts to protect its proprietary rights may not be adequate. Principal products and their related trademarks are discussed above under "Products." 

In 
2013
, Precedex™ represented approximately 
11%
 of Hospira's global Net sales, and in the Americas segment, Precedex™ represented approximately 
17%
 of specialty injectable pharmaceutical product line Net sales. One of the U.S. patents covering Precedex™ (U.S. Patent No. 4,910,214) expired on January 15, 2014, and it is possible that Hospira could face generic competition at any time. For information related to the additional patents covering Precedex™, see section captioned "Patents, Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property" above. Hospira faces potential generic competition for Precedex™ including certain legal proceedings challenging Hospira’s patents relating to Precedex™ and potential generic competitors seeking immediate market entry through label "carve-out" strategies that are the subject of a FDA open docket review. The outcome of these proceedings, the timing of patent expirations, the breadth of patent coverage, the success of life-cycle management programs and other factors will impact the timing and extent of generic competition. For further details regarding Hospira’s patents and other patent-related litigation, see the section captioned "Patent-Related Product Matters" in "Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements included in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this report.

In December 2013, Hospira entered into a settlement agreement in its patent litigation over Precedex™ with Sandoz, Inc. and Sandoz Canada, Inc. (collectively "Sandoz"), related to Sandoz’s "Paragraph IV" notice indicating that it has filed an abbreviated new drug application with the FDA for a generic version of Precedex™. The agreement provides for a market entry date for Sandoz to sell a generic version of Precedex™ no later than December 26, 2014. The agreement also includes a number of accelerator provisions which, if triggered, could lead to an earlier Sandoz market entry date, and is subject to standard contingencies. Generic competition to Precedex™ is expected to have a material adverse impact on Hospira's sales of Precedex™ and related results of operations.

Most of Hospira's products are not protected by patents or other proprietary rights, and have limited or no market exclusivity. Patent filings by third parties could render Hospira's intellectual property less valuable. In addition, intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in certain countries outside the U.S., which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position. Competitors may also harm sales of Hospira's products by designing products that mirror the capabilities of those products or technology without infringing Hospira's intellectual property rights. If Hospira does not obtain or maintain sufficient protection for its intellectual property, Hospira's competitiveness in international markets could be impaired, which could limit its growth and future sales.

If Hospira infringes the intellectual property rights of third parties, Hospira may face legal action, adverse damage awards, increased costs and delays in marketing new products.

Hospira seeks to launch generic pharmaceutical products either where patent protection of equivalent branded products has expired, where patents have been declared invalid or where products do not infringe the patents of others. To achieve a 

12

"first-to-market" or early market position for generic pharmaceutical products, Hospira may take action, such as litigation, asserting that its products do not infringe patents of existing products or that those patents are invalid or unenforceable. These actions and litigation could be costly and time consuming, and may not be successful.

Hospira has made certain abbreviated new drug applications with Paragraph IV certifications that the relevant patents for existing products would not be infringed by a Hospira product, or were invalid or unenforceable, in the U.S. and equivalent filings in Canada. Claims filed by innovators contesting these certifications may delay or prevent the launch of the relevant products and result in additional costs.

Hospira is currently involved in patent‑related disputes with companies over Hospira's attempts to market generic pharmaceutical products. Once Hospira has final approval of the related generic pharmaceuticals, Hospira may decide to commercially market these products while the ultimate disposition of legal proceedings has not concluded. If Hospira's products are ultimately found to infringe the patent rights of another company, Hospira may be subject to significant damages, which may be based on a reasonable royalty or the lost profits from the sale of the branded product and/or an injunction preventing Hospira from further sales. Third parties may claim that Hospira's products are infringing their intellectual property rights. Claims of intellectual property infringement could be costly and time-consuming and might require Hospira to enter into costly royalty or license agreements, if Hospira is able to obtain royalty or license agreements on acceptable terms. Hospira also may be subject to significant damages or an injunction preventing it from manufacturing, selling or using some of its products in the event of a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement. Any of these adverse consequences could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's profitability and financial condition.

The development, manufacture and sale of biosimilar products poses unique risks, including evolving regulation; and Hospira's failure to successfully introduce biosimilar products could have a negative impact on Hospira's business and future operating results.

Hospira is actively working to develop and commercialize biosimilar products. Hospira has launched three biosimilars, Retacrit™, Nivestim™, and Inflectra™ in several countries outside the U.S. Hospira has entered into agreements with other companies for the manufacturing, development and marketing of biosimilar candidates. These agreements are in alignment with Hospira’s biosimilar strategy to expand its portfolio and capabilities with measured investment and risk. In 2009, Hospira entered into an agreement to develop and market certain biosimilar molecules with Celltrion (including Inflectra™). The success of Hospira’s ability to commercialize products from the Celltrion agreement will depend on the ability of Celltrion to develop, manufacture and gain approval for its products.

 For those biosimilar candidates that will be internally developed, Hospira expects that the product development costs for each candidate could be up to $100-$200 million per biosimilar over a 7-8 year period. The cost to develop each biosimilar candidate could vary significantly and is highly dependent on the specific compound and the amount and type of clinical work necessary for regulatory approval. There can be no assurance that Hospira's clinical work will be successful.

Moreover, Hospira may enter into additional alliances to fund research and development activities, such as the arrangement with NovaQuest, and the success of the biosimilar program may depend on Hospira's ability to realize the benefits under such arrangements. Due to events beyond Hospira's control or the risks identified herein, Hospira may not be able to fund all or some of its internal biosimilar research and development initiatives, which would have an adverse impact on Hospira's strategy and growth initiatives. For further information related to the Hospira and NovaQuest Co-Investment Fund I, L.P. ("NovaQuest") agreement see section captioned "Product Development and Product Launches" in "Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report. 

As described above under "Governmental Regulation and Other Matters," the PPACA legislation included new authorization for the FDA to approve companies to market biosimilar products in the U.S. Although in 2012, the FDA issued draft guidance documents in furtherance of this new authorization, significant uncertainty remains concerning the regulatory pathway in the U.S. to obtain regulatory approval of biosimilar products and the commercial pathway to successfully market and sell such products. Hospira will continue to analyze and incorporate into its biosimilar development plans any final regulations that are issued by the FDA. The costs of development and approval, along with the probability of success for Hospira's biosimilar candidates, will depend upon any final regulations issued by the relevant regulatory authorities. Moreover, biosimilar products likely may be subject to extensive patent clearances and patent infringement litigation, which could delay or prevent the commercial launch of a product for many years.

In addition, the development, manufacturing, distribution and sale of biosimilars poses unique risks, including those related to the supply and distribution of the materials needed to manufacture biosimilars. Access to and the supply of necessary biological materials may be limited, and government regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such 

13

materials. In addition, market success of biosimilar products will depend on Hospira demonstrating to patients, physicians and payers that such products are safe and efficacious compared to other existing products, yet offer a more competitive price or other benefit over existing therapies. Dependent upon the outcome of the foregoing risks, Hospira may not be able to generate future sales of biosimilar products in certain jurisdictions and may not realize the anticipated benefits of its investments in the development, manufacture and sale of such products.

Hospira may not be able to realize all of the expected benefits of its global device strategy, could incur additional costs to execute the strategy, or could encounter unforeseen difficulties in implementing the strategy, all of which could adversely affect Hospira's business or operating results. 

In May 2013, Hospira announced its global device strategy, a multi-year initiative to establish a streamlined and modernized infusion pump portfolio to address customer needs and position the company for future innovation and growth, while supporting continued advancement of device remediation and improvement efforts. The device strategy is described in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report. As described in Item 7, Hospira expects to incur aggregate charges related to these actions in the range of approximately 
$300 million
 to 
$350 million
 on a pre-tax basis.

This initiative will include the continued involvement of and interaction with the FDA and other regulatory agencies. While Hospira has met with these agencies to gain alignment on the device strategy, there can be no assurance that these or other regulatory agencies will be satisfied with Hospira's actions or implementation of the strategy in the future, which could impact Hospira's ability to implement the device strategy in a timely manner or could prevent Hospira from realizing all of the expected benefits of the device strategy. In addition, there can be no assurance that the FDA or other regulatory agencies will not impose additional restrictions on the manufacture, distribution, sale or marketing of products in the company's device business, including the company's infusion pumps, administration sets or other device products. 

Hospira cannot be certain that it will have sufficient production capacity and appropriate regulatory clearance to meet the demand for replacement devices required to support the device strategy. Furthermore, Hospira's customers may elect not to continue using Hospira as a supplier of infusion devices. Many of Hospira's pump customers also purchase a variety of other medication management products, including administration sets and other device products. If a significant number of Hospira customers discontinue using Hospira's pump platform, Hospira's business and financial results may suffer, and sales of other medication management products could be adversely impacted. 

It is possible that substantial additional cash and non-cash charges may be required in future periods based on new information, changes in estimates, market conditions, continued dialogue with regulatory agencies, or other actions Hospira may be required to undertake in furtherance of the strategy. Hospira may need to modify the existing initiatives of the device strategy or introduce new actions. 

Failure to effectively manage efforts or to realize the benefits under product development, collaboration, or other third-party agreements may harm Hospira's business and profitability.

Hospira collaborates with other companies for the development, regulatory approval, manufacturing and marketing of new products in both the specialty injectable pharmaceutical and medication management product lines. Hospira has entered into agreements relating to the long-term development and commercialization of proprietary and biosimilar products, which Hospira views as an important long-term opportunity for its specialty injectable pharmaceutical product line. For further information related to these agreements, see "Product Development" above. Hospira’s ability to benefit from these arrangements will depend on its ability to manage successfully these arrangements and the performance of the other parties. Hospira and the other parties may not efficiently work together, leading to higher-than-anticipated costs and delays in important activities under the arrangements. The other parties may not devote the resources that are required for the arrangement to be successful. These arrangements are often governed by complex agreements that may be subject to differing interpretations by the parties, which may result in disputes, delays and missteps. The failure of these arrangements to achieve their objectives, or to achieve those objectives in a timely manner, could harm Hospira’s sales, product development efforts and profitability.

During the last few years, Hospira made certain advances to suppliers for the purchase of certain active pharmaceutical ingredients or biosimilar products. These advances are unsecured. However, under certain circumstances, the advances are refundable. Hospira may not realize the expected benefits of such advances, or based upon the creditworthiness or other circumstances of the suppliers, may not receive a refund of the advance payments, which could adversely impact Hospira's results of operations.

14

Manufacturing and Supply

The manufacture of Hospira's products is highly exacting and complex, and if Hospira or its suppliers encounter problems manufacturing, storing or distributing products, Hospira's business could suffer.

The manufacture of Hospira's products and products Hospira produces for third parties is highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements governing the manufacture of drugs and medical devices. Problems may arise during manufacturing, quality control, storage or distribution of Hospira's products and products Hospira manufactures for third parties, for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, manufacturing quality concerns, or problems with raw materials, electromechanical, software and other components, supplier issues, and natural disaster related events or other environmental factors. If problems arise during the production, storage or distribution of a batch of product, that batch of product may have to be discarded. Problems could also lead to increased costs, lost sales, damage to customer relations, failure to supply penalties, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches of products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recalls, corrective actions or product liability related costs may also be incurred. Problems with respect to the manufacture, storage or distribution of products could materially disrupt Hospira's business and harm its sales and profitability.

Certain of Hospira's products are produced at a single manufacturing facility, and Hospira faces risks inherent in manufacturing its products at a single facility or a single site. Any significant disruption would likely lead to substantial production delays. If this occurs, Hospira may be unable to satisfy customer orders on a timely basis, if at all. As a result, Hospira may suffer loss of market share, which may not be recaptured, and its reputation may be harmed, which could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. During the last few years, Hospira voluntarily and temporarily shut down certain of its production lines or slowed the release of certain products to respond to certain quality issues, as described in the section captioned "Certain Quality and Product Related Matters" in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report. Such disruptions have adversely impacted, and, although to a lesser extent, continue to adversely impact, Hospira's ability to manufacture and sell its products. If Hospira experiences any further significant interruptions of manufacturing or further slowdown in the release of products at any of its facilities, such an interruption could further materially and adversely affect Hospira's ability to manufacture and sell its products.

Hospira's issues with its quality systems and processes could have an adverse effect upon Hospira's business, subject Hospira to further regulatory action and costly litigation, and cause a loss of confidence in Hospira and its products.

Hospira's future operating results will depend on its ability to implement and improve its quality management program, and effectively train and manage its employee base with respect to quality management. During the last few years, Hospira has encountered several quality and product related issues, primarily related to FDA warning letters and certain device remediation activities, which are described under the section captioned "Certain Quality and Product Related Matters" in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report.

While Hospira takes all of its quality matters seriously, Hospira cannot give any assurances as to the expected date of resolution of all of these matters. While Hospira continues to work to resolve the remaining matters, there can be no assurance that additional costs or penalties will not be incurred, and that additional regulatory actions with respect to Hospira will not occur. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that regulatory agencies or customers will be satisfied with Hospira's response and corrective actions. Until all of the matters are corrected, Hospira may be subject to additional regulatory actions by the FDA and other regulatory authorities, including the receipt of additional Form 483 observations, warning letters, untitled letters, import and export bans or restrictions, the imposition of a consent decree, product recalls or seizures, injunctions to halt manufacture or distribution of products, monetary penalties, or other restrictions on operations. In addition, new product approvals at any of Hospira's manufacturing facilities could be adversely impacted by these quality matters or any other adverse inspection results at Hospira's other facilities. Hospira has experienced delays in product approvals at its facilities, and dependent upon the outcomes of these matters and potential further regulatory actions, further delays in, or denials of product approvals could continue to impact Hospira.

Hospira's inability to address quality or safety issues in an effective and timely manner also may cause negative publicity, and a loss of customer confidence, which may result in the loss of sales for existing and new products, the loss of market share for these products, changes to customer buying patterns, loss of customers, and failure to negotiate advantageous pricing and purchasing arrangements with GPOs. Due to the complexity and depth of the remediation activities, these matters have and may continue to adversely impact production, including causing further reduced production volumes, extended production 

15

downtime, inventory accumulation and/or inventory loss due to spoilage, excess, obsolescence or products failing to meet specifications and quality standards. These quality matters have and may continue to lead to further remediation activities, including third-party oversight activities, product recalls, product remediation and life-cycle management programs, or other corrective actions. Also due to the complexity of these quality and product matters and in conjunction with continuous improvement actions, activities may include rationalizing the product portfolio, evaluating non-strategic assets and streamlining the manufacturing footprint, which may result in certain asset impairments, customer accommodations, contract termination charges, restructuring, and other exit related charges. Additionally, these quality matters have adversely impacted, and may impact further, Hospira's Net sales and ability to market certain products in all segments. These quality matters have resulted in, and may further result in, lower customer service levels and resulting higher customer backorders, customer accommodations and penalties for failure to supply products.

These matters have impacted, and may continue to further impact, Hospira's cash flows and results of operations. The decrease in cash flows and results of operations could further impact Hospira's ability to remain in compliance with the financial covenant included in Hospira's revolving credit facility or could limit Hospira's flexibility in pursuing its current strategic investments, including Hospira's capacity expansion initiatives in India, modernization efforts at existing facilities, biosimilar research and development programs, global product portfolio expansion efforts, or any other programs Hospira decides to pursue. Hospira may have to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to fund quality initiatives, thereby reducing the cash flow for these other initiatives.

Hospira's proposed acquisition of an API business from Orchid may not result in the anticipated benefits, or may not be completed in a timely or cost-effective matter, or at all.

In August 2012, Hospira entered into an agreement with one of its suppliers, Orchid to acquire a penem and penicillin active pharmaceutical ingredient business. In March 2013, the Agreement was amended to increase the purchase price, and to include additional assets to be purchased by Hospira that are related to the assets previously subject to the original Agreement and to change the purchase price currency from U.S. dollar to Indian rupee, which may result in a higher or lower payment upon close based upon the currency fluctuations between the Indian rupee and the U.S. dollar. Orchid currently supplies these APIs and other APIs to Hospira and other third-parties. Until the acquisition closes, Hospira will continue to work with Orchid to ensure continuity of supply of those APIs. Hospira has been working closely with Orchid and has developed a plan that we believe will ensure no disruption in API supply prior to closing of the transaction. Hospira cannot guarantee that those efforts or the plan will be successful, and as a result, Hospira may not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of these materials prior to closing, which could impact the manufacture and sale of certain of Hospira's products and its sales and profitability could be adversely impacted, including penalties for failure to supply products to certain of Hospira's customers. The agreement contains customary covenants by the parties, and is subject to customary closing conditions and approvals. It is possible that the agreement may be further modified by the parties prior to closing to reflect additional negotiations, regulatory or other considerations. While Hospira expects to close the transaction in the first half of 2014, there can be no assurance that the transaction will be consummated during that time period, or at all.

In addition, Hospira has made certain advances to Orchid for certain API products, some of which may be settled upon the close of this transaction. There can be no assurance that Hospira will realize the anticipated benefits of such advances, or based upon the creditworthiness or other circumstances of Orchid, may not receive a reimbursement of the advances, which could adversely impact Hospira's results of operations for the impacted period.

Hospira can experience higher costs to produce its products as a result of rising commodity prices.

Hospira uses commodities, such as platinum, resins and other petroleum‑based materials as raw materials in many of its products. Prices of oil, fuel, and other gases also significantly affect Hospira's costs for freight and utilities. Platinum, resins, other petroleum-based materials, oil, fuel, and other gas prices are volatile. If costs increase and Hospira is unable to fully recover these costs through price increases or offset these increases through other cost reductions or hedging activities, Hospira could experience lower margins and profitability.

Hospira depends on third parties to supply raw materials and other components, and third‑party finished goods. Hospira may not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of these materials, which could limit Hospira's ability to manufacture or sell products on a timely basis and could harm its profitability.

The manufacture of Hospira's products requires raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredients and electromechanical and other components that must meet stringent FDA and other regulatory requirements. While efforts are made to diversify Hospira's sources of materials and components, some of these raw materials and other components are currently available from a limited number of suppliers. For example, Hospira relies on certain proprietary components available exclusively from ICU 

16

Medical, including ICU Medical's CLAVE™ and MicroCLAVE™ connector products are components of infusion sets that represented approximately 
12%
 of Hospira's 
2013
 U.S. Net sales. Hospira also relies on API from Orchid and Orion and on Celltrion and other third-party suppliers for the supply of drug substance and drug product for Hospira’s biosimilars. For a more detailed description of those relationships, see section captioned "Raw Materials, Components and Purchased Products" above. 

Hospira's joint venture, ZHOPL, manufactures a number of cytotoxic drugs for Hospira. Hospira shares managerial control of the joint venture on an equal basis with the joint venture partner, Cadila. Hospira may become involved in disputes with the joint venture partner, or encounter difficulties at the facility, that could disrupt or halt the operations at the facility, which could adversely impact Hospira's financial condition or results of operations.

In addition, Hospira purchases from single sources certain compounding materials, polyvinyl‑chloride resin and laminate film components for Hospira's production of certain flexible bags that it uses with its I.V. and pre-mixed solutions, as well as rubber components that it uses in the packaging of some of its injectable pharmaceuticals. Hospira also obtains from single sources certain active pharmaceutical ingredients and finished products. Identifying alternative suppliers and obtaining approval to change or substitute a raw material or component, or the supplier of a finished product, raw material or component, can be time-consuming and expensive, as testing, validation and regulatory approval are often necessary.

While Hospira works closely with its suppliers to ensure the continuity of supply, Hospira cannot guarantee that these efforts will be successful. In the past, Hospira's business has experienced shortages in some of the raw materials and components of its products. Continuous supply of petroleum‑based products is especially risky due to the limited number of capable suppliers, limited production capacity and the effect of natural disasters. If suppliers are unable to deliver sufficient quantities of these materials on a timely basis or if supply is otherwise disrupted, including by suppliers exiting the market, the manufacture and sale of Hospira's products may be disrupted, and its sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

Hospira's continuous improvement activities have resulted, and may continue to result, in significant charges and cash expenditures. These activities may disrupt Hospira's business and may not result in the intended improvement or cost savings.

Hospira's strategy, in part, has been to improve margins and cash flow to drive sustained growth. In addition to cost-reduction initiatives, Hospira has taken other actions to dispose of, or close, certain manufacturing, research and development, and other facilities. These actions have resulted in significant charges to Hospira's results of operations and cash expenditures.

Hospira aims to achieve a culture of continuous improvement that will enhance its efficiency, effectiveness, and competitiveness and substantially improve its cost base. Continuous improvement activities could result in additional charges and cash expenditures, including capital expenditures and charges associated with Hospira's expansion in India of specialty injectable manufacturing capacity and modernizing and streamlining its existing portfolio of products and facilities. These expansion and modernization efforts may not be completed in a timely or cost effective manner, if at all, and Hospira may not realize the desired benefits of these efforts. If Hospira does not realize the expected savings and benefits from its continuous improvement efforts, its profitability may be adversely affected. 

Cost-reduction and continuous improvement activities are complex, and if Hospira does not successfully manage these activities, its operations and business could be disrupted and Hospira may incur more costs than anticipated. As a result, Hospira's sales, margins and profitability may be adversely impacted.

Hospira's business involves environmental risks, which include the cost of compliance and the risk of contamination or injury. 

Hospira’s product development programs and manufacturing processes involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals and toxic compounds. These programs and processes expose it to risks that an accidental contamination could lead to noncompliance with environmental laws, regulatory enforcement actions and claims for personal injury and property damage. In addition, Hospira may be subject to clean-up obligations, damages and fines related to the discharge of hazardous materials, chemicals and toxic compounds on its properties whether or not it knew of, or was responsible for, the contamination. For example, in connection with the acquisition and ownership of its properties, Hospira may be potentially liable for environmental clean-up costs.

In addition, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which Hospira’s properties may be used or its business may be operated. For example, biologics manufacturing requires permits from government agencies for water supply and wastewater discharge. If Hospira does not obtain appropriate permits, or permits for sufficient quantities of water and wastewater, it could incur significant costs and limits on its manufacturing volumes that could harm its business. Environmental laws provide for sanctions in the event of noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in 

17

certain circumstances, by private parties. Any costs or expenses relating to environmental matters may not be covered by insurance and, accordingly, may have a material and adverse impact on Hospira’s business. 

Matters Affecting Customer Demand and Sales

Healthcare reform legislation and other regulatory issues may adversely affect Hospira’s results of operations. 

The PPACA makes various changes to the delivery of healthcare in the U.S. Those changes include reductions in Medicare and Medicaid payments to hospitals, clinical laboratories and pharmaceutical companies, and could reduce the volume of medical procedures. These factors, in turn, could result in reduced demand for Hospira’s products and increased downward pricing pressure and could result in lower reimbursements for Hospira’s products. Other provisions in the law may significantly change the practice of healthcare and could adversely affect aspects of Hospira’s business. While the law is intended to expand health insurance coverage to uninsured persons in the United States, the impact of any overall increase in access to healthcare on sales of Hospira’s products remains uncertain. 

Additionally, Hospira encounters similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries. In the European Union ("EU") and some other international markets, the government provides healthcare at low cost to consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility or reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system. 

If significant additional reforms are made to the U.S. healthcare system, or to the healthcare systems in other markets in which Hospira operates, those reforms could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position and results of operations.

Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers could affect the demand for Hospira’s products and the prices at which they are sold. 

Hospira's products and services are sold to hospitals and alternate site providers, such as clinics, home healthcare providers and long-term care facilities which receive reimbursement for the healthcare services provided to their patients from third‑party payers, such as government programs, private insurance plans and managed-care programs. These third‑party payers are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. Levels of reimbursement, if any, may be decreased in the future, and future healthcare reform legislation, regulations or changes to reimbursement policies of third party payers may otherwise adversely affect the demand for and price levels of Hospira's products, which could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's sales and profitability.

Economic pressure on state budgets may result in states increasingly seeking to achieve budget savings through mechanisms that limit coverage or payment for Hospira’s products. State Medicaid programs are increasingly requesting manufacturers to pay supplemental rebates and requiring prior authorization by the state program for use of any drug for which supplemental rebates are not being paid. Managed care organizations continue to seek price discounts and, in some cases, to impose restrictions on the coverage of particular drugs. Government efforts to reduce Medicaid expenses may lead to increased use of managed care organizations by Medicaid programs. This may result in managed care organizations influencing prescription decisions for a larger segment of the population and a corresponding constraint on prices and reimbursement for Hospira’s products. 

In the EU and some other international markets, the government provides healthcare at low cost to consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility or reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system. Many countries are reducing their public expenditures and Hospira expects to see strong efforts to reduce healthcare costs in its international markets. In markets outside the U.S., Hospira's business has experienced downward pressure on product pricing as a result of the concentrated buying power of governments as principal customers and the use of bid-and-tender sales methods whereby Hospira is required to submit a bid for the sale of its products. Hospira's failure to offer acceptable prices to these customers could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability in these markets.

Hospira is subject to the cost-containment efforts of wholesalers and distributors which could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability.

Hospira relies on drug wholesalers to assist in the distribution of its generic injectable pharmaceutical products. While Hospira has business arrangements in place with its major drug wholesalers, if Hospira is required to pay fees not contemplated by its existing arrangements, Hospira will incur additional costs to distribute its products, which may adversely impact Hospira's profitability.

18

If Hospira is unable to obtain or maintain its GPO and IDN

pricing agreements, sales of its products could decline.

Many existing and potential customers for Hospira's products have combined to form GPOs and IDNs in an effort to lower costs. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with manufacturers and distributors, and these negotiated prices are made available to a GPO's or an IDN's affiliated hospitals and other members. A small number of GPOs influence a majority of sales to Hospira's hospital customers in the U.S. Failure to negotiate market competitive pricing and purchasing arrangements could cause Hospira to lose market share to its competitors and have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability. The quality and related supply issues that have impacted Hospira's business over the last few years could adversely impact Hospira's ability to negotiate advantageous pricing or purchasing arrangements.

Hospira has pricing agreements for certain products with the major GPOs in the U.S., including Amerinet, Inc.; HealthTrust Purchasing Group LP; MedAssets Supply Chain Systems, LLC; Novation, LLC; and Premier Healthcare Alliance, LP. It is important for Hospira to continue to maintain pricing arrangements for certain products with major GPOs. In order to maintain these relationships, Hospira must offer a reliable supply of high-quality, regulatory‑compliant products. Hospira also needs to maintain a broad product line and be price‑competitive. Several GPO contracts may be up for renewal or extension in a given year. Moreover, some of the agreements may be terminated on 60 or 90 days' notice, while others may not be terminated without breach until the end of their contracted term. If Hospira is unable to renew or extend one or more of those contracts, or one or more of the contracts is terminated, and Hospira cannot replace the lost business, Hospira's sales and profitability will decline. Major GPOs have been consolidating, and further consolidation may occur. The effect of consolidation is uncertain, and may impair Hospira's ability to contract with GPOs in the future.

The GPOs also have a variety of business relationships with Hospira's competitors and may decide to enter into pricing agreements for, or otherwise prefer, products other than Hospira's. While GPOs negotiate incentives for members to purchase specified products from a given manufacturer or distributor, GPO pricing agreements allow customers to choose between the products covered by the arrangement and another manufacturer's products, whether or not purchased under a negotiated pricing agreement. As a result, Hospira may face competition for its products even within the context of its GPO pricing agreements.

Changes in the buying patterns of Hospira's customers could adversely affect Hospira's operating results.

During 
2013
, sales through the four largest U.S. wholesalers that supply products to many end-users accounted for approximately 
44%
 of Hospira's global Net sales. Hospira's profitability may be impacted by changes in the buying patterns of these wholesalers or any other major distributor. Their buying patterns may change as a result of end-use buyer purchasing decisions, end-use customer demand, pricing, or other factors, which could adversely affect Hospira's results of operations.

Hospira and its suppliers and customers are subject to various governmental regulations, and it could be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes. In addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to sanctions which could adversely affect Hospira's business, results of operations and financial condition.

Hospira's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA, and numerous other national, supranational, federal and state governmental authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug or medical device, particularly from the FDA and regulatory authorities outside the U.S., can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products on a timely basis, if at all. To ensure ongoing customer safety, regulatory agencies such as the FDA may re-evaluate their current approval processes and may impose additional requirements. In addition, the FDA and other regulatory authorities may impose increased or enhanced regulatory inspections for domestic or foreign plants.

The FDA, along with other regulatory authorities around the world, has been experiencing a backlog of generic drug and medical device applications, which has delayed approvals of new products. These delays have become longer, and may continue to increase in the future. These delays can result in higher levels of unapproved inventory and increased costs due to excess and obsolescence exposures. In addition, Hospira may incur additional costs in connection with new regulations covering user fees for generics, biosimilars or devices.

In 2010, the FDA issued a draft guidance document entitled "Total Product Life Cycle: Infusion Pump-Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions." Through this draft guidance, the FDA has established additional pre-market requirements for infusion pumps. At the same time, the FDA is also generally enhancing its pre-market requirements for medical devices. Although Hospira cannot predict with certainty the future impact of these initiatives, it appears that the process for obtaining regulatory approvals to market infusion pumps and medical devices will become more costly and time consuming. In addition, the new requirements could result in longer delays for the approval of new products as well as remediation of existing products 

19

in the market. Future delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals could result in delayed or no realization of product revenues.

Hospira and its collaborative partners and suppliers may not be able to remain in compliance with applicable FDA and other material regulatory requirements once it has obtained clearance or approval for a product. These requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling, off-label marketing, advertising and postmarketing reporting, adverse event reports and field alerts. In addition, manufacturing flaws, component failures, design defects, off-label uses or inadequate disclosure of product related information could result in an unsafe condition or the injury or death of a patient. Hospira and its partners or suppliers may be required by regulatory authorities, or Hospira may determine on its own, to issue a safety alert, product recall or to temporarily cease production and sale of certain products in order to resolve manufacturing and product quality concerns. All of these events could harm Hospira's sales, margins and profitability in the affected periods and may have a material adverse effect on Hospira's business.

Hospira is also subject to various federal, state, and foreign laws pertaining to foreign corrupt practices and healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback, false claims and off-label promotion laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in national, federal and state healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, and Veterans' Administration health programs and health programs outside the U.S. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and are subject to evolving interpretations, which could require Hospira to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt Hospira's business and result in a material adverse effect on Hospira's sales, profitability and financial condition.

In August 2012, the SEC adopted a new rule requiring disclosure of specified minerals, known as conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured by public companies. The new rule, which became effective in 2013, requires the first disclosure report, covering 2013, to be filed by May 31, 2014. The report will require companies to disclose whether such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo or an adjoining country. The rule could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of some minerals used in the manufacture of Hospira’s products. The number of suppliers who provide conflict-free minerals may be limited. In addition, there may be significant costs associated with complying with the reporting requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in Hospira’s products, as well as costs and delays associated with possible changes to products, processes, regulatory approvals, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification and/or potential supplier change activities. Since Hospira’s supply chain is complex, Hospira may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in its products, which may harm its reputation. In addition, Hospira may encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of its products be certified as conflict-free, which could place Hospira at a competitive disadvantage if Hospira is unable to do so, or is only able to do so at a higher price.

For a more detailed listing of the laws and regulations that significantly affect Hospira’s business and operations, see section captioned "Governmental Regulation and Other Matters" above. Any adverse regulatory action, or action taken by Hospira to maintain appropriate regulatory compliance, with respect to these laws and regulations could disrupt Hospira’s business and have a material adverse effect on its sales, profitability and financial condition. Furthermore, an adverse regulatory action with respect to any Hospira product, operating procedure or manufacturing facility could materially harm Hospira’s reputation in the marketplace.

Financing and Liquidity Matters

Hospira may require financing in the future for use in its operations, to make acquisitions or other investments, and such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all.

Hospira currently has outstanding 
$1.75 billion
 of senior unsecured notes. Hospira also has a 
$1.0 billion
 unsecured revolving credit facility that matures in October 2016. Hospira may need to incur additional debt in the future to finance acquisitions, for use in its operations, or to make other investments, including investments in certain quality and product related matters, continuous improvement activities, modernizing and streamlining activities, and product development. For a complete description of Hospira's long-term debt, see Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this report.

Hospira's ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms could be affected by its credit rating, other events that adversely impact Hospira's creditworthiness or a general tightening of credit availability in the capital markets. The inability to obtain adequate funds on acceptable terms, terms which may include higher rates and additional restrictions, could limit Hospira's 

20

ability to pursue desired acquisitions or make other investments, or have other adverse consequences on Hospira's operations, which could negatively impact Hospira's business. 

Any previously mentioned negative effects could cause a downgrade of Hospira's credit rating, which would affect Hospira's ability to obtain new financing and negatively impact Hospira's cost of financing and credit.

Hospira's existing unsecured revolving credit facility and the indenture governing Hospira's senior unsecured notes contain restrictions that could limit Hospira's flexibility in pursuing its business plans.

The indenture governing Hospira's senior unsecured notes includes covenants that limit Hospira's ability, among other things, to incur secured indebtedness, enter into certain sale and lease transactions and merge or consolidate with other companies. Hospira's unsecured revolving credit facility has a number of restrictive covenants, including limitations on liens and subsidiary indebtedness, and also has a financial covenant limiting Hospira's leverage. The need to maintain compliance with the covenants in the indenture and the credit facility could limit Hospira's ability to take actions that management believes are in Hospira's best interest. Amounts borrowed under the credit facility, if any, are included in the leverage ratio covenant and may limit Hospira’s availability for borrowings to less than $1.0 billion. As of December 31, 
2013
, Hospira had no amounts borrowed or otherwise outstanding under the credit facility, and Hospira had approximately 
$638 million
 of availability for borrowings under the credit facility. The availability of funds is limited by financial covenants related to Hospira’s debt and financial position. Further, the breach of a covenant, or the occurrence of certain other events specified in the indenture and the credit facility, would result in an event of default, in which case the lenders under the credit facility could elect not to make loans, or the holders of notes issued under the indenture or the lenders under the credit facility could accelerate the maturity of amounts payable thereunder. For a complete description of Hospira's long-term debt, see Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this report.

Other Matters

The loss of key personnel could harm Hospira's business.

Hospira's failure to hire or retain personnel with the right expertise and experience in disciplines that are critical to its business functions could adversely impact the execution of its business strategy. During the last few years, Hospira made a number of changes to its senior management team to advance Hospira's strategic initiatives to improve quality and globally expand. The success of these initiatives and its business operations generally, will depend, to a significant extent, upon the experience, abilities and continued services of key management personnel. Hospira cannot be sure that it will be able to attract and retain key personnel or maintain key relationships, or that the costs of retaining such personnel or maintaining such relationships will not materially increase. 

Hospira may acquire businesses and assets, license rights to technologies or products from third parties, form alliances, or dispose of businesses and assets, and actions may not result in the expected benefits or may not be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all.

As part of execution of Hospira's business strategy, Hospira may acquire other businesses and assets, license rights to technologies or products from third parties, form alliances, or dispose of businesses and assets. Hospira also may pursue strategic alliances to expand its product offerings and geographic presence. Hospira may not identify or complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits of any acquisition, license arrangement, strategic alliance, or disposition. Other companies, including those with substantially greater resources, may compete with Hospira for opportunities. If Hospira is successful in securing certain opportunities, the products and technologies that Hospira acquires may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. Hospira may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business.

Hospira may incur greater than expected costs in connection with these transactions if it encounters difficulties or issues not known to it at the time of entering into the transaction. In addition, Hospira may enter markets in which it has no or limited prior experience. Hospira could experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition‑related charges. 

Challenging economic or business conditions could adversely affect Hospira's operations.

The securities and credit markets have experienced volatility in the past, which in some cases, exerted negative pressure on the availability of liquidity and credit for certain companies. Hospira's ability to access the credit and capital markets, and the related cost of borrowings, will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, the availability of credit and the 

21

strength of Hospira's credit rating. If Hospira's credit rating were to be downgraded for any reason, including the reasons described in these risk factors Hospira's ability to obtain new financing could be negatively impacted, and Hospira's cost of borrowing could increase.

Lending institutions, including those associated with Hospira's 
$1.0 billion
 revolving credit facility which expires in 2016, may suffer losses due to their lending and other financial relationships. As a result, lenders may become insolvent, which could affect the actual availability of credit under Hospira's revolving credit facility, or Hospira's ability to obtain other financing on equally favorable terms. Moreover, insurance companies and other financial institutions may suffer losses, which could affect the cost and availability of insurance coverage. If one or more of these events occurred, Hospira's liquidity may prove to be insufficient, cost of borrowing may increase and Hospira's financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.

Demand for Hospira's products may decrease due to adverse economic conditions, resulting in the loss of jobs or healthcare coverage, thereby affecting an individual's ability to pay for elective healthcare. Adverse economic conditions may also increase Hospira's customers' cost-containment efforts, and affect Hospira's customers' solvency or their ability to obtain credit to finance their purchases of Hospira's products, which could reduce Hospira's revenue and cause a decrease in Hospira's profitability. These economic conditions may also adversely affect certain of Hospira's suppliers, which could cause a disruption in its ability to produce products.

Hospira's long-lived asset balances are significant, and a decline in the value of assets may adversely affect Hospira's financial position or results of operations.

The values of Hospira's property and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets and investments are significant and can be affected by various factors such as increased competition, development discontinuation, delay in regulatory approval, product quality, changes in business strategies, decline in stock price, the impact of continuous improvement activities, disposition transactions, and business combinations. As a result of these factors or other events, Hospira has impaired goodwill and certain intangible assets and may further have to impair these assets or change estimated useful lives, which may have a material adverse effect on Hospira's financial position or results of operations.

In addition, Hospira regularly reviews its investments, including equity and cost-based investments, to determine when a significant event or change in circumstance has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. Hospira considers numerous factors, including factors affecting the investee, factors affecting the industry of the investee, and general equity market trends. Hospira also considers the length of time an investment's market value has been below carrying value and the near-term prospects for recovery to carrying value. Volatility in the global equity markets and other factors could adversely impact the fair value of Hospira's investments and, as a consequence, could result in a charge for an other than temporary decline in value, which could have an adverse effect on Hospira's financial position and results of operations.

Hospira relies on the performance of its information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on Hospira's business and performance.

Hospira operates in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure to manage its finances, to manufacture, to enable compliance and to market and sell its products. These systems are vulnerable to interruption or failure due to the age of certain systems, the introduction of viruses, malware, security breaches, fire, power loss, system malfunction, network outages and other events, which may be beyond Hospira's control. System interruptions or failures could impact Hospira's ability to manufacture its products or continue its business, all of which could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's operations and financial performance. In addition, a cyber-attack that bypasses Hospira's information technology security systems causing a security breach may lead to a material disruption of its information technology business systems and/or the loss of business information resulting in an adverse business impact. The age of Hospira's information technology systems, as well as the level of Hospira's protection and business continuity or disaster recovery capability, varies from site to site, and there can be no guarantee that any such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be totally effective. Hospira’s capital investment levels in its information technology systems have increased over the last few years as Hospira has been upgrading its networks, replacing certain old systems, improving backup and recovery capability and fortifying its technical security capability.

Hospira is increasingly dependent on its outsourcing and third‑party service provider arrangements.

Hospira is increasingly dependent on third‑party providers for certain services, including certain information technology, research and development, third-party manufacturing, human resource, and finance and accounting services. Hospira may continue to increase its dependence on third-party providers for other services. The failure of these service providers to meet 

22

their obligations or the development of significant disagreements or other factors may materially disrupt Hospira's ongoing relationship with these providers or the services they provide, which could negatively affect operations.

Compliance with domestic and international laws and regulations pertaining to the privacy and security of health information may be time consuming, difficult and costly.

Failure to comply with domestic and international privacy and security laws can result in the imposition of significant civil and criminal penalties. The costs of compliance with these laws, including protecting electronically stored information from cyber-attacks, and potential liability associated with failure to do so, could adversely affect Hospira’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Hospira is subject to various domestic and international privacy and security regulations, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"). HIPAA mandates, among other things, the adoption of uniform standards for the electronic exchange of information in common healthcare transactions, as well as standards relating to the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information, which require the adoption of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect such information. In addition, many states have enacted comparable laws addressing the privacy and security of health information, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA. 

While Hospira currently expends resources to protect against cyber-attacks and security breaches, it may need to expend additional resources in the future to continue to protect against potential security breaches or to address problems caused by such attacks or any breach of its safeguards. A party that is able to circumvent Hospira’s security safeguards could, among other things, misappropriate or misuse sensitive or confidential information, user information or other proprietary information, cause significant interruptions in Hospira’s operations and cause all or portions of its website to be unavailable. Further, any interruptions in the availability of Hospira’s website could impair its ability to conduct its business, comply with regulations, and adversely impact its customers during the occurrence of any such incident.

Hospira conducts operations outside of the U.S. and is subject to additional risks, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that may cause its sales and profitability to decline.

Sales in markets outside the U.S. comprised approximately 
29%
 of 
2013
 Net sales. Hospira anticipates that sales from outside the U.S. will continue to represent a significant portion of Net sales. The additional risks associated with Hospira's operations outside the U.S. include:

•

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates (for a discussion of the ways and extent to which Hospira attempts to mitigate such risk, see "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of this report);

•

multiple legal or regulatory requirements that are subject to change, which may delay or deter Hospira's international product commercialization efforts;

•

differing local medical practices, product preferences and product requirements, or changing government reimbursement practices;

•

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements or other controls or restrictions;

•

difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing operations outside the U.S.;

•

differing labor regulations or work stoppages, strikes, slow-downs or other forms of labor or union activity at Hospira's facilities or its suppliers' facilities;

•

complying with laws and regulations that apply to international operations, including trade laws, anti-bribery laws including the U.S. FCPA, and the U.K. Bribery Act, and anti-boycott laws;

•

loss of business through government tenders that are held annually in many cases or through other government action;

•

potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws, including legislative changes concerning taxation of income earned outside of the U.S.;

•

the adverse impact on Hospira's operations from existing or future economic instability;

•

disruption or destruction of operations in a significant geographic area, due to the location of manufacturing facilities, distribution facilities or customers or lack of reliable transportation to move supplies and products to market, caused 

23

by natural disasters, political instability, public unrest or protests, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist activities or military action, and the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; and

•

diminished or insufficient protection of intellectual property in some countries outside of the U.S.

In addition, Hospira operates in many countries outside the U.S. through distributors or through a direct sales presence, and those countries may have been assigned a low Corruption Perception Index indicating a high level of corruption by Transparency International (a non-governmental agency that monitors and publicizes corporate and political corruption in international development). While Hospira has programs in place to ensure compliance with the laws and regulations impacting Hospira and its distributors, if it were determined that Hospira or a distributor was not in compliance with certain laws and regulations, Hospira could be subject to civil and/or criminal liability and other material adverse effects. Hospira's success in certain international markets will depend on the efforts and performance of its distributors. Moreover, if certain of those distributor relationships are unsuccessful, the costs to terminate such distributor relationship and/or to re-establish a customer base could adversely affect Hospira's profitability in certain regions. These risks could have an adverse effect on Hospira's ability to distribute and sell its products in markets outside the U.S. and could adversely affect Hospira's profitability.

A portion of Hospira's manufacturing facilities are located in India and are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties arising in that country. These uncertainties create risks of disruption that could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's business or operating results.

Hospira owns, or relies upon, manufacturing operations in India, including:

•

a beta-lactam antibiotic manufacturing complex and pharmaceutical research and development facility located in Chennai, India;

•

the Vizag specialty injectable manufacturing facility which is being constructed, with the first commercial production expected by the end of 2014 with production increasing over the course of the next several years;

•

an unconsolidated joint venture with ZHOPL, which operates a manufacturing facility in a special economic zone outside of Ahmedabad, India; and

•

Orchid's continued supply of APIs.

In addition, we have entered into an agreement with Orchid to acquire its penem and penicillin API business, which includes a manufacturing facility located in Aurangabad, India and a research and development facility based in Chennai, India.

Various factors, such as pending elections for the National Parliament and several state legislatures, general inflationary pressures on food and fuel prices, and possible protest or civil unrest associated with government action, could involve significant changes in the social and business climate in India, with possible disruptions in Indian business and economic conditions and Hospira's Indian business operations. In addition, Hospira's financial performance may be adversely affected by general economic conditions and economic and fiscal policy in India, including changes in exchange rates and controls, interest rates and taxation policies, as well as social stability and political, economic or diplomatic developments affecting India in the future. In particular, India has experienced significant economic growth over the last several years, but faces major challenges in sustaining that growth in the years ahead. These challenges include the need for substantial infrastructure development and improving access to healthcare and education. Hospira's ability to recruit, train and retain qualified employees and develop and operate its' manufacturing facilities could be adversely affected if India does not successfully meet these challenges.

Hospira could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other worldwide anti-bribery laws. 

The FCPA and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or other commercial advantage. Hospira’s policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, which often carry substantial penalties, including criminal and civil fines, potential loss of export licenses, possible suspension of the ability to do business with the federal government, denial of government reimbursement for products and exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs. Hospira operates in jurisdictions that have experienced governmental and private sector corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with certain local customs and practices. Hospira cannot assure that its internal control policies and procedures always will protect it from reckless or other inappropriate acts committed by its affiliates, employees or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's business, financial position and results of operations.

24

Hospira is involved in various lawsuits and proceedings that could negatively affect its business.

Hospira is involved in various claims and legal proceedings, including, in some instances, related to when Hospira operated as part of Abbott. In some instances, these claims and proceedings could preclude the continued sale and marketing of Hospira's products or otherwise adversely affect operations, profitability or liquidity. In addition, Hospira has been named as a defendant in class action lawsuits and shareholder derivative lawsuits. See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements included in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this report for more information regarding these lawsuits. These matters could have an adverse effect on Hospira's business, profitability or financial condition. In addition, there could be an increase in the scope of these matters and there could be additional lawsuits, claims, proceedings or investigations in the future. In light of these uncertainties, Hospira cannot assure that the outcome of these matters will not result in charges in excess of any established accruals.

In the past, Hospira has been involved in investigations related to improper marketing and pricing practices with respect to certain Medicare and Medicaid reimbursable products. Hospira could be subject to these investigations or lawsuits again in the future, and these matters could have an adverse impact on Hospira.

Hospira may incur product liability losses, or become subject to other lawsuits related to its business, and insurance coverage could be inadequate or unavailable to cover these losses.

Hospira's business is subject to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, development, manufacture and marketing of drugs, medical devices and its other products. In the ordinary course of business, Hospira is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that its products have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury to patients. Product liability claims and lawsuits, safety alerts, product recalls or corrective actions, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's business and reputation and on its ability to attract and retain customers.

Hospira is responsible for all liabilities, including liabilities for claims and lawsuits, related to its business, whether they arose before or after the spin-off, other than certain liabilities relating to allegations that it engaged in improper marketing and pricing practices in connection with federal, state or private reimbursement for its products. As part of Hospira's risk management policy, Hospira carries third‑party product liability insurance coverage, which includes a substantial retention or deductible providing that Hospira will not receive insurance proceeds until the losses incurred exceed the amount of that retention or deductible. To the extent that any losses are within these retentions or deductibles, Hospira will be responsible for the administration and payment of these losses. Product liability or other claims in excess of applicable insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on Hospira's profitability and financial condition.

Changes in the funded status or costs of Hospira's pension or other post-retirement benefit plans could adversely affect Hospira's financial position and results of operations.

The funded status of Hospira's pension and other post-retirement benefit plans are subject to developments and changes in actuarial and other related assumptions. Decreases in the valuation of plan assets, particularly with respect to equity securities, and a change in the actual rate of return on plan assets can result in significant changes to the expected return on plan assets in the following year and, as a consequence, could result in higher funding requirements and net periodic benefit costs. In addition, changes in assumptions, such as discount rates, mortality rates, healthcare cost trend rates and other factors, may lead to significant increases in the value of the respective obligations. Assumption changes could affect the reported funded status of Hospira's plans and, as a result, could result in higher funding requirements and net periodic benefit costs. All of these factors could have an adverse effect on Hospira's financial position and results of operations.

Income taxes can have an unpredictable effect on Hospira's results of operations and result in greater-than-anticipated liabilities.

Hospira is subject to income taxes in a variety of jurisdictions, and its tax structure is subject to review by both domestic and foreign taxation authorities. Because Hospira's income tax expense for any period depends heavily on the mix of income derived from the various taxing jurisdictions during that period, which is inherently uncertain, its income tax expense and reported net income may fluctuate significantly, and may be materially different than forecasted. In addition, operations in certain jurisdictions have and may continue to operate at a loss requiring management estimates of expected utilizations of the related deferred tax assets in future years. Due to continued losses in operations in India, Australia and the U.S., the deferred tax assets have undergone assessment of available evidence for future realization. Should these operations fail to reach appropriate levels of profitability, these estimates could periodically change, necessitating the establishment of valuation 

25

allowances against these deferred tax assets, which could be significant, and increasing tax expense. Moreover, changes in or interpretations of tax laws and regulations (including laws related to the remittance of foreign earnings), changes in investments in foreign countries with favorable tax rates, and settlements of federal, state and foreign tax audits, may affect Hospira's profitability and financial condition.

Hospira is the beneficiary of tax exemptions in certain jurisdictions outside the U.S., where a portion of its income is earned. These tax exemptions have a significant impact on reducing Hospira's overall effective tax rate. If Hospira is unable to maintain these tax exemptions, Hospira's future profitability may be reduced. Significant legislative changes have been proposed in the U.S. that could impact the actual benefit of income earned in lower taxed jurisdictions; we cannot determine if these proposed changes will be enacted. Any changes in laws or governmental policies can materially affect the future availability or the benefit of these exemptions.

Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and in evaluating tax positions that are subject to audits and adjustments. Liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits are established when, despite Hospira's belief that the tax return positions are fully supportable, positions taken by Hospira are likely to be challenged based on the applicable tax authority's determination of the positions. Although Hospira believes its tax provisions and related asset and liability balances are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in its financial statements and may materially affect its financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made.

The stock market can be volatile and fluctuations in Hospira's operating results, as well as other factors, could cause its stock price to decline.

The stock market has experienced, and may continue to experience, fluctuations, which significantly impact the market prices of securities issued by many companies. Market fluctuations could adversely affect Hospira's stock price. Moreover, Hospira's sales and operating results may fluctuate and vary from period to period due to the risk factors set forth herein. As a result, period-to-period comparisons should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Hospira's stock price could fluctuate significantly in response to its quarterly or annual results, annual projections and the impact of these risk factors on Hospira's operating results or financial position.