The statements in this section
describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

16 

Forward Looking Statements 

Our disclosure and analysis in this 2008 Form 10-K and in our 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management’s plans and
assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current
facts. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify each such statement by using words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,”
“will,” “target,” “forecast” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future
acquisitions or dispositions, future capital expenditure plans, future performance or results of current and anticipated expenses, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, or the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings. 

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statements will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions.
Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions, including the risk factors discussed below. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove
inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. 

We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are
advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make or related subjects in our 10-Q and 8-K reports to the SEC. Also note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions
relevant to our businesses. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or
uncertainties. 

Financial Risks and Risks of Operation 

Current economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

The United States
economy is currently in the midst of a recession and the future economic environment is likely to be less favorable than that of recent years. This recession has and could further lead to reduced consumer and commercial spending in the foreseeable
future. The performance of the lodging industry has historically been closely linked with the performance of the general economy and, specifically, growth in the United States gross domestic product, business investment and employment growth. As a
result, the lodging industry may experience significant downturns in connection with, or in anticipation of, declines in general economic conditions. In addition, the vast majority of our hotels are classified as luxury or upper-upscale hotels. In
an economic downturn, these types of hotels are likely to be more susceptible to a decrease in revenue, as compared to hotels in other categories that have lower room rates. Declines in demand and in consumer and commercial spending may drive us and
our competitors to reduce pricing, which would have a negative impact on our gross profit. A continued weakening of the economy may adversely and materially affect our industry, business and results of operations and we can not accurately predict
how severe and prolonged any downturn might be. Moreover, reduced revenues as a result of the weakening economy may also reduce our working capital and impact our long-term business strategy. 

Our revenues and the value of our properties are also subject to other conditions affecting the lodging industry. 

The lodging industry is also subject to changes in travel patterns of business and leisure travelers, both of which are affected by the strength of the
economy, as discussed above, as well as other factors. Changes in travel 

17 

patterns of both business and leisure travelers may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and adversely affect our results. Our results of
operations, and any forecast we make, may be affected and can change based on the following risks: 

•

 changes in the international, national, regional and local economic climate; 

•

 changes in business and leisure travel patterns; 

•

 the effect of terrorist attacks and terror alerts in the United States and internationally, as well as other geopolitical disturbances 

•

 supply growth in markets where we own hotels which may adversely affect demand at our properties; 

•

 the attractiveness of our hotels to consumers relative to our competition; 

•

 the performance of the managers of our hotels; 

•

 changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors; and 

•

 unionization of the labor force at our hotels. 

The recent disruptions in the financial markets may adversely affect our business and results of operations, our ability to obtain financing on reasonable and acceptable terms, our ability to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk and
the market price of our common stock. 

The United States and global stock and credit markets have recently experienced significant price
volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which have caused market prices of many stocks to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective and outstanding debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances have materially
impacted liquidity in the financial markets, making terms for certain financings materially less attractive, and in some cases have resulted in the lack of availability of certain types of financing. Continued uncertainty in the stock and credit
markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional short-term and long-term financing on reasonable terms or at all, which would negatively impact our liquidity and financial condition. A prolonged downturn in the stock or credit markets
may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing, and may require us to adjust our business operations accordingly. In addition, if one or more of the financial institutions that support our existing credit facility
fails, we may not be able to find a replacement, which would negatively impact our ability to borrow under the credit facility. Similarly, if one or more of the financial institutions that support our currency hedging arrangements fails, we may not
be able to find a replacement, which would negatively impact our ability to hedge the foreign currency exchange risk relating to our international operations and may cause a default under our existing financing agreements. These disruptions in the
financial markets also may adversely affect our credit rating and the market value of our common stock. In addition, if the current pressures on credit continue or worsen, we may not be able to refinance, if necessary, our outstanding debt when due,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business. While we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, debt servicing and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future, if our
operating results worsen significantly and our cash flow or capital resources prove inadequate, or if interest rates increase significantly, we could face liquidity problems that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. 

We depend on external sources of capital for future growth and we may be unable to access capital when necessary.

Unlike regular C corporations, we must finance our growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because we are required to
distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income (other than net capital gain) in order to qualify as a REIT, including taxable income we recognize for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which we do not receive cash. Our
ability to access the external capital we require could be hampered by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including 

18 

declining credit market conditions as discussed above, unfavorable market perception of our growth potential, decreases in our current and estimated future
earnings, or decreases in the market price of Host’s common stock. In addition, our ability to access additional capital may also be limited by the terms of our existing indebtedness, which, under certain circumstances, restricts our incurrence
of debt and the payment of distributions. The occurrence of any of these above-mentioned factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us from being able to obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us or at all
and the failure to obtain necessary external capital could have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance our future growth. 

We have
substantial debt. 

As of December 31, 2008, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $6.0 billion. Our
substantial indebtedness has important consequences. It currently requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital,
capital expenditures, expansion efforts, dividends and other general purposes. Additionally, it could: 

•

 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 

•

 limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general business
purposes on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or 

•

 affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. 

If our cash flow and working capital were not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we would have to raise additional funds
through: 

•

 sales of our equity; 

•

 the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host LP; or 

•

 the sale of our assets. 

We cannot
make any assurances that any of these sources of funds would be available to us or, if available, would be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient to meet our obligations or fulfill our business plan. 

The terms of our debt place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, reducing operational flexibility and creating default risks. 

The documents governing the terms of our existing senior notes and our credit facility contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our
subsidiaries. These covenants restrict, among other things, our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: 

•

 conduct acquisitions, mergers or consolidations unless the successor entity in such transaction assumes our indebtedness; 

•

 incur additional debt in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; 

•

 create liens securing indebtedness, unless an effective provision is made to secure our other indebtedness by such liens; 

•

 sell assets without using the proceeds from such sales for certain permitted uses or to make an offer to repay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness;

•

 make capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds; 

19 

•

 pay dividends without satisfying certain financial metrics; and 

•

 conduct transactions with affiliates other than on an arms length basis and, in certain instances, without obtaining opinions as to the fairness of such
transactions. 

In addition, certain covenants in the credit facility require us and our subsidiaries to meet financial
performance tests. If we fail to meet such tests, the restrictive covenants in the applicable indenture(s), the credit facility and the documents governing our other debt (including our mortgage debt) will reduce our flexibility in conducting our
operations and will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the
acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our debt. For a detailed description of the covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations—Financial Condition”. 

Our ability to pay dividends may be limited or prohibited by the terms of our indebtedness or
preferred stock. 

We are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and instruments that restrict or prevent the payment of
dividends on our classes and series of capital stock. Under the terms of Host LP’s credit facility and senior notes indenture, distributions to Host by Host LP, upon which Host depends in order to obtain the cash necessary to pay dividends, are
permitted only to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, Host LP can satisfy certain financial covenant tests (concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage) and meet other requirements. 

In addition, under the terms of our outstanding Class E Preferred Stock, we are not permitted to pay dividends on our common stock unless all cumulative
dividends have been paid (or funds for payment have been set aside for payment). The amount of aggregate dividends that accrue on the Class E Preferred Stock each quarter is approximately $2.2 million. In the event that we fail to pay the
accrued dividends on our Class E Preferred Stock for any reason, including any restriction on paying such dividends under the terms of our debt instruments (as discussed above), dividends will continue to accrue on such preferred stock and we will
be prohibited from paying any dividends on our common stock until all such accrued but unpaid dividends on our Class E Preferred Stock have been paid (or funds for such payment have been set aside). 

Defaulting on our mortgage debt could adversely affect our business. 

As of December 31, 2008, 14 of our hotels and assets related thereto are subject to mortgages in an aggregate amount of approximately $1.4 billion. Although the debt is generally non-recourse to us, if these
hotels do not produce adequate cash flow to service the debt secured by such mortgages, the mortgage lenders could call a default on these assets. Generally, we would expect to negotiate with the lender prior to the occurrence of a default in the
pursuit of other options such as a deed in lieu of foreclosure. However, we may opt to allow such default to occur rather than make the necessary mortgage payments with funds from other sources. Host LP’s senior notes indenture and credit
facility contain cross-default provisions, which, depending upon the amount of secured debt in default, could cause a cross-default under both of these agreements. Host LP’s credit facility, which contains a more restrictive cross-default
provision than the senior notes indenture, provides that a credit facility default occurs in the event Host LP defaults on non-recourse secured indebtedness in excess of 1% of its total assets (using undepreciated real estate values), or defaults on
other indebtedness in excess of $50 million. For this and other reasons, permitting a default could adversely affect our long-term business prospects. 

Our mortgage debt contains provisions that may reduce our liquidity. 

Certain of our mortgage debt requires that, to the
extent cash flow from the hotels which secure such debt drops below stated levels, we escrow cash flow after the payment of debt service until operations improve above the stated levels. In some cases, the lender has the right to apply the escrowed
amount to the outstanding balance 

20 

of the mortgage debt. When such provisions are triggered, there can be no assurance that the affected properties will achieve the minimum cash flow levels
required to trigger a release of any escrowed funds. The amounts required to be escrowed may be material and may negatively affect our liquidity by limiting our access to cash flow after debt service from these mortgaged properties. 

An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on our credit facility and any variable rate debt we incur and could adversely impact our ability to
refinance existing debt or sell assets. 

For borrowings on our credit facility and the $300 million mortgage on our Orlando World Center
Marriott, interest payments are based on floating rates. To the extent we draw on the credit facility, an increase in interest rates will reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes including investments in our portfolio. Further,
rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures and increase interest costs on any debt that is refinanced. We may from time to time enter into agreements such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other
interest rate hedging contracts. While these agreements may lessen the impact of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that the agreements will be unenforceable. In addition,
an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to dispose of assets as part of our business strategy. 

Rating agency downgrades may increase our cost of capital.

Both our senior notes and our preferred stock are rated by Moody’s Investors’ Service, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings. These independent rating agencies may elect to downgrade their ratings on our senior notes
and our preferred stock at any time. Such downgrades may negatively affect our access to the capital markets and increase our cost of capital. 

Our
expenses may not decrease if our revenue decreases. 

Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt
service payments, property taxes, insurance, utilities, and employee wages and benefits, are relatively inflexible and do not necessarily decrease in tandem with a reduction in revenue at the hotels. Our expenses will also be affected by
inflationary increases, and certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period and, in the event of a significant decrease in demand, we may not be able to downsize employees to decrease wages
and benefits. Our managers may be unable to offset any such increased expenses with higher room rates. Any of our efforts to reduce operating costs or failure to make scheduled capital expenditures could also adversely affect the future growth of
our business and the value of our hotel properties. 

Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity,
financial position and/or results of operations. 

As part of our business strategy, we seek to acquire luxury and upper upscale hotel