The
statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Financial Risks and Risks of Operation 

Our revenues and the value of our properties are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry. 

The lodging industry is subject to changes in the travel patterns of business and leisure travelers, both of which are affected by the
strength of the economy, as well as other factors. Changes in travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and adversely affect our results. During the recession in 2008 and 2009,
overall travel was reduced, which had a significant effect on our results of operations. While operating results improved during 2010 and 2011, uncertainty in the strength and direction of the recovery and continued high unemployment have slowed the
pace of the overall economic recovery. Therefore, there can be no assurance that any increases in hotel revenues or earnings at our properties will continue for any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, slower than anticipated growth in
the economy. Our results of operations and any forecast we make, may be affected by, and can change based on, a variety of circumstances that affect the lodging industry, including: 

•

 changes in the international, national, regional and local economic climate; 

•

 changes in business and leisure travel patterns; 

•

 the effect of terrorist attacks and terror alerts in the United States and internationally, as well as other geopolitical disturbances;

•

 supply growth in markets where we own hotels, which may adversely affect demand at our properties; 

•

 the attractiveness of our hotels to consumers relative to competing hotels; 

•

 the performance of the managers of our hotels; 

•

 outbreaks of disease and the impact on travel of natural disasters and weather; 

•

 changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors; and 

•

 unionization of the labor force at our hotels. 

A reduction in our revenue or earnings as a result of the above risks may reduce our working capital, impact our long-term business strategy, and impact the value of our assets and our ability to meet
certain covenants in our existing debt agreements. 

Disruptions in the financial markets may adversely affect our business and results
of operations, our ability to obtain financing on reasonable and acceptable terms, and our ability to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. 

The United States and global equity and credit markets have at times experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions since 2008, all of which caused market prices of the
stocks of many companies to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective and outstanding debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances impacted liquidity in the financial markets, which made terms for financings less
attractive, and, in some cases, resulted in the lack of availability of certain types of financing. Conditions in the credit markets improved in 2010 but have become more volatile again starting in the third quarter of 2011. Continued
uncertainty in the equity and credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional short-term and long-term financing on reasonable terms or at all, which would negatively impact our liquidity and financial condition. A prolonged
downturn in the stock or credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing and may negatively impact our ability to enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge risks associated with changes in
interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. Disruptions in the financial markets also may adversely affect our credit rating. While we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity with which to meet our anticipated requirements for working
capital, debt service and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future, if our operating results weaken significantly and our cash flow or capital resources prove inadequate, or if interest rates increase significantly, we could face liquidity
problems that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

18 

Table of Contents

Concerns regarding the downgrade of the U.S. credit rating and the sovereign debt crisis in Europe
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and liquidity. 

On August 5, 2011,
Standard & Poor’s lowered its long term sovereign credit rating on the United States of America from AAA to AA+. While U.S. lawmakers reached agreement to raise the federal debt ceiling on August 2, 2011, the downgrade reflected
Standard & Poor’s view that the fiscal consolidation plan within that agreement fell short of what would be necessary to stabilize the U.S. government’s medium term debt dynamics. This downgrade could have material adverse impacts
on financial markets and economic conditions in the United States and throughout the world and, in turn, the market’s anticipation of these impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and liquidity. In
particular, it could disrupt payment systems, money markets, long-term or short-term fixed income markets, foreign exchange markets, commodities markets and equity markets and adversely affect the cost and availability of funding and certain
impacts, such as increased spreads in money market and other short term rates, some of which have been experienced already. Because of the unprecedented nature of negative credit rating actions with respect to U.S. government obligations, the
ultimate impacts on global markets and our business, financial condition and liquidity are unpredictable and may not be immediately apparent. 

On January 13, 2012, Standard & Poor’s lowered its long term sovereign credit rating on France, Italy and seven other European countries, which has negatively impacted global markets
and economic conditions. The continued uncertainty over the outcome of these governments and other European Union (“EU”) member states financial support programs and the possibility that other EU member states may experience similar
financial troubles could further disrupt global markets. In particular, it has and could in the future disrupt equity markets and result in volatile bond yields on the sovereign debt of EU members. These factors could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and liquidity. We have properties in some EU member states, held through our European joint venture, that have experienced difficulties servicing their sovereign debt, including Italy and Spain, and the results of
operations at those hotels also could be adversely affected. 

Economic conditions may adversely affect the value of our hotels which may
result in impairment charges on our properties. 

We analyze our assets for impairment in several situations, including
when a property has current or projected losses from operations, when it becomes more likely than not that a hotel will be sold before the end of its previously estimated useful life, or when other material trends, contingencies or changes in
circumstances indicate that a triggering event has occurred, such that an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. For impaired assets, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the property’s carrying value over its fair
value. Our operating results for 2009 and 2011 included $131 million and $8 million, respectively, of impairment charges related to our consolidated hotels and the investment in our European joint venture. We may incur additional
impairment charges in the future, which charges will negatively affect our results of operations. We can provide no assurance that any impairment loss recognized would not be material to our results of operations. See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies.” 

We depend on external
sources of capital for future growth and we may be unable to access capital when necessary.

Unlike regular C
corporations, Host Inc. must finance its growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because it is required to distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its taxable income (other than net capital gain) in order to
qualify as a REIT, including taxable income recognized for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which it does not receive cash. Funds used by Host Inc. to make required distributions are provided through distributions from Host L.P. Our
ability to access external capital could be hampered by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including credit market conditions as discussed above, unfavorable market perception of our growth potential, decreases in our
current and estimated future earnings, or decreases in the market price of the common stock of Host Inc. Our ability to access additional 

19 

Table of Contents

capital also may be limited by the terms of our existing indebtedness which, under certain circumstances, restrict our incurrence of debt and the payment of dividends and Host L.P. distributions.
The occurrence of any of these factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us from being able to obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to finance our future growth. 

We have substantial debt and may incur additional debt. 

As of December 31, 2011, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $5.75 billion. Our substantial
indebtedness requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, dividends and
distributions and other general corporate needs. Additionally, our substantial indebtedness could: 

•

 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 

•

 limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or to obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other
general corporate needs on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or 

•

 affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. 

If our cash flow and working capital are not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we will have to raise
additional funds through: 

•

 sales of our OP units or common stock; 

•

 the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host L.P.; or 

•

 the sale of our assets. 

We cannot make any assurances that any of these sources of funds will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient to meet our obligations
or fulfill our business plan. Under certain circumstances we would be required to use the cash from some of the events described above to repay other indebtedness. 

The terms of our debt place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries and these restrictions reduce our operational flexibility and create default risks. 

The documents governing the terms of our existing senior notes and our credit facility contain covenants that place restrictions on us
and our subsidiaries. These covenants restrict, among other things, our ability to: 

•

 conduct acquisitions, mergers or consolidations, unless the successor entity in such transaction assumes our indebtedness;

•

 incur additional debt in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; 

•

 create liens securing indebtedness, unless an effective provision is made to secure our other indebtedness by such liens; 

•

 sell assets without using the proceeds from such sales for certain permitted uses or to make an offer to repay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness;

•

 make distributions without satisfying certain financial metrics; and 

•

 conduct transactions with affiliates other than on an arm’s length basis and, in certain instances, without obtaining opinions as to the fairness
of such transactions. 

In addition, certain covenants in our credit facility also require us and our
subsidiaries to meet financial performance tests. The restrictive covenants in the applicable indenture(s), the credit facility and the documents governing our other debt (including our mortgage debt) will reduce our flexibility in conducting our
operations and will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the
acceleration 

20 

Table of Contents

of all or a substantial portion of our debt. For a detailed description of the covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Financial Condition.” 

Our ability to pay dividends
and to make distributions may be limited or prohibited by the terms of our indebtedness or preferred units. 

We are,
and may in the future become, party to agreements and instruments that restrict or prevent the payment of dividends on classes and series of Host Inc. capital stock and Host L.P.’s payment of distributions on its classes of units. Under the
terms of Host L.P.’s credit facility and senior notes indenture, distributions to Host L.P. unitholders, including Host Inc., upon which Host Inc. depends in order to obtain the cash necessary to pay dividends, are permitted only to the extent
that Host L.P. can satisfy certain financial covenant tests (concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage) and meet other requirements. We are permitted under our credit facility and senior notes indenture to make
distributions of estimated taxable income that are necessary to maintain Host Inc.’s REIT status. 

Under the terms of
Host L.P.’s outstanding preferred OP units, we are not permitted to make distributions on our common OP units unless all cumulative distributions have been paid (or funds for payment have been set aside for payment) on our preferred OP units.
In the event that we fail to pay the accrued distributions on our preferred OP units for any reason, including any restriction on making such distributions under the terms of our debt instruments (as discussed above), distributions will continue to
accrue on such preferred OP units and we will be prohibited from making any distributions on our common OP units until all such accrued but unpaid distributions on our preferred OP units have been paid (or funds for such payment have been set
aside). 

An increase in interest rates would increase the interest costs on our credit facility and on our floating rate debt and could
adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt or sell assets. 

Interest payments for borrowings on our
credit facility, the mortgages on nine properties and the fixed-to- floating interest rate swaps linked to two other properties are based on floating rates. As a result, an increase in interest rates will reduce our cash flow available for other
corporate purposes, including investments in our portfolio. Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures and increase interest costs on any debt that is refinanced. We may from time to time enter
into agreements such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate hedging contracts. Currently, all of the mortgages with floating rates, which are secured by nine of our hotel properties, are fully or partially hedged through the
use of floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps or interest rate caps and floors. While these agreements may lessen the impact of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that the
agreements will be unenforceable. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to dispose of assets as part of our business strategy. 

Rating agency downgrades may increase our cost of capital.

Our senior notes are rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services and Fitch Ratings. These independent rating agencies may elect to downgrade their ratings on
our senior notes at any time. Such downgrades may affect negatively our access to the capital markets and increase our cost of capital. 

Our expenses may not decrease if our revenue decreases. 

Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt-service payments, property taxes, insurance, utilities, and employee wages and benefits, are relatively inflexible and do not
necessarily decrease in tandem with a reduction in revenue at the hotels. Our expenses also will be affected by inflationary increases, and certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period.
In the event of a significant decrease in demand, we may not be able to reduce the size of hotel work forces in order to decrease wages and benefits. Our managers also may be unable to offset any such increased expenses with higher room rates. Any
of our efforts to reduce operating costs or failure to make scheduled capital expenditures also could adversely affect the future growth of our business and the value of our hotel properties. 

21 

Table of Contents

Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity,
financial position and/or results of operations. 

As part of our business strategy, we seek to acquire luxury and
upper upscale hotel properties. We may acquire properties through various structures, including transactions involving portfolios, single assets, joint ventures and acquisitions of all or substantially all of the securities or assets of other REITs
or similar real estate entities. We anticipate that our acquisitions will be financed through a combination of methods, including proceeds from Host Inc. equity offerings, issuance of limited partnership interests of Host L.P., advances under our
credit facility, the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness and proceeds from the sales of assets. Continued disruptions in credit markets may limit our ability to finance acquisitions and may limit the ability of purchasers to finance hotels and
adversely affect our disposition strategy and our ability to use disposition proceeds to finance acquisitions. 

We may, from
time to time, be in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating possible acquisition transactions. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize
the benefits that we anticipate from such acquisitions. Our inability to consummate one or more acquisitions on such terms, or our failure to realize the intended benefits from one or more acquisitions, could have a significant adverse effect on our
business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations, including as a result of our forfeiture of deposits in connection with our failure to consummate an acquisition or our incurrence of additional indebtedness and related interest
expense and our assumption of unforeseen contingent liabilities in connection with completed acquisitions. 

We do not control our hotel
operations and we are dependent on the managers of our hotels. 

We have entered into management agreements with
third-party managers to operate our hotel properties. Our cash flow from our hotels may be adversely affected if our managers fail to provide quality services and amenities or if they or their affiliates fail to maintain a quality brand name. While
we monitor the hotel managers’ performance, we have limited recourse under our management agreements if we believe that the hotel managers are not performing adequately. In addition, from time to time, we have had, and continue to have,
differences with the managers of our hotels over their performance and compliance with the terms of our management agreements. We generally resolve issues with our managers through discussions and negotiations. However, if we are unable to reach
satisfactory results through discussions and negotiations, we may choose to litigate the dispute or submit the matter to third-party dispute resolution. Failure by our hotel managers to fully perform the duties agreed to in our management agreements
could adversely affect our results of operations. Our hotel managers or their affiliates manage, and in some cases own, have invested in, or provided credit support or operating guarantees to hotels that compete with our hotels, all of which may
result in conflicts of interest. As a result, our hotel managers have in the past made, and may in the future make, decisions regarding competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interest. 

We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor.

Our third-party managers are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. Although
we do not directly employ or manage employees at our consolidated hotels (other than at our New Zealand and Australian properties), we still are subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force, particularly
those hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted as a result of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. We also may incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs
as a result of contract disputes or other events. The resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating
costs. We do not have the ability to affect the outcome of these negotiations. 

22 

Table of Contents

Our hotels have an ongoing need for renovations and potentially significant capital expenditures in
order to remain competitive in the marketplace, maintain brand standards or to comply with applicable laws or regulations. The timing and costs of such renovations or improvements may result in reduced operating performance during construction and
may not improve the return on these investments. 

We are required by our loan agreements or agreements with our hotel
managers to make agreed upon capital expenditures. In addition, we will need to make further capital expenditures in order to remain competitive with other hotels, to maintain the economic value of our hotels and to comply with applicable laws and
regulations. The timing of these improvements can affect hotel performance, particularly if the improvements require closures of a significant number of rooms or other features of the hotels, such as ballrooms, meeting space and restaurants. These
capital improvements reduce the availability of cash for other purposes and are subject to cost overruns and delays. In addition, because we depend on external sources of capital, we may not have the necessary funds to invest and, if we fail to
maintain our properties in accordance with brand standards set by our managers, the manager may terminate the management agreement. Moreover, we may not necessarily realize a significant, or any, improvement in the performance of the hotels in which
we make these investments. 

The ownership of hotels outside the United States and the expansion of our business into new markets outside
of the United States will expose us to risks relating to owning hotels in those foreign markets. 

Part of our business
strategy is to expand our presence outside of the United States. As of December 31, 2011, we own directly 16 hotels located outside the United States. We also are party to a joint venture that owns 13 hotels in Europe and to a joint venture
that owns a non-controlling interest in seven hotels in development in India. We may have difficulty managing our expansion into new geographic markets where we have limited knowledge and understanding of the local economy, an absence of business
relationships in the area, or unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures and regulations. There are risks inherent in conducting business outside of the United States, which include: 

•

 employment laws and practices; 

•

 tax laws, which may provide for income or other taxes or tax rates that exceed those of the U.S. and which may provide that foreign earnings that are
repatriated, directly or indirectly, are subject to dividend withholding tax requirements or other restrictions; 

•

 compliance with and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements or monetary policy; 

•

 the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing and changes in the availability, cost and terms of such financing;

•

 adverse changes in local, political, economic and market conditions; 

•

 insurance coverage related to terrorist events; 

•

 changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates; 

•

 regulations regarding the incurrence of debt; and 

•

 difficulties in complying with U.S. rules governing REITs while operating outside of the United States. 

Any of these factors could affect adversely our ability to obtain all of the intended benefits of our foreign country expansion. If we do
not effectively manage this expansion and successfully integrate the foreign hotels into our organization, our operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

We may acquire hotel properties through joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts. 

We have made investments in joint ventures in Europe and Asia and are exploring further investment opportunities in Asia, Europe and Latin America. We may, from time to time, invest as a co-venturer in
other entities holding hotel properties instead of purchasing hotel properties directly. Investments in joint ventures may involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might
become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Co-venturers often share control over the operation of a joint venture. Actions by a co-venturer also could subject the assets to additional risks as a result of any of
the following circumstances: 

•

 our co-venturer might have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our, or the joint venture’s, interests or goals; or

•

 our co-venturer may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests, or contrary to our policies or objectives.

23 

Table of Contents

Although generally we will seek to maintain sufficient control of any joint venture in order
to permit our objectives to be achieved, we might not be able to take action without the approval of our joint venture partners. Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our
expenses and prevent our officers from focusing their time and effort on our business. 

Our management agreements could affect the sale
or financing of our hotels.

Under the terms of our management agreements, we generally may not sell, lease or
otherwise transfer our hotels unless the transferee is not a competitor of the manager and the transferee assumes the related management agreements and meets specified other conditions. Our ability to finance or sell our properties, depending upon
the structure of such transactions, may require the manager’s consent. If the manager does not consent to such sale or financing, we may be precluded from taking actions in our best interest. 

Our mortgage debt contains provisions that may reduce our liquidity. 

Certain of our mortgage debt requires that, to the extent cash flow from the hotels which secure such debt drops below stated levels, we
escrow cash flow after the payment of debt service until operations improve above the stated levels. In some cases, the lender has the right under certain circumstances to apply the escrowed amount to the outstanding balance of the mortgage debt. If
such provisions are triggered, there can be no assurance that the affected properties will achieve the minimum cash flow levels required to trigger a release of any escrowed funds. The amounts required to be escrowed may affect negatively our
liquidity by limiting our access to cash flow after debt service from these mortgaged properties. 

We may not be able to recover fully
under our existing terrorism insurance for losses caused by some types of terrorist acts, and federal terrorism legislation does not ensure that we will be able to obtain terrorism insurance in adequate amounts or at acceptable premium levels in the
future. 

We obtain terrorism insurance as part of our all-risk property insurance program, as well as our general
liability and directors’ and officers’ coverage. However, our all-risk policies have limitations, such as per occurrence limits, annual aggregate coverage limits and sublimits, all of which might have to be shared proportionally across
participating hotels under certain loss scenarios. Also, all-risk insurers only have to provide terrorism coverage to the extent mandated by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (“TRIPRA”). Property damage related to
war and to nuclear, radiological, biological and chemical incidents is excluded under our policies. While TRIPRA will reimburse insurers for losses resulting from nuclear, radiological, biological and chemical perils, TRIPRA does not require
insurers to offer coverage for these perils and, to date, insurers are not willing to provide this coverage, even with government reinsurance. We have a wholly-owned captive insurance company through which we obtain a policy for nuclear, biological,
chemical and radiological (“NBCR”) coverage. This captive insurer has the same ability as other insurance companies to apply to the U.S. Treasury for reimbursement, as provided for in TRIPRA, and is subject to the same deductibles and
co-insurance obligations. This potential reimbursement applies to property insurance only, and not to general liability or directors’ and officers’ insurance, and there are no assurances that we will be able to recover any or all of our
NBCR losses under this program. 

We may be unable to satisfy the insurance requirements of our lenders. 

Certain of the mortgage debt agreements for our properties and properties held by our European joint venture require us to maintain
property insurance provided by carriers maintaining minimum ratings from Standard & Poor’s, A.M. Best or other rating agencies. Several of our mortgages contain requirements for the financial strength of insurers to be rated as high as
AA by Standard & Poor’s. Due to upheavals in the financial markets, the number of insurers that carry that rating has been decreasing for a number of years. In 2009, 2010 and 2011, in cases where our insurance carriers did not meet the
minimum financial strength requirements (there were two such cases in 2011), 

24 

Table of Contents

we were able to obtain waivers from the lenders or they have provided written assurances that they are satisfied with the makeup of our pool of insurance providers. We cannot provide assurances
that each of our lenders will continue to be satisfied with our insurance coverage, or with the rating levels of our carriers, or that our carriers will not be downgraded further. If any of these lenders becomes dissatisfied with our insurance
coverage or the ratings of our insurance carriers, they may, on our behalf and in addition to other remedies, elect to procure additional property insurance coverage that meets their ratings requirements. The cost of such additional property
insurance would be borne by the property or properties securing the loans. Also, the premiums associated with such coverage may be considerably higher than those associated with our current insurance coverage. 

Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. 

We, or our hotel managers, carry comprehensive insurance coverage for general liability, property, business interruption and other risks with respect to all of our hotels and other properties. These
policies offer coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary for similar types of properties. Generally, our “all-risk” property policies provide coverage that is available on a per-occurrence basis and that, for each
occurrence, has an overall limit, as well as various sub-limits, on the amount of insurance proceeds we can receive. Sub-limits exist for certain types of claims, such as service interruption, debris removal, expediting costs, landscaping
replacement and natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods and hurricanes, and may be subject to annual aggregate coverage limits. The dollar amounts of these sub-limits are significantly lower than the dollar amounts of the overall coverage
limit. In this regard, hotels in certain of our markets, including California, Florida and New Zealand, have in the past been and continue to be particularly susceptible to damage from natural disasters. Recovery under the applicable policies also
is subject to substantial deductibles and complex calculations of lost business income. There is no assurance that this insurance, where maintained, will fully fund the re-building or restoration of a hotel that is impacted by an earthquake,
hurricane, or other natural disaster, or the income lost as a result of the damage. Our property policies also provide that all of the claims from each of our properties resulting from a particular insurable event must be combined together for
purposes of evaluating whether the aggregate limits and sub-limits contained in our policies have been exceeded and, in the case where the manager of one of our hotels provides this coverage, any such claims will be combined with the claims of other
owners participating in the manager’s program for the same purpose. Therefore, if an insurable event occurs that affects more than one of our hotels, or, in the case of hotels where coverage is provided by the manager, affects hotels owned by
others, the claims from each affected hotel will be added together to determine whether the aggregate limit or sub-limits, depending on the type of claim, have been reached. Each affected hotel only may receive a proportional share of the amount of
insurance proceeds provided for under the policy if the total value of the loss exceeds the aggregate limits available. We may incur losses in excess of insured limits and, as a result, we may be even less likely to receive complete coverage for
risks that affect multiple properties, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, or certain types of terrorism. 

In addition, there are
other risks, such as certain environmental hazards, that may be deemed to fall completely outside the general coverage limits of our policies or may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify coverage. We also may encounter challenges with an
insurance provider regarding whether it will pay a particular claim that we believe to be covered under our policy. Should a loss in excess of insured limits or an uninsured loss occur, or should we be unsuccessful in obtaining coverage from an
insurance carrier, we could lose all or a part of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the hotel. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial
obligations related to the property. 

Litigation judgments or settlements could have a significant adverse effect on our financial
condition. 

We have accrued a potential litigation loss of approximately $56 million in connection
with a lawsuit in the 166
th

 Judicial District Court of
Bexar County, Texas involving the sale of land encumbered by a ground lease for the San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter. See “Legal Proceedings” for more information on the verdict and the status of the appeal. 

We also are involved in various other legal proceedings in the normal course of business and are vigorously defending these claims;
however, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of any pending legal proceedings. We believe, based on currently available information, that the results of such proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, but might be material to our operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period. 

25 

Table of Contents

We also could become the subject of future claims by the operators of our hotels,
individuals or companies who use our hotels, our investors, our joint venture partners or regulating entities and these claims could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and performance. 

We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to hotels or businesses we acquire. 

Assets and entities that we have acquired, or may in the future acquire, may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we
may have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against the sellers. In general, the representations and warranties provided under the transaction agreements may not survive long enough for us to become aware of such liabilities and seek recourse
against our sellers. While usually we require the sellers to indemnify us with respect to breaches of representations and warranties that survive, such indemnification often is limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant
deductible or an aggregate cap on losses. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by the sellers of their representations and warranties. The total amount of costs and expenses that
may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with acquired hotels and entities may exceed our expectations, plus we may experience other unanticipated adverse effects, all of which may adversely affect our revenues, expenses, operating
results and financial condition. Finally, indemnification agreements between us and the sellers typically provide that the sellers will retain certain specified liabilities relating to the assets and entities acquired by us. While the sellers
generally are contractually obligated to pay all losses and other expenses relating to such retained liabilities without regard to survival limitations, materiality thresholds, deductibles or caps on losses, there can be no guarantee that such
arrangements will not require us to incur losses or other expenses in addition to those incurred by the sellers. 

We depend on our key
personnel.

Our success depends on the efforts of our executive officers and other key personnel. None of our key
personnel have employment agreements and we do not maintain key person life insurance for any of our executive officers. We cannot assure you that these key personnel will remain employed by us. While we believe that we could find replacements for
these key personnel, the loss of their services could have a significant adverse effect on our financial performance. 

Exchange rate
fluctuations could affect adversely our financial results. 

As a result of the expansion of our foreign operations,
currency exchange rate fluctuations could affect our results of operations and financial position. We expect to generate an increasing portion of our revenue and expenses in such foreign currencies as the Euro, the Canadian Dollar, the Mexican Peso,
the Australian dollar, the New Zealand dollar, the British Pound, the Polish Zloty, the Brazilian Real and the Chilean Peso. In 2011, these currencies represented approximately 6% of our revenues. Although we may enter into foreign exchange
agreements with financial institutions and/or obtain local currency mortgage debt in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the value of these and other foreign currencies, these transactions, if entered into, will not eliminate that risk
entirely. To the extent that we are unable to match revenue received in foreign currencies with expenses paid in the same currency, exchange rate fluctuations could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
Additionally, because our consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. Dollars, if we generate revenues or earnings in other currencies, the conversion of such amounts into U.S. Dollars can result in an increase or decrease in the amount of
our revenues or earnings. 

Applicable REIT laws may restrict certain business activities. 

As a REIT, Host Inc. is subject to various restrictions on the types of income it can earn, assets it can own and activities in which it
can engage. Business activities that could be impacted by applicable REIT laws include, but are not limited to, activities such as developing alternative uses of real estate, including the development and/or sale of timeshare or condominium units.
Due to these restrictions, we anticipate that we will conduct certain business activities, including those mentioned above, in one or more of our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries are taxable as regular C corporations and are
subject to federal, state, local, and, if applicable, foreign taxation on their taxable income. 

26 

Table of Contents

We may be unable to sell properties because real estate investments are inherently illiquid.

Real estate properties generally cannot be sold quickly and, accordingly, we may not be able to vary our portfolio
promptly in response to economic or other conditions. The inability to respond promptly to changes in the performance of our investments could affect adversely our financial condition and the ability to service our debt. In addition, under the
federal income tax laws applicable to REITs, we may be limited in our ability to recognize the full economic benefit from a sale of our assets. 

Our ground lease payments may increase faster than the revenues we receive on the hotels located on the leased properties. 

As of December 31, 2011, 38 of our hotels are subject to third-party ground leases (encumbering all or a portion of the hotel).
These ground leases generally require periodic increases in ground rent payments, which are often based on economic indicators such as the Consumer Price Index. Our ability to pay ground rent could be adversely affected to the extent that our hotel
revenues do not increase at the same or a greater rate than the increases in rental payments under the ground leases. In addition, if we were to sell a hotel encumbered by a ground lease, the buyer would be required to assume the ground lease, which
may result in a lower sales price. 

Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. 

We believe that our properties comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws. Unidentified environmental liabilities
could arise, however, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and performance. Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or
operator of real estate to investigate and remediate hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at the property. The owner or operator may be required to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage, and for
investigation and remediation costs incurred by the parties in connection with the contamination. These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the
contaminants. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or
operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site. Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos. These laws require that owners or operators of buildings
containing asbestos properly manage and maintain the asbestos, that they notify and train those who may come into contact with asbestos and that they undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, if asbestos would be disturbed
during renovation or demolition of a building. These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal
injury associated with exposure to asbestos fibers. 

Compliance with other government regulations can be costly. 

Our hotels are subject to various other forms of regulation, including Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act
(“ADA”), building codes and regulations pertaining to fire and life safety. Under the ADA, all public accommodations are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. These laws and
regulations may be changed from time-to-time, or new regulations adopted, resulting in additional costs of compliance, including potential litigation. For example, the ADA was substantially revised in September 2010 and our facilities must comply
with the new regulations by March 15, 2012. A determination that we are not in compliance with the ADA could result in a court order to bring the hotel into compliance, imposition of fines or an award of attorneys’ fees to private
litigants. Compliance with the ADA and other laws and regulations could require substantial capital expenditures. Any increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

27 

Table of Contents

Risks of Ownership of Host Inc.’s Common Stock 

There are limitations on the acquisition of Host Inc. common stock and changes in control. 

Host Inc.’s charter and bylaws, the partnership agreement of Host L.P., and the Maryland General Corporation Law contain a number of
provisions, the exercise or existence of which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for Host Inc.’s stockholders or Host L.P.’s unitholders or otherwise be in their best
interests, including the following: 

•

 Restrictions on transfer and ownership of Host Inc.’s stock. To maintain Host Inc.’s qualification as a REIT for federal income
tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of Host Inc.’s outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned in the last half of the taxable year, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, which, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code
(the “Code”), may include certain entities. Because such ownership could jeopardize Host Inc.’s qualification as a REIT, a person cannot own, directly or by attribution, 10% or more of an interest in a Host Inc. lessee, nor can a Host
Inc. lessee of any partnership in which Host Inc. is a partner own, directly or by attribution, 10% or more of Host Inc.’s shares, in each case unless exempted by Host Inc.’s Board of Directors. 

Host Inc.’s charter prohibits ownership, directly or by attribution, by any person or persons acting as a group, of more than 9.8% in
value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of shares of Host Inc.’s outstanding common stock, preferred stock or any other class or series of stock, each considered as a separate class or series for this purpose. Together, these
limitations are referred to as the “ownership limit.” 

Stock acquired or held in violation of the ownership limit
will be transferred automatically to a trust for the benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and the intended acquirer of the stock in violation of the ownership limit will not be entitled to any distributions thereon, to vote those shares
of stock or to receive any proceeds from the subsequent sale of the stock in excess of the lesser of the price paid for the stock or the amount realized from the sale. A transfer of shares of Host Inc.’s stock to a person who, as a result of
the transfer, violates the ownership limit may be void under certain circumstances, and, in any event, would deny that person any of the economic benefits of owning shares of Host Inc.’s stock in excess of the ownership limit. These
restrictions on transfer and ownership will not apply if Host Inc.’s Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in Host Inc.’s best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions on transfer and
ownership is no longer required for Host Inc. to qualify as a REIT. 

•

 Removal of Board of Directors. Host Inc.’s charter provides that, except for any directors who may be elected by holders of a class or
series of shares of capital stock other than common stock, directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors.
Vacancies on Host Inc.’s Board of Directors may be filled, at any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, by the affirmative vote of the remaining directors, except that a vacancy resulting from an increase in the
number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the entire Board of Directors. Any vacancy resulting from the removal of a director by the stockholders may be filled by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the votes
entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 

•

 Preferred shares; classification or reclassification of unissued shares of capital stock without stockholder approval. Host Inc.’s
charter provides that the total number of shares of stock of all classes that Host Inc. has authority to issue is 1,100,000,000, consisting of 1,050,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Host Inc.’s Board of
Directors has the authority, without a vote of stockholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock into other classes or series of stock, including common stock into preferred stock or vice versa, and to
establish the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Because Host Inc.’s
Board of Directors has this power, it may give the holders of any class or series of stock terms, preferences, powers and rights, including voting rights, senior to the rights of holders of existing stock. 

28 

Table of Contents

•

 Maryland business combination law. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, specified “business combinations” include mergers,
consolidations, share exchanges, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, asset transfers or issuances or reclassifications of equity securities, between a Maryland corporation and any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting
power of the corporation’s then outstanding shares, or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time during the two year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the
then outstanding stock of the corporation (each, an “interested stockholder”), or an affiliate of the interested stockholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an
interested stockholder. Thereafter, any of these specified business combinations must be approved by 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and by two-thirds of the votes entitled
to be cast by the holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder unless, among other conditions, the corporation’s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined in the Maryland General
Corporation Law, for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder. As a Maryland corporation which has not opted out of these provisions, Host Inc. is subject to the
Maryland business combination statute. The statute provides various exemptions from its provisions, including for business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested
stockholder. The Board of Directors has not granted any such exceptions at this time. 

•

 Maryland control share acquisition law. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, “control shares” acquired in a “control
share acquisition” have no voting rights, except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by the acquiror by officers or by directors who are
employees of the corporation. “Control shares” are voting shares which, if aggregated with all other voting shares owned by the acquiror or over which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely
by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: (1) one-tenth or more but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more but less
than a majority, or (3) a majority or more of all voting power. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A “control share
acquisition” means the acquisition of control shares, subject to specified exceptions. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting us from the control share provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law. There can be no assurance that this
bylaw provision exempting us from the control share provisions will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 

•

 Merger, consolidation, share exchange and transfer of Host Inc.’s assets. Under Maryland law and Host Inc.’s charter, subject to
the terms of any outstanding class or series of capital stock, we can merge with or into another entity, consolidate with one or more other entities, participate in a share exchange or transfer Host Inc.’s assets within the meaning of the
Maryland General Corporation Law if approved (1) by Host Inc.’s Board of Directors in the manner provided in the Maryland General Corporation Law, and (2) by Host Inc.’s stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled
to be cast on the matter, except that any merger of Host Inc. with or into a trust organized for the purpose of changing Host Inc.’s form of organization from a corporation to a trust requires only the approval of Host Inc.’s stockholders
holding a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the merger. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, specified mergers may be approved without a vote of stockholders and a share exchange is only required to be approved by the board of
directors of a Maryland corporation if the corporation is the successor entity. Host Inc.’s voluntary dissolution also would require approval of stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.

•

 Certain charter and bylaw amendments. Host Inc.’s charter contains provisions relating to restrictions on transfer and ownership of
Host Inc.’s stock, fixing the size of the Board of Directors within the range set forth in the charter, removal of directors, the filling of vacancies, exculpation and indemnification of directors, calling special stockholder meetings and
others, all of which may be amended only by a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors and approved by Host Inc.’s stockholders holding two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Other charter amendments generally require
approval of the 

29 

Table of Contents

Board and the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. As permitted under the Maryland General Corporation Law, Host Inc.’s charter and
bylaws provide that the Board of Directors has the exclusive right to amend Host Inc.’s bylaws. These provisions may make it more difficult to amend Host Inc.’s charter and bylaws to alter the provisions described herein that could delay,
defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control or the acquisition of Host Inc. common stock, without the approval of the Board of Directors. 

Shares of Host Inc.’s common stock that are or become available for sale could affect the share price of Host Inc.’s common stock. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of Host Inc.’s common stock, or the perception that sales could occur, could adversely
affect prevailing market prices for Host Inc.’s common stock. In addition, holders of OP units who redeem their units and receive, at Host Inc.’s election, shares of Host Inc. common stock will be able to sell those shares freely. As of
December 31, 2011, there are approximately 10.5 million OP units outstanding that are redeemable, which represents approximately 1.5% of all outstanding shares. Further, a substantial number of shares of Host Inc.’s common stock have
been and will be issued or reserved for issuance from time to time under our employee benefit plans. We maintain two stock-based compensation plans: (i) the comprehensive stock plan, whereby we may award to participating employees and directors
restricted shares of common stock, options to purchase common stock and deferred shares of common stock, and (ii) an employee stock purchase plan. At December 31, 2011, there were approximately 19 million shares of Host Inc.’s
common stock reserved and available for issuance under the comprehensive stock plan and employee stock purchase plan and 1.3 million outstanding options exercisable with a weighted average exercise price of $7.68 per share. 

Also as of December 31, 2011, Host L.P. had outstanding $963 million principal amount of exchangeable senior debentures that
could become exchangeable, under certain conditions, for shares of Host Inc.’s common stock. The principal portion for $388 million face amount of such exchangeable debentures is cash settled, and therefore no shares would be issued,
unless Host Inc.’s share price exceeded the exchange rate for this series of debentures of $31.23 as of December 31, 2011. For another $400 million of such exchangeable debentures, Host Inc. has the option to issue cash, shares of
Host Inc.’s common stock or any combination thereof in settlement of the debentures, should they be presented for exchange. 

On April 21, 2011, we entered into a Sales Financing Agreement with BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, through which Host Inc. may issue and sell, from time to time, shares having an aggregate offering
price of up to $400 million. The sales will be made in “at the market” offerings under SEC rules, including sales made directly on the NYSE. BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC is acting as sales agent. Host Inc. may sell shares of common
stock under its program, from time to time, based on market conditions, although it is not under an obligation to sell any shares. As of December 31, 2011, $226 million of Host Inc.’s common stock have been issued and sold pursuant to
the program. Shares of Host Inc.’s common stock, having an aggregate offering price of approximately $174 million, remain issuable from time to time under the agreement. Any additional shares of common stock issued by Host Inc., whether
issued under this program or otherwise, would be available in the future for sale in the public markets. 

Our earnings and cash
distributions will affect the market price of shares of Host Inc.’s common stock. 

We believe that the market
value of a REIT’s equity securities is based primarily upon the market’s perception of the REIT’s growth potential and its current and potential future cash distributions, whether from operations, sales, acquisitions, development or
refinancings, and is secondarily based upon the value of the underlying assets. For that reason, shares of Host Inc.’s common stock may trade at prices that are higher or lower than the net asset value per share. To the extent that we retain
operating cash flow for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other purposes, rather than distributing the cash flow to stockholders, these retained funds, while increasing the value of our underlying assets, may impact negatively the
market price of Host Inc.’s common stock. Our failure to meet the market’s expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions likely would affect adversely the market price of Host Inc.’s common stock. 

30 

Table of Contents

Market interest rates may affect the price of shares of Host Inc.’s common stock.

We believe that one of the factors that investors consider important in deciding whether to buy or sell shares of a
REIT is the dividend rate on the shares, considered as a percentage of the price of the shares, relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective purchasers of REIT shares may expect a higher dividend rate. Thus,
higher market interest rates could cause the market price of Host Inc.’s common stock to decrease. 

Federal Income Tax Risks

To qualify as a REIT, each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs are required to distribute at least 90% of its taxable income,
excluding net capital gain, regardless of available cash or outstanding obligations. 

To continue to qualify as a
REIT, Host Inc. is required to distribute to its stockholders with respect to each year at least 90% of its taxable income, excluding net capital gain. To the extent that Host Inc. satisfies this distribution requirement, but distributes less than
100% of its taxable income and net capital gain for the taxable year, it will be subject to federal and state corporate income tax on its undistributed taxable income and net capital gain. In addition, Host Inc. will be subject to a nondeductible 4%
excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions made by Host Inc. with respect to the calendar year are less than the sum of (1) 85% of its ordinary income, (2) 95% of its net capital gain, and (3) any undistributed taxable
income from prior years, less excess distributions from prior years. Host Inc. intends to make distributions, subject to the availability of cash and in compliance with any debt covenants, to its stockholders in order to comply with the distribution
requirement and to avoid the imposition of a significant nondeductible 4% excise tax and will rely for this purpose on distributions from Host L.P. and its subsidiaries. There are differences in timing between Host Inc.’s recognition of taxable
income and its receipt of cash available for distribution due to, among other things, the seasonality of the lodging industry and the fact that some taxable income will be “phantom” taxable income, which is taxable income that is not
matched by cash flow. Due to transactions entered into in years prior to Host Inc.’s conversion to a REIT, Host Inc. could recognize substantial amounts of “phantom” taxable income in the future. It is possible that any differences
between the recognition of taxable income and the receipt of the related cash could require us to borrow funds or for Host Inc. to issue additional equity in order to enable Host Inc. to meet its distribution requirements and, therefore, to maintain
its REIT status and to avoid the nondeductible 4% excise tax. In addition, because the REIT distribution requirements prevent Host Inc. from retaining earnings, generally we will be required to refinance debt at its maturity with additional debt or
equity. It is possible that any of these sources of funds, if available at all, would not be sufficient to meet Host Inc.’s distribution and tax obligations. 

Host L.P. owns 100% of the outstanding common stock and a portion of the outstanding preferred stock of two entities that have elected to be treated as REITs. Each of these subsidiary REITs are subject to
the same requirements that Host Inc. must satisfy in order to qualify as a REIT, including the distribution requirements described above. 

Adverse tax consequences would occur if Host Inc. or any of its subsidiary REITs fail to qualify as a REIT. 

We believe that Host Inc. has been organized and has operated in such a manner so as to qualify as a REIT under the Code, commencing with
its taxable year beginning January 1, 1999, and Host Inc. currently intends to continue to operate as a REIT during future years. In addition, Host Inc. owns, through Host L.P., two entities that have elected to be treated as REITs. As the
requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT are extremely complex and interpretations of the federal income tax laws governing qualification and taxation as a REIT are limited, no assurance can be provided that Host Inc. currently
qualifies as a REIT or will continue to qualify as a REIT or that each of Host Inc.’s subsidiary REITs qualify as a REIT. If any of the subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that Host Inc. would fail to qualify as a
REIT unless it (or the subsidiary REIT) could avail itself of certain relief provisions. New legislation, treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could change significantly the tax laws with respect to an
entity’s qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of its REIT qualification. If Host Inc. or any of the subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, and any available relief provisions did not apply, the
non-qualifying REIT would not be allowed to take a deduction for distributions to its stockholders in computing its taxable income, and it would be subject to federal and state corporate income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax,
on its taxable income at regular corporate rates. Moreover, unless entitled to statutory relief, the non-qualifying REIT would not qualify as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which REIT qualification was lost. 

31 

Table of Contents

Any determination that Host Inc. or one of its subsidiary REITs does not qualify as a REIT
will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and could materially reduce the value of Host Inc.’s common stock. The additional tax liability of Host Inc. or the subsidiary REIT for the year, or years, in which the relevant
entity did not qualify as a REIT would reduce its net earnings available for investment, debt service or distributions to stockholders. Furthermore, the non-qualifying entity no longer would be required to make distributions to stockholders as a
condition to REIT qualification and all of its distributions to stockholders would be taxable as ordinary C corporation dividends to the extent of its current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that, if Host Inc. were to fail to
qualify as a REIT, Host Inc.’s stockholders currently taxed as individuals would be taxed on those dividends at capital gain rates and Host Inc.’s corporate stockholders generally would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with
respect to such dividends, subject in each case to applicable limitations under the Code. Host Inc.’s failure to qualify as a REIT also would cause an event of default under Host L.P.’s credit facility, which default could lead to an
acceleration of the amounts due thereunder, which, in turn, would constitute an event of default under Host L.P.’s outstanding debt securities. 

If our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs would fail to qualify as a REIT. 

To qualify as a REIT, Host Inc. must satisfy two gross income tests, pursuant to which specified percentages of its gross income must be
passive income, such as rent. For the rent paid pursuant to the hotel leases with our TRS, which rental income currently constitutes substantially all of Host Inc.’s and each of our subsidiary REITs’ gross income, to qualify for purposes
of the gross income tests, our leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and must not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. We believe that the leases will be respected as
true leases for federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) will agree with this characterization. If the leases were not respected as true leases for federal income tax
purposes, neither Host Inc. nor either of our subsidiary REITs would be able to satisfy either of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs and each likely would lose its REIT status. 

If our affiliated lessees fail to qualify as taxable REIT subsidiaries, each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs would fail to qualify as a REIT. 

Rent paid by a lessee that is a “related party tenant” of Host Inc. will not be qualifying income for purposes of the two gross
income tests applicable to REITs. We lease substantially all of our hotels to our subsidiary that is taxable as a regular C corporation and that has elected to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary with respect to Host Inc. So long as any
affiliated lessee qualifies as a taxable REIT subsidiary, it will not be treated as a “related party tenant.” We believe that our affiliated lessees have qualified and will continue to qualify, and that the taxable REIT subsidiaries of
each of our subsidiary REITs have qualified and will continue to qualify, to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries for federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS will not challenge the status of a taxable REIT
subsidiary for federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in disqualifying any of our affiliated lessees (including the taxable REIT subsidiaries of our subsidiary REITs) from treatment
as a taxable REIT subsidiary, it is possible that Host Inc. or a subsidiary REIT would fail to meet the asset tests applicable to REITs and substantially all of its income would fail to qualify for the gross income tests. If Host Inc. or a
subsidiary REIT failed to meet either the asset tests or the gross income tests, each likely would lose its REIT status. 

Despite the
REIT status of each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs, we remain subject to various taxes. 

One
of the subsidiary REITs of Host Inc. will be required to pay federal income tax at the highest regular corporate rate on “built-in gain” recognized as a result of the sale of one or more of its hotel assets prior to the expiration of the
applicable 10-year holding period, including certain hotels acquired from Starwood and its affiliates in 2006. The total amount of gain on which the subsidiary REIT would be subject to corporate income tax if all of its built-in gain assets were
sold in a taxable transaction prior to the expiration of the applicable 10-year holding period would be material to it. In addition, we expect that we could recognize other substantial deferred tax liabilities in the future without any corresponding
receipt of cash. 

32 

Table of Contents

Notwithstanding Host Inc.’s status as a REIT, Host Inc. and our subsidiaries (including
our subsidiary REITs) are subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on their income and property. For example, Host Inc. and our subsidiary REITs will pay tax on certain types of income that are not distributed and will be subject to a
100% excise tax on transactions with a taxable REIT subsidiary that are not conducted on an arm’s length basis. Moreover, the taxable REIT subsidiaries of Host Inc. and our subsidiary REITs are taxable as regular C corporations and will pay
federal, state and local income tax on their net income at the applicable corporate rates, and foreign taxes to the extent that they own assets or conduct operations in foreign jurisdictions. 

Host L.P. is obligated under its partnership agreement to pay all such taxes (and any related interest and penalties) incurred by Host
Inc. 

If the IRS were to challenge successfully Host L.P.’s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, Host Inc.
would cease to qualify as a REIT and would suffer other adverse consequences. 

We believe that Host L.P. qualifies to
be treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, it is not subject to federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of its partners, including Host Inc., is required to report and pay tax, if applicable, on such
partner’s allocable share of its income. No assurance can be provided, however, that the IRS will not challenge Host L.P.’s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the
IRS were successful in treating Host L.P. as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, Host Inc. would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, cease to qualify as a REIT. If Host
L.P. fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes or Host Inc. fails to qualify as a REIT, either failure would cause an event of default under Host L.P.’s credit facility that, in turn, could constitute an event of default
under Host L.P.’s outstanding debt securities. Also, the failure of Host L.P. to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes would cause it to become subject to federal, state and foreign corporate income tax, which tax would
reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners, including Host Inc. 

As a REIT,
each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs is subject to limitations on its ownership of debt and equity securities. 

Subject to certain exceptions, a REIT generally is prohibited from owning securities in any one issuer to the extent that (1) the
value of such securities exceeds 5% of the value of the REIT’s total assets, (2) the securities owned by the REIT represent more than 10% of the issuer’s outstanding voting securities, or (3) the REIT owns more than 10% of the
value of the issuer’s outstanding securities. A REIT is permitted to own securities of a subsidiary in an amount that exceeds the 5% value test and the 10% vote or value test if the subsidiary elects to be a taxable REIT subsidiary. However, a
REIT may not own securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries that represent in the aggregate more than 25% of the value of the REIT’s total assets. If Host Inc. or any of its subsidiary REITs were to violate these ownership limitations, each likely
would lose its REIT status. 

Each of Host Inc. or its subsidiary REITs may be required to pay a penalty tax upon the sale of a hotel.

The federal income tax provisions applicable to REITs provide that any gain realized by a REIT on the sale of
property held as inventory or other property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a “prohibited transaction” that is subject to a 100% excise tax. Under existing law, whether
property, including hotels, is held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is a question of fact that depends upon all of the facts and circumstances with respect to the particular transaction. We intend
to hold our hotels for investment with a view to long-term appreciation, to engage in the business of acquiring and owning hotels and to make occasional sales of hotels consistent with our investment objectives. There can be no assurance, however,
that the IRS might not contend that one or more of these sales are subject to the 100% excise tax. 

33 

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to Redemption of OP Units 

A holder who offers its OP units for redemption may have adverse tax consequences.

A holder whose OP units are redeemed will be treated for federal and state income tax purposes as having sold the OP units. The sale of these units is a taxable event and the holder thereof will be
treated as realizing an amount equal to the sum of (1) the value of the common stock or cash the holder receives, and (2) the amount of Host L.P.’s nonrecourse liabilities allocated to the redeemed OP units. The gain or loss
recognized by the holder of OP units is measured by the difference between the amount realized by the holder and the holder’s basis in the OP units redeemed (which basis includes the amount of Host L.P.’s nonrecourse liabilities allocated
to the redeemed OP units). It is possible that the amount of gain and/or the tax liability related thereto that the holder recognizes and pays could exceed the value of the common stock or cash that the holder receives. 

If a holder of OP units elects to offer them for redemption, the original receipt of the OP units may be subject to tax.

If a holder of OP units elects to have its units redeemed, particularly within two years of receiving them, there is a risk that the
original receipt of the OP units may be treated as a taxable sale under the “disguised sale” rules of the Internal Revenue Code. Subject to several exceptions, the tax law generally provides that a partner’s contribution of property
to a partnership and a simultaneous or subsequent transfer of money or other consideration from the partnership to the partner will be presumed to be a taxable sale. In particular, if money or other consideration is transferred by a partnership to a
partner within two years of the partner’s contribution of property, the transactions are presumed to be a taxable sale of the contributed property, unless the facts and circumstances clearly establish that the transfers are not a sale. On the
other hand, if two years have passed between the original contribution of property and the transfer of money or other consideration, the transactions will not be presumed to be a taxable sale, unless the facts and circumstances clearly establish
that they should be so treated. 

Differences between an investment in shares of Host Inc. common stock and OP units may affect redeemed
holders of OP units.

If a holder of OP units elects to have OP units redeemed, we will determine whether the holder
receives cash or shares of Host Inc.’s common stock in exchange for the OP units. Although an investment in shares of Host Inc.’s common stock is substantially similar to an investment in OP units, there are some differences between
ownership of OP units and ownership of Host Inc. common stock. These differences include form of organization, management structure, voting rights, liquidity and federal income taxation, some of which may be material to investors. 

34 

Table of Contents