The
statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

17 

Table of Contents

Forward Looking Statements 

Our disclosure and analysis in this 2009 Form 10-K and in our 2009 Annual Report to shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that
set forth anticipated results based on management’s plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of
future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify each such statement by using words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will,” “target,” “forecast” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In
particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future acquisitions or dispositions, future capital expenditure plans, future performance or results of current and anticipated expenses, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, or the
outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings. 

We cannot guarantee that any future results discussed in any
forward-looking statements will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions, including those discussed in
the risk factors below. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should
bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. 

We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make or related subjects in our reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K that we file with the SEC. Also note
that in the following risk factors we provide a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions relevant to our businesses. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could cause our actual
results to differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is not possible to predict or identify all
such risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all of the potential risks or uncertainties that could affect our business. 

Financial Risks and Risks of Operation 

Current economic conditions have already
adversely affected and will continue to adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

The current
weak economic environment, triggered by recent declines in GDP, business investment, corporate profits, consumer spending and continuing high levels of unemployment, has negatively impacted, and we believe will continue to negatively impact, overall
lodging demand. The performance of the lodging industry has historically been closely linked with the performance of the general economy. Trends affecting overall lodging demand were weak in 2009 and continue to impact our results of operations
(including our revenue and net income) and, we expect, will continue to be weak at least into the first half of 2010. We do not anticipate an improvement in lodging demand until the economy experiences sustained quarter-over-quarter growth. In
addition, declines in demand and in consumer and business spending have resulted in rate reductions at our hotels, which have had a negative impact on our gross profit. The general economic trends discussed above make it difficult to predict our
future operating results. We may experience further declines in hotel revenues or earnings at our properties beyond current expectations for any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, greater than anticipated weakness in the economy,
changes in travel patterns and the continued impact of the trends identified above. Such reduced revenues or earnings also may reduce our working capital, impact our long-term business strategy, impact the value of our assets and our ability to meet
certain covenants in our existing debt agreements. 

18 

Table of Contents

Current economic conditions have adversely effected the valuation of our hotels which may result in
further impairment charges on our properties. 

We analyze our assets for impairment in several situations, including when a
property has current or projected losses from operations, when it becomes more likely than not that a hotel will be sold before the end of its previously estimated useful life, or when other material trends, contingencies or changes in circumstances
indicate that a triggering event has occurred that indicate an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. For impaired assets, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the property’s carrying value over its fair value. Our
operating results for 2009 included $131 million of impairment charges related to our consolidated hotels and our European joint venture. As a result of continued economic weakness, we may incur additional impairment charges, which will
negatively affect our results of operations. We can provide no assurance that any impairment loss recognized would not be material to our results of operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies.” 

Our revenues and the value of our properties are also subject to other conditions
affecting the lodging industry. 

The lodging industry is subject to changes in the travel patterns of business and leisure
travelers, both of which are affected by the strength of the economy, as discussed above, as well as other factors. Changes in travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and
adversely affect our results. Our results of operations and any forecast we make, may be affected and can change based on the following risks: 

•

 changes in the international, national, regional and local economic climate; 

•

 changes in business and leisure travel patterns; 

•

 the effect of terrorist attacks and terror alerts in the United States and internationally, as well as other geopolitical disturbances;

•

 supply growth in markets where we own hotels, which may adversely affect demand at our properties; 

•

 the attractiveness of our hotels to consumers relative to our competition; 

•

 the performance of the managers of our hotels; 

•

 outbreaks of disease; 

•

 changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors; and 

•

 unionization of the labor force at our hotels. 

Disruptions in the financial markets may adversely affect our business and results of operations, our ability to obtain financing on reasonable and acceptable terms, our ability to hedge our foreign
currency exchange risk and the market price of our common stock. 

The United States and global stock and credit markets
have experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, all of which have caused market prices of the stocks of many companies to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective and outstanding debt financings
to widen considerably. These circumstances have materially impacted liquidity in the financial markets, which made terms for certain financings materially less attractive, and, in some cases, resulted in the lack of availability of certain types of
financing. While conditions in the credit markets have improved since their initial disruption, continued uncertainty in the stock and credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional short-term and long-term financing on
reasonable terms or at all, which would negatively impact our liquidity and financial condition. A prolonged downturn in the stock or credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing and may negatively
impact our ability to enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge risks associated with changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. These

19 

Table of Contents

disruptions in the financial markets also may adversely affect our credit rating and the market value of our common stock. While we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity with which to
meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, debt service and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future, if our operating results worsen significantly and our cash flow or capital resources prove inadequate, or if interest rates
increase significantly, we could face liquidity problems that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We depend on external sources of capital for future growth and we may be unable to access capital when necessary.

Unlike regular C corporations, we must finance our growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because we are required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income (other than net capital
gain) in order to qualify as a REIT, including taxable income we recognize for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which we do not receive cash. Our ability to access the external capital we require could be hampered by a number of
factors, many of which are outside of our control, including credit market conditions as discussed above, unfavorable market perception of our growth potential, decreases in our current and estimated future earnings, or decreases in the market price
of Host’s common stock. Our ability to access additional capital also may be limited by the terms of our existing indebtedness, which, under certain circumstances, restrict our incurrence of debt and the payment of distributions. The occurrence
of any of these factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us from being able to obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us or at all and the failure to obtain necessary external capital could have a
material adverse effect on our ability to finance our future growth. 

We have substantial debt and may incur additional debt.

As of February 17, 2010, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $5.4 billion. Our
substantial indebtedness has important consequences in that it currently requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working
capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, dividends and other general corporate purposes. Additionally, it could: 

•

 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 

•

 limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general
corporate purposes on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or 

•

 affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. 

If our cash flow and working capital are not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we will have to raise
additional funds through: 

•

 sales of our equity; 

•

 the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host LP; or 

•

 the sale of our assets. 

We cannot make any assurances that any of these sources of funds will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient to meet our obligations
or fulfill our business plan. 

20 

Table of Contents

The terms of our debt place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, which reduce our operational
flexibility and create default risks. 

The documents governing the terms of our existing senior notes and our credit
facility contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. These covenants restrict, among other things, our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: 

•

 conduct acquisitions, mergers or consolidations, unless the successor entity in such transaction assumes our indebtedness;

•

 incur additional debt in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; 

•

 create liens securing indebtedness, unless an effective provision is made to secure our other indebtedness by such liens; 

•

 sell assets without using the proceeds from such sales for certain permitted uses or to make an offer to repay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness;

•

 make capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds; 

•

 pay dividends without satisfying certain financial metrics; and 

•

 conduct transactions with affiliates other than on an arms length basis and, in certain instances, without obtaining opinions as to the fairness of
such transactions. 

Certain covenants in the credit facility also require us and our subsidiaries to meet
financial performance tests. If we fail to meet such tests, the restrictive covenants in the applicable indenture(s), the credit facility and the documents governing our other debt (including our mortgage debt) will reduce our flexibility in
conducting our operations and will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could
result in the acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our debt. For a detailed description of the covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Financial Condition”. 

Our ability to pay dividends may be limited or prohibited by
the terms of our indebtedness or preferred stock. 

We are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and
instruments that restrict or prevent the payment of dividends on our classes and series of capital stock. Under the terms of Host LP’s credit facility and senior notes indenture, distributions to Host by Host LP, upon which Host depends in
order to obtain the cash necessary to pay dividends, are permitted only to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, Host LP can satisfy certain financial covenant tests (concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest
coverage) and meet other requirements. 

Under the terms of our outstanding Class E Preferred Stock, we are not permitted to
pay dividends on our common stock unless all cumulative dividends have been paid (or funds for payment have been set aside for payment). The amount of aggregate dividends that accrue on the Class E Preferred Stock each quarter is approximately
$2.2 million. In the event that we fail to pay the accrued dividends on our Class E Preferred Stock for any reason, including any restriction on paying such dividends under the terms of our debt instruments (as discussed above), dividends will
continue to accrue on such preferred stock and we will be prohibited from paying any dividends on our common stock until all such accrued but unpaid dividends on our Class E Preferred Stock have been paid (or funds for such payment have been set
aside). 

Defaulting on our mortgage debt could adversely affect our business. 

As of February 17, 2010, 11 of our hotels and assets related thereto are subject to mortgages in an aggregate amount of approximately
$1.1 billion. Although the debt is generally non-recourse to us, if these hotels do not produce adequate cash flow to service the debt secured by such mortgages, the mortgage lenders could call a

21 

Table of Contents

default on these assets. Generally, we would expect to negotiate with the lender prior to the occurrence of a default to pursue other options, such as a deed in lieu of foreclosure. However, we
may opt to allow such default to occur rather than make the necessary mortgage payments with funds from other sources. Host LP’s senior notes indenture and credit facility contain cross-default provisions, which, depending upon the amount of
secured debt in default, could cause a cross-default under both of these agreements. Host LP’s credit facility, which contains a more restrictive cross-default provision than the senior notes indenture, provides that a credit facility default
will occur in the event that Host LP defaults on non-recourse secured indebtedness in excess of 1% (or approximately $150 million as of December 31, 2009) of its total assets (using undepreciated real estate book values). For this and
other reasons, permitting a default could adversely affect our long-term business prospects. 

Our mortgage debt contains provisions that
may reduce our liquidity. 

Certain of our mortgage debt requires that, to the extent cash flow from the hotels which secure
such debt drops below stated levels, we escrow cash flow after the payment of debt service until operations improve above the stated levels. In some cases, the lender has the right under certain circumstances to apply the escrowed amount to the
outstanding balance of the mortgage debt. If such provisions are triggered, there can be no assurance that the affected properties will achieve the minimum cash flow levels required to trigger a release of any escrowed funds. The amounts required to
be escrowed may be material and may negatively affect our liquidity by limiting our access to cash flow after debt service from these mortgaged properties. 

An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on our credit facility and on any floating rate debt we incur and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt or sell
assets. 

Interest payments for borrowings on our credit facility, the mortgages on our Orlando World Center Marriott and JW
Marriott, Washington, D.C. properties and the floating interest rate swaps linked to our Newport Beach Marriott/Ritz-Carlton Naples mortgage are based on floating rates. To the extent that we draw on the credit facility, an increase in interest
rates will reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes, including investments in our portfolio. Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures and increase interest costs on any debt
that is refinanced. We may from time to time enter into agreements such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate hedging contracts. While these agreements may lessen the impact of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the
risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that the agreements will be unenforceable. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our
ability to dispose of assets as part of our business strategy. 

Rating agency downgrades may increase our cost of capital.

Our senior notes and our preferred stock are rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services and
Fitch Ratings. These independent rating agencies may elect to downgrade their ratings on our senior notes and our preferred stock at any time. Such downgrades may negatively affect our access to the capital markets and increase our cost of capital.

Our expenses may not decrease if our revenue decreases. 

Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt-service payments, property taxes, insurance, utilities, and employee wages and benefits, are relatively inflexible and do not
necessarily decrease in tandem with a reduction in revenue at the hotels. Our expenses also will be affected by inflationary increases, and certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period
and, in the event of a significant decrease in demand, we may not be able to reduce the size of hotel work-forces in order to decrease wages and benefits. Our managers may be unable to offset any such increased expenses with higher room rates. Any
of our efforts to reduce operating costs or failure to make scheduled capital expenditures also could adversely affect the future growth of our business and the value of our hotel properties. 

22 

Table of Contents

Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity,
financial position and/or results of operations. 

As part of our business strategy, we seek to acquire luxury and upper
upscale hotel properties. We may acquire properties through various structures, including transactions involving portfolios, single assets, joint ventures and acquisitions of all or substantially all of the securities or assets of other REITs or
similar real estate entities. We anticipate that our acquisitions will be financed through a combination of methods, including proceeds from Host equity offerings, issuance of limited partnership interests of Host LP, advances under our credit
facility, the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness and proceeds from the sales of assets. Continued disruptions in credit markets may limit our ability to finance acquisitions and may limit the ability of purchasers to finance hotels and
adversely affect our disposition strategy and our ability to use disposition proceeds to finance acquisitions. 

We may, from
time to time, be in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating possible acquisition transactions and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in consummating future
acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize the benefits that we anticipate from the acquisitions that we consummate. Our inability to consummate one or more acquisitions on such terms, or our failure to realize the intended benefits
from one or more acquisitions, could have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations, including as a result of our incurrence of additional indebtedness and related interest expense and
our assumption of unforeseen contingent liabilities. 

We do not control our hotel operations and we are dependent on the managers of our
hotels. 

Since federal income tax laws restrict REITs and their subsidiaries from operating or managing hotels, we do not
operate or manage our hotels. Instead, we lease substantially all of our hotels to subsidiaries which qualify as “taxable REIT subsidiaries” under applicable REIT laws, and our taxable REIT subsidiaries retain third-party managers to
operate our hotels pursuant to management agreements. Our cash flow from the hotels may be adversely affected if our managers fail to provide quality services and amenities or if they or their affiliates fail to maintain a quality brand name. While
our taxable REIT subsidiaries monitor the hotel managers’ performance, we have limited recourse under our management agreements if we believe that the hotel managers are not performing adequately. In addition, from time to time, we have had,
and continue to have, differences with the managers of our hotels over their performance and compliance with the terms of our management agreements. We generally resolve issues with our managers through discussions and negotiations. However, if we
are unable to reach satisfactory results through discussions and negotiations, we may choose to litigate the dispute or submit the matter to third-party dispute resolution. Failure by our hotel managers to fully perform the duties agreed to in our
management agreements could adversely affect our results of operations. Our hotel managers or their affiliates manage, and in some cases own, have invested in, or provided credit support or operating guarantees to hotels that compete with our
hotels, all of which may result in conflicts of interest. As a result, our hotel managers have in the past made, and may in the future make, decisions regarding competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interest.

We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor.

We have entered into management agreements with third-party managers to operate our hotel properties. Our third-party
managers are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. Although we do not directly employ or manage employees at our consolidated hotels, we are subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated with the
hotel labor force, particularly those hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted as a result of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. We also may incur increased
legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result of contract disputes or other events. Additionally, hotels where our managers have collective bargaining agreements with employees (approximately 21% of our current portfolio, by revenues) are more
highly affected

23 

Table of Contents

by labor force activities than others. The resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by
changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. Furthermore, labor agreements may limit the ability of our managers to reduce the size of hotel workforces during an economic downturn because collective bargaining agreements are negotiated
between the managers of our hotels and labor unions. We do not have the ability to control the outcome of these negotiations. 

Our hotels
have an ongoing need for renovations and potentially significant capital expenditures in order to remain competitive in the marketplace, maintain brand standards or to comply with applicable laws or regulations. The timing and costs of such
renovations or improvements may result in reduced operating performance during construction and may not improve the return on these investments. 

In addition to capital expenditures required by our loan agreements or agreements with our hotel managers, we will need to make capital expenditures in order to remain competitive with other hotels, to
maintain the economic value of our hotels and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. The timing of these improvements can affect hotel performance, particularly if the improvements require closures of a significant number of rooms or other
features of the hotels, such as ballrooms, meeting space and restaurants. These capital improvements reduce the availability of cash for other purposes and are subject to cost overruns and delays. In addition, because we depend on external sources
of capital, we may not have the necessary funds to invest and, if we fail to maintain our properties in accordance with brand standards set by our managers, the manager may terminate the management agreement. Moreover, we may not necessarily realize
a significant, or any, improvement in the performance of the hotels in which we make these investments. 

The ownership of hotels outside
the United States and the expansion of our business into new markets outside of the United States will expose us to risks relating to owning hotels in those international markets. 

Part of our business strategy is to expand our presence internationally through joint ventures. We currently own directly seven hotels
located outside the United States and are a party to joint ventures that own 11 hotels in Europe. We also are a party to another joint venture through which we are exploring investment opportunities throughout Asia and Australia. We may have
difficulty managing our expansion into new geographic markets where we have limited knowledge and understanding of the local economy, an absence of business relationships in the area, or unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting
procedures and regulations. There are risks inherent in conducting business internationally, which include: 

•

 employment laws and practices; 

•

 tax laws which may provide for income or other tax rates that exceed those of the U.S. and which may provide that our foreign earnings are subject to
dividend withholding requirements or other restrictions; 

•

 compliance with and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements or monetary policy; 

•

 the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing and changes in the availability, cost and terms of such financing;

•

 adverse changes in local, political, economic and market conditions; 

•

 insurance coverage related to terrorist events; 

•

 changes in interest rates and/or the currency exchange rates; 

•

 regulations regarding the incurrence of debts; and 

•

 difficulties in complying with U.S. rules governing REITs while operating internationally. 

Any of these factors could adversely affect our ability to obtain all of the intended benefits of our international expansion. If we do not
effectively manage our geographic expansion and successfully integrate the foreign hotels into our organization, our operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

24 

Table of Contents

We may acquire hotel properties through joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts.

We have made a significant investment in a European joint venture which owns 11 hotels in Europe and have formed another
joint venture to explore investment opportunities in Asia and Australia. We may, from time to time, invest as a co-venturer in other entities holding hotel properties instead of purchasing hotel properties directly. Co-venturers often share control
over the operation of a joint venture. Actions by a co-venturer could subject the assets to additional risk as a result of any of the following circumstances: 

•

 our co-venturer might have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our, or the joint venture’s, interests or goals; or

•

 our co-venturer may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives.

Although we generally will seek to maintain sufficient control of any joint venture in order to permit our
objectives to be achieved, we might not be able to take action without the approval of our joint venture partners. 

Our management
agreements could affect the sale or financing of our hotels.

Under the terms of our management agreements, we generally may
not sell, lease or otherwise transfer our hotels unless the transferee is not a competitor of the manager and the transferee assumes the related management agreements and meets specified other conditions. Our ability to finance or sell our