The
statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

16 

Table of Contents

Financial Risks and Risks of Operation 

Our revenues and the value of our properties are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry. 

The lodging industry is subject to changes in the travel patterns of business and leisure travelers, both of which are affected by the strength of the economy, as well as other factors. Changes in travel
patterns of both business and leisure travelers may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and adversely affect our results. During the recession in 2008 and 2009, overall travel was reduced, which had a significant effect on our
results of operations. While operating results have improved since then, uncertainty in the strength and direction of the recovery and continued high unemployment have slowed the pace of the overall economic recovery. Therefore, there can be no
assurance that any increases in hotel revenues or earnings at our properties will continue for any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, slower than anticipated growth in the economy. Our results of operations and any forecast we make,
may be affected by, and can change based on, a variety of circumstances that affect the lodging industry, including: 

•

 changes in the international, national, regional and local economic climate; 

•

 changes in business and leisure travel patterns; 

•

 the effect of terrorist attacks and terror alerts in the United States and internationally, as well as other geopolitical disturbances;

•

 supply growth in markets where we own hotels, which may adversely affect demand at our properties; 

•

 the attractiveness of our hotels to consumers relative to competing hotels; 

•

 the performance of the managers of our hotels; 

•

 outbreaks of disease and the impact on travel of natural disasters and weather; 

•

 physical damage to our hotels as a result of earthquakes, hurricanes, or other natural disasters, or the income lost as a result of the damage;

•

 changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors; and 

•

 unionization of the labor force at our hotels. 

A reduction in our revenue or earnings as a result of the above risks may reduce our working capital, impact our long-term business strategy, and impact the value of our assets and our ability to meet
certain covenants in our existing debt agreements. 

In addition, the continuing debate in Congress regarding the national debt
ceiling, federal budget deficit concerns, and overall weakness in the economy resulted in actual and threatened downgrades of U.S. government securities by the various major credit ratings agencies, including Standard & Poor’s and
Fitch Ratings. All of these factors have created uncertainty in U.S. and global financial markets, which factors could have material adverse impacts on financial markets and economic conditions in the United States and throughout the world. This in
turn could, directly or indirectly, adversely affect lodging demand and therefore our business and financial condition. Because of the unprecedented nature of these events, including the negative credit rating actions with respect to U.S. government
securities, the ultimate impact on global markets and our business, financial condition and liquidity are unpredictable and may not be immediately apparent. Also, in 2012 Standard & Poor’s lowered its long term sovereign credit rating
on France, Italy and seven other European countries, which has impacted negatively global markets and economic conditions. The continued uncertainty over the outcome of the governments’ and other European Union (“EU”) member
states’ financial support programs and the possibility that other EU member states may experience similar financial troubles could further disrupt global markets and economic growth in these countries. We have properties in several EU member
states’, held through our European joint venture, that have experienced difficulties servicing their sovereign debt, including Italy and Spain, and the results of operations at those hotels also could be affected adversely by any adverse
economic conditions in these countries. 

17 

Table of Contents

Disruptions in the financial markets may affect adversely our business and results of operations, our
ability to obtain financing on reasonable and acceptable terms, and our ability to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. 

The United States and global equity and credit markets have at times experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions since 2008, all of which caused market prices of the
stock of many companies to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective and outstanding debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances impacted liquidity in the financial markets, which made terms for financings less
attractive, and, in some cases, resulted in the lack of availability of certain types of financing. Continued uncertainty in the equity and credit markets may impact negatively our ability to access additional short-term and long-term financing on
reasonable terms or at all, which would impact negatively our liquidity and financial condition. A prolonged downturn in the stock or credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing and may impact
negatively our ability to enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge risks associated with changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. Disruptions in the financial markets also may adversely affect our credit rating. While
we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity with which to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, debt service and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future, if our operating results weaken significantly and our cash flow
or capital resources prove inadequate, or if interest rates increase significantly, we could face liquidity problems that could affect materially and adversely our results of operations and financial condition. 

Economic conditions may affect adversely the value of our hotels which may result in impairment charges on our properties. 

We analyze our assets for impairment in several situations, including when a property has current or projected losses from operations,
when it becomes more likely than not that a hotel will be sold before the end of its previously estimated useful life, or when other material trends, contingencies or changes in circumstances indicate that a triggering event has occurred, such that
an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. For impaired assets, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the property’s carrying value over its fair value. We may incur additional impairment charges in the future, which
charges will affect negatively our results of operations. We can provide no assurance that any impairment loss recognized would not be material to our results of operations. For information on impairment charges taken in 2011 and 2012, see Part II
Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Policies.” 

We depend on external sources of capital for future growth and we may be unable to access capital when necessary. 

Unlike regular C corporations, Host Inc. must finance its growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because it is required to distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of
its taxable income (other than net capital gain) in order to qualify as a REIT, including taxable income recognized for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which it does not receive cash. Funds used by Host Inc. to make required
distributions are provided through distributions from Host L.P. Our ability to access external capital could be hampered by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including credit market conditions as discussed above,
unfavorable market perception of our growth potential, decreases in our current and estimated future earnings, or decreases in the market price of the common stock of Host Inc. Our ability to access additional capital also may be limited by the
terms of our existing indebtedness which, under certain circumstances, restrict our incurrence of debt and the payment of dividends and Host L.P. distributions. The occurrence of any of these factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us
from being able to obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance our future growth. 

We have substantial debt and may incur additional debt. 

As of December 31, 2012, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $5.4 billion. Our substantial indebtedness requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow
from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, dividends and distributions and other general corporate needs. Additionally, our substantial
indebtedness could: 

•

 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or to obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other
general corporate needs on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or 

•

 affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. 

If our cash flow and working capital are not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we will have to raise
additional funds through: 

•

 sales of Host L.P.’s OP units or Host Inc.’s common stock; 

•

 the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host L.P.; or 

•

 the sale of our assets. 

We cannot make any assurances that any of these sources of funds will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient to meet our obligations
or fulfill our business plan. Under certain circumstances, we would be required to use the cash from some of the events described above to repay other indebtedness. 

The terms of our debt place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries and these restrictions reduce our operational flexibility and create default risks. 

The documents governing the terms of our existing senior notes and our credit facility contain covenants that place restrictions on us
and our subsidiaries. These covenants restrict, among other things, our ability to: 

•

 conduct acquisitions, mergers or consolidations, unless the successor entity in such transaction assumes our indebtedness;

•

 incur additional debt in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; 

•

 create liens securing indebtedness, unless an effective provision is made to secure our other indebtedness by such liens; 

•

 sell assets without using the proceeds from such sales for certain permitted uses or to make an offer to repay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness;

•

 make distributions without satisfying certain financial metrics; and 

•

 conduct transactions with affiliates other than on an arm’s length basis and, in certain instances, without obtaining opinions as to the fairness
of such transactions. 

Certain of these covenants under our senior notes, including restrictions on
incurring debt and making distributions, are no longer in effect while our senior notes maintain their current investment grade rating. However, we are still subject to similar covenants under the terms of our credit facility. In addition, certain
covenants in our credit facility also require us and our subsidiaries to meet financial performance tests. The restrictive covenants in the applicable indenture(s), the credit facility and the documents governing our other debt (including our
mortgage debt) will reduce our flexibility in conducting our operations and will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of
default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our debt. In addition, certain of our mortgage debt requires that, to the extent cash flow from the hotels which secure such debt drops below
stated levels, we escrow cash flow after the payment of debt service until operations improve above the stated levels. In some cases, the lender may apply the escrowed amount to the outstanding balance of the mortgage debt. If such provisions are
triggered, the amounts required to be escrowed may affect negatively our liquidity by 

19 

Table of Contents

limiting our access to cash flow after debt service from these mortgaged properties. For a detailed description of the covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our
indebtedness, see Part II Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Financial Condition.” 

Our ability to pay dividends and to make distributions may be limited or prohibited by the terms of our indebtedness or preferred units. 

We are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and instruments that restrict or prevent the payment of dividends on classes
and series of Host Inc. capital stock and Host L.P.’s payment of distributions on its classes of units. Under the terms of Host L.P.’s credit facility, distributions to Host L.P. unitholders, including Host Inc., upon which Host Inc.
depends in order to obtain the cash necessary to pay dividends, are permitted only to the extent that Host L.P. can satisfy certain financial covenant tests (concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage) and meet other
requirements. We will also be subject to similar restrictions under the terms of our senior notes if our senior notes are no longer rated investment grade. We are permitted under our credit facility and senior notes indenture to make distributions
of estimated taxable income that are necessary to maintain Host Inc.’s REIT status. 

Under the terms of Host L.P.’s
outstanding preferred OP units, we are not permitted to make distributions on our common OP units unless all cumulative distributions have been paid (or funds for payment have been set aside for payment) on our preferred OP units. In the event that
we fail to pay the accrued distributions on our preferred OP units for any reason, including any restriction on making such distributions under the terms of our debt instruments (as discussed above), distributions will continue to accrue on such
preferred OP units and we will be prohibited from making any distributions on our common OP units until all such accrued but unpaid distributions on our preferred OP units have been paid (or funds for such payment have been set aside). 

An increase in interest rates would increase the interest costs on our credit facility and on our floating rate debt and could adversely impact our
ability to refinance existing debt or sell assets. 

Interest payments for borrowings on our credit facility, the
mortgages on nine properties and the fixed-to- floating interest rate swaps linked to two other properties are based on floating rates. As a result, an increase in interest rates will reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes,
including investments in our portfolio. Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures and increase interest costs on any debt that is refinanced. We may from time to time enter into agreements such
as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate hedging contracts. Currently, all of the mortgages with floating rates, which are secured by nine of our hotel properties, are fully or partially hedged through the use of
floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps or interest rate caps and floors. While these agreements may lessen the impact of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that the
agreements will be unenforceable. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to dispose of assets as part of our business strategy. 

Rating agency downgrades may increase our cost of capital. 

Our senior notes are rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services and Fitch Ratings. These independent rating agencies may elect to downgrade their ratings on
our senior notes at any time. Such downgrades may affect negatively our access to the capital markets and increase our cost of capital. 

Our expenses may not decrease if our revenue decreases. 

Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt-service payments, property taxes, insurance, utilities, and employee wages and benefits, are relatively inflexible and do not
necessarily decrease in tandem with a reduction in revenue at the hotels. Our expenses also will be affected by inflationary increases, and certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period.
In the event of a significant decrease in demand, our hotel managers may not be able to reduce the size of hotel work forces in order to decrease wages and benefits. Our managers also may be unable to offset any such increased expenses with higher
room rates. Any of our efforts to reduce operating costs or failure to make scheduled capital expenditures also could adversely affect the future growth of our business and the value of our hotel properties. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity,
financial position and/or results of operations. 

As part of our business strategy, we seek to acquire primarily
luxury and upper upscale hotel properties. We may acquire properties through various structures, including transactions involving portfolios, single assets, joint ventures and acquisitions of all or substantially all of the securities or assets of
other REITs or similar real estate entities. We anticipate that our acquisitions will be financed through a combination of methods, including proceeds from Host Inc. equity offerings, issuance of limited partnership interests of Host L.P., advances
under our credit facility, the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness and proceeds from the sales of assets. Continued disruptions in credit markets may limit our ability to finance acquisitions and may limit the ability of purchasers to finance
hotels and affect adversely our disposition strategy and our ability to use disposition proceeds to finance acquisitions. 

We
may, from time to time, be in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating possible acquisition transactions. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will
realize the benefits that we anticipate from such acquisitions. Our inability to consummate one or more acquisitions on such terms, or our failure to realize the intended benefits from one or more acquisitions, could have a significant adverse
effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations, including as a result of our forfeiture of deposits in connection with our failure to consummate an acquisition or our incurrence of additional indebtedness and
related interest expense and our assumption of unforeseen contingent liabilities in connection with completed acquisitions. 

We may not
achieve the value we anticipate from new hotel developments or value enhancement projects at our existing hotels. 

We
currently are, and in the future may be, involved in the development of hotel properties, timeshare units or other alternate uses of portions of our existing properties, including the development of retail, office or apartments, including through
joint ventures. There are risks inherent in any new development, including: 

•

 We may not obtain the zoning, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations necessary to complete the development. A delay in
receiving these approvals could affect the returns we expect to receive. 

•

 Any new construction involves the possibility of construction delays and cost overruns that may increase project costs. 

•

 Defects in design or construction may result in delays and additional costs to remedy the defect or require a portion of a property to be closed during
the period required to rectify the defect. 

•

 We may not be able to meet the loan covenants in any financing obtained to fund the new development, creating default risks.

•

 The development of timeshare units could become less attractive due to decreases in demand for residential, fractional or interval ownership, increases
in mortgage rates and/or decreases in mortgage availability, market absorption or oversupply, with the result that we may not be able to sell the timeshares for a profit or at the prices or selling pace we anticipate. 

In addition, to the extent that developments are conducted through joint ventures that involve shared control, this creates additional
risks, including the possibility that our partners may not meet their financial obligations or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. See “—We may acquire hotel properties through
joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts.” 

Any of the above factors could affect adversely our
and our partners’ ability to complete the developments on schedule and along the scope that currently is contemplated, or to achieve the intended value of these projects. For these reasons, there can be no assurances as to the value to be
realized by the company from these transactions or any future similar transactions. 

21 

Table of Contents

We do not control our hotel operations and we are dependent on the managers of our hotels.

We have entered into management agreements with third-party managers to operate our hotel properties. The cash flow
from our hotels may be affected adversely if our managers fail to provide quality services and amenities or if they or their affiliates fail to maintain a quality brand name. While we monitor the hotel managers’ performance, we have limited
recourse under our management agreements if we believe that the hotel managers are not performing adequately. In addition, from time to time, we have had, and continue to have, differences with the managers of our hotels over their performance and
compliance with the terms of our management agreements. We generally resolve issues with our managers through discussions and negotiations. However, if we are unable to reach satisfactory results through discussions and negotiations, we may choose
to litigate the dispute or submit the matter to third-party dispute resolution. Failure by our hotel managers to fully perform the duties agreed to in our management agreements could affect adversely our results of operations. Our hotel managers or
their affiliates manage, and in some cases own, have invested in, or provided credit support or operating guarantees to hotels that compete with our hotels, all of which may result in conflicts of interest. As a result, our hotel managers have in
the past made, and may in the future make, decisions regarding competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interest. 

We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor.

Our third-party managers are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. Although
we do not directly employ or manage employees at our consolidated hotels (other than employing, but not managing, the associates at our New Zealand and Australian properties), we still are subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated
with the hotel labor force, particularly those hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted as a result of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. We also may incur
increased legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result of contract disputes involving our third-party managers and their labor force or other events. The resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor
costs, a significant component of our costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. We do not have the ability to affect the outcome of these negotiations. 

Our hotels have an ongoing need for renovations and potentially significant capital expenditures in order to remain competitive in the marketplace,
maintain brand standards or to comply with applicable laws or regulations. The timing and costs of such renovations or improvements may result in reduced operating performance during construction and may not improve the return on these investments.

We are required by our loan agreements or agreements with our hotel managers to make agreed upon capital
expenditures. In addition, we will need to make further capital expenditures in order to remain competitive with other hotels, to maintain the economic value of our hotels and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. The timing of these
improvements can affect hotel performance, particularly if the improvements require closure of a significant number of rooms or other features of the hotels, such as ballrooms, meeting space and restaurants. These capital improvements reduce the
availability of cash for other purposes and are subject to cost overruns and delays. In addition, because we depend on external sources of capital, we may not have the necessary funds to invest and, if we fail to maintain our properties in
accordance with brand standards set by our managers, the manager may terminate the management agreement. Moreover, we may not necessarily realize a significant, or any, improvement in the performance of the hotels in which we make these investments.

The ownership of hotels outside the United States and the expansion of our business into new markets outside of the United States will
expose us to risks relating to owning hotels in those international markets. 

Part of our business strategy is to
expand our presence outside of the United States. As of December 31, 2012, we own directly 15 hotels located outside of the United States. We also are party to a joint venture that owns 19 hotels in Europe and to a joint venture that owns one
hotel in Australia and a non-controlling interest in two hotels 

22 

Table of Contents

currently open and five hotels in development in India. We may have difficulty managing our expansion into new geographic markets where we have limited knowledge and understanding of the local
economy, an absence of business relationships in the area, or unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures and regulations. There are risks inherent in conducting business outside of the United States, which include: 

•

 employment laws and practices; 

•

 tax laws, which may provide for income or other taxes or tax rates that exceed those of the U.S. and which may provide that foreign earnings that are
repatriated, directly or indirectly, are subject to dividend withholding tax requirements or other restrictions; 

•

 compliance with and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements or monetary policy; 

•

 the willingness of domestic or international lenders to provide financing and changes in the availability, cost and terms of such financing;

•

 adverse changes in local, political, economic and market conditions; 

•

 insurance coverage related to terrorist events; 

•

 changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates; 

•

 regulations regarding the incurrence of debt; and 

•

 difficulties in complying with U.S. rules governing REITs while operating outside of the United States. 

Any of these factors could affect adversely our ability to obtain all of the intended benefits of our international country expansion. If
we do not effectively manage this expansion and successfully integrate the international hotels into our organization, our operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

We may acquire hotel properties through joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts. 

We have made investments in joint ventures in Europe and Asia and are exploring further investment opportunities in Asia, Europe and Latin America. We may, from time to time, invest as a co-venturer in
other entities holding hotel properties instead of purchasing hotel properties directly. Investments in joint ventures may involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might
become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Co-venturers often share control over the operation of a joint venture. Actions by a co-venturer also could subject the assets to additional risks as a result of any of
the following circumstances: 

•

 our co-venturer might have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our, or the joint venture’s, interests or goals; or

•

 our co-venturer may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests, or contrary to our policies or objectives.

Although generally we will seek to maintain sufficient control of any joint venture in order to permit our
objectives to be achieved, we might not be able to take action without the approval of our joint venture partners. Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent
our officers from focusing their time and effort on our business. 

Our management agreements could affect the sale or financing of our
hotels. 

Under the terms of our management agreements, we generally may not sell, lease or otherwise transfer our
hotels unless the transferee is not a competitor of the manager and the transferee assumes the related management agreements and meets specified other conditions. Our ability to finance or sell our properties, depending upon the structure of such
transactions, may require the manager’s consent. If the manager does not consent to such sale or financing, we may be precluded from taking actions in our best interest. 

23 

Table of Contents

We may not be able to recover fully under our existing terrorism insurance for losses caused by some
types of terrorist acts, and federal terrorism legislation does not ensure that we will be able to obtain terrorism insurance in adequate amounts or at acceptable premium levels in the future. 

We obtain terrorism insurance as part of our all-risk property insurance program, as well as our general liability and directors’
and officers’ coverage. However, our all-risk policies have limitations, such as per occurrence limits, annual aggregate coverage limits and sublimits, all of which might have to be shared proportionally across participating hotels under
certain loss scenarios. Also, all-risk insurers only are required to provide terrorism coverage to the extent mandated by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (“TRIPRA”). Property damage related to war and to nuclear,
radiological, biological and chemical incidents is excluded under our policies. While TRIPRA will reimburse insurers for losses resulting from nuclear, radiological, biological and chemical perils, TRIPRA does not require insurers to offer coverage
for these perils and, to date, insurers are not willing to provide this coverage, even with government reinsurance. We have a wholly-owned captive insurance company through which we obtain a policy for nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological
(“NBCR”) coverage. This captive insurer has the same ability as other insurance companies to apply to the U.S. Treasury for reimbursement, as provided for in TRIPRA, and is subject to the same deductibles and co-insurance obligations. This
potential reimbursement applies to property insurance only, and not to general liability or directors’ and officers’ insurance, and there are no assurances that we will be able to recover any or all of our NBCR losses under this program.

Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. 

We, or our hotel managers, carry comprehensive insurance coverage for general liability, property, business interruption and other risks with respect to all of our hotels and other properties. These
policies offer coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary for similar types of properties. Generally, our “all-risk” property policies provide coverage that is available on a per-occurrence basis and that, for each
occurrence, has an overall limit, as well as various sub-limits, on the amount of insurance proceeds we can receive. Sub-limits exist for certain types of claims, such as service interruption, debris removal, expediting costs, landscaping
replacement and natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods and hurricanes, and may be subject to annual aggregate coverage limits. The dollar amounts of these sub-limits are significantly lower than the dollar amounts of the overall coverage
limit. In this regard, hotels in certain of our markets, including California, Florida and New Zealand, have in the past been and continue to be particularly susceptible to damage from natural disasters. Recovery under the applicable policies also
is subject to substantial deductibles and complex calculations of lost business income. There is no assurance that this insurance, where maintained, will fully fund the re-building or restoration of a hotel that is impacted by an earthquake,
hurricane, or other natural disaster, or the income lost as a result of the damage. Our property policies also provide that all of the claims from each of our properties resulting from a particular insurable event must be combined together for
purposes of evaluating whether the aggregate limits and sub-limits contained in our policies have been exceeded and, in the case where the manager of one of our hotels provides this coverage, any such claims will be combined with the claims of other
owners participating in the manager’s program for the same purpose. Therefore, if an insurable event occurs that affects more than one of our hotels, or, in the case of hotels where coverage is provided by the manager, affects hotels owned by
others, the claims from each affected hotel will be added together to determine whether the aggregate limit or sub-limits, depending on the type of claim, have been reached. Each affected hotel only may receive a proportional share of the amount of
insurance proceeds provided for under the policy if the total value of the loss exceeds the aggregate limits available. We may incur losses in excess of insured limits and, as a result, we may be even less likely to receive complete coverage for
risks that affect multiple properties, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, or certain types of terrorism. 

In addition, there are
other risks, such as certain environmental hazards, that may be deemed to fall completely outside the general coverage limits of our policies or may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify coverage. We also may encounter challenges with an
insurance provider regarding whether it will pay a particular claim that we believe to be covered under our policy. Should a loss in excess of insured limits or an uninsured loss occur, or should we be unsuccessful in obtaining coverage from an
insurance carrier, we could lose all or a part of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the hotel. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial
obligations related to the property. 

24 

Table of Contents

Litigation judgments or settlements could have a significant adverse effect on our financial
condition. 

We have accrued a potential litigation loss of approximately $58 million in
connection with a lawsuit in the 166
th

 Judicial District
Court of Bexar County, Texas involving the sale of land encumbered by a ground lease for the San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter. See Part I Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” for more information on the verdict and the status of the appeal.

We also are involved in various other legal proceedings in the normal course of business and are vigorously defending these
claims; however, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of any pending legal proceedings. We believe, based on currently available information, that the results of such proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition, but might be material to our operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period. 

We also could become the subject of future claims by the operators of our hotels, individuals or companies who use our hotels, our investors, our joint venture partners or regulating entities and these
claims could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and performance. 

We may be subject to unknown or contingent
liabilities related to hotels or businesses we acquire. 

Assets and entities that we have acquired, or may in the
future acquire, may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against the sellers. In general, the representations and warranties provided under the transaction agreements may not
survive long enough for us to become aware of such liabilities and seek recourse against our sellers. While usually we require the sellers to indemnify us with respect to breaches of representations and warranties that survive, such indemnification
often is limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible or an aggregate cap on losses. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by the sellers of
their representations and warranties. The total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with acquired hotels and entities may exceed our expectations, plus we may experience other unanticipated
adverse effects, all of which may affect adversely our revenues, expenses, operating results and financial condition. Finally, indemnification agreements between us and the sellers typically provide that the sellers will retain certain specified
liabilities relating to the assets and entities acquired by us. While the sellers generally are contractually obligated to pay all losses and other expenses relating to such retained liabilities without regard to survival limitations, materiality
thresholds, deductibles or caps on losses, there can be no guarantee that such arrangements will not require us to incur losses or other expenses in addition to those incurred by the sellers. 

We depend on our key personnel. 

Our success depends on the efforts
of our executive officers and other key personnel. None of our key personnel have employment agreements and we do not maintain key person life insurance for any of our executive officers. We cannot assure you that these key personnel will remain
employed by us. While we believe that we could find replacements for these key personnel, the loss of their services could have a significant adverse effect on our financial performance. 

Exchange rate fluctuations could affect adversely our financial results. 

As a result of the expansion of our international operations, currency exchange rate fluctuations could affect our results of operations and financial position. We expect to generate an increasing portion
of our revenue and expenses in such foreign currencies as the Euro, the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso, the Australian dollar, the New Zealand dollar, the British pound sterling, the Polish zloty, the Brazilian real and the Chilean peso. In 2012,
revenues in these currencies represented approximately 5% of our total revenues. Although we may enter into foreign exchange agreements with financial institutions and/or obtain local currency mortgage debt in order to reduce our exposure to
fluctuations in the value of these and other foreign currencies, these transactions, if entered into, will not eliminate that risk entirely. To the extent that we are unable to match revenue received in foreign currencies with expenses paid in the
same currency, exchange rate fluctuations could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, because our consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, if we generate revenues or earnings
in other currencies, the conversion of such amounts into U.S. dollars can result in an increase or decrease in the amount of our revenues or earnings. 

25 

Table of Contents

Applicable REIT laws may restrict certain business activities. 

As a REIT, Host Inc. is subject to various restrictions on the types of income it can earn, assets it can own and activities in which it
can engage. Business activities that could be impacted by applicable REIT laws include, but are not limited to, activities such as developing alternative uses of real estate, including the development and/or sale of timeshare or condominium units.
Due to these restrictions, we anticipate that we will conduct certain business activities, including those mentioned above, in one or more of our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries are taxable as regular C corporations and are
subject to federal, state, local, and, if applicable, foreign taxation on their taxable income. 

We may be unable to sell properties
because real estate investments are inherently illiquid. 

Real estate properties generally cannot be sold quickly and,
accordingly, we may not be able to vary our portfolio promptly in response to economic or other conditions. The inability to respond promptly to changes in the performance of our investments could affect adversely our financial condition and the
ability to service our debt. In addition, under the federal income tax laws applicable to REITs, we may be limited in our ability to recognize the full economic benefit from a sale of our assets. 

Our ground lease payments may increase faster than the revenues we receive on the hotels located on the leased properties. 

As of December 31, 2012, 38 of our hotels are subject to third-party ground leases (encumbering all or a portion of the hotel).
These ground leases generally require periodic increases in ground rent payments, which are often based on economic indicators such as the Consumer Price Index. Our ability to pay ground rent could be affected adversely to the extent that our hotel
revenues do not increase at the same or a greater rate than the increases in rental payments under the ground leases. In addition, if we were to sell a hotel encumbered by a ground lease, the buyer would be required to assume the ground lease, which
may result in a lower sales price. 

Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. 

We believe that our properties comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws. Unidentified environmental liabilities
could arise, however, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and performance. Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or
operator of real estate to investigate and remediate hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at the property. The owner or operator may be required to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage, and for
investigation and remediation costs incurred by the parties in connection with the contamination. These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the
contaminants. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or
operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site. Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of toxic or hazardous substances. These laws require that owners or
operators of buildings properly manage and maintain these substances and notify and train those who may come into contact with them and undertake special precautions. These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail
to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to toxic or hazardous materials. 

Compliance with other government regulations can be costly. 

Our
hotels are subject to various other forms of regulation, including Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”), building codes and regulations pertaining to fire and life safety. Under the ADA, all

26 

Table of Contents

public accommodations are required to meet certain federal rules related to access and use by disabled persons. These laws and regulations may be changed from time-to-time, or new regulations
adopted, resulting in additional costs of compliance, including potential litigation. For example, the ADA was revised substantially in September 2010 and our facilities were required to comply with the new regulations by March 15, 2012. A
determination that we are not in compliance with the ADA could result in a court order to bring the hotel into compliance, imposition of fines or an award of attorneys’ fees to private litigants. Compliance with the ADA and other laws and
regulations could require substantial capital expenditures. Any increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In addition, the operations of our international properties are subject to a variety of United States and international laws and
regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”). We have policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws, but we cannot assure you that we will continue to
be found to be operating in compliance with, or be able to detect violations of, any such laws or regulations. In addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international properties might
be subject and the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. 

Risks of Ownership of Host Inc.’s Common Stock

There are limitations on the acquisition of Host Inc. common stock and changes in control. 

Host Inc.’s charter and bylaws, the partnership agreement of Host L.P., and the Maryland General Corporation Law (the
“MGCL”) contain a number of provisions, the exercise or existence of which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for Host Inc.’s stockholders or Host L.P.’s
unitholders or otherwise be in their best interests, including the following: 

•

 Restrictions on transfer and ownership of Host Inc.’s stock. To maintain Host Inc.’s qualification as a REIT for federal income
tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of Host Inc.’s outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned in the last half of the taxable year, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, which, as defined in the Code, may include
certain entities. In addition, if Host Inc., or one or more owners of 10% or more of Host Inc., actually or constructively owns 10% or more of a tenant of Host Inc. or a tenant of any partnership in which Host Inc. is a partner, the rent received by
Host Inc. either directly or through any such partnership from such tenant generally will not be qualifying income for purposes of the REIT income qualification tests of the Code, and therefore could jeopardize Host Inc.’s qualification as a
REIT, unless the tenant qualifies as a TRS and certain other requirements are met. 

Accordingly, Host
Inc.’s charter prohibits ownership, directly or by attribution, by any person or persons acting as a group, of more than 9.8% in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of shares of Host Inc.’s outstanding common stock, preferred
stock or any other class or series of stock, each considered as a separate class or series for this purpose. Together, these limitations are referred to as the “ownership limit.” 

Stock acquired or held in violation of the ownership limit will be transferred automatically to a trust for the benefit of a designated
charitable beneficiary, and the intended acquirer of the stock in violation of the ownership limit will not be entitled to any distributions thereon, to vote those shares of stock or to receive any proceeds from the subsequent sale of the stock in
excess of the lesser of the price paid for the stock or the amount realized from the sale. A transfer of shares of Host Inc.’s stock to a person who, as a result of the transfer, violates the ownership limit may be void under certain
circumstances, and, in any event, would deny that person any of the economic benefits of owning shares of Host Inc.’s stock in excess of the ownership limit. These restrictions will not apply if Host Inc.’s Board of Directors determines
that it is no longer in Host Inc.’s best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions on transfer and ownership is no longer required for Host Inc. to qualify as a REIT. 

•

 Removal of Board of Directors. Host Inc.’s charter provides that, except for any directors who may be elected by holders of a class or
series of shares of capital stock other than common stock, directors may be removed only for cause and by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of all

27 

Table of Contents

the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. Vacancies on Host Inc.’s Board of Directors may be filled, at any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that
purpose, by the affirmative vote of the remaining directors, except that a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the entire Board of Directors. Any vacancy resulting from the removal of a
director by the stockholders may be filled by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 

•

 Preferred shares; classification or reclassification of unissued shares of capital stock without stockholder approval. Host Inc.’s
charter provides that the total number of shares of stock of all classes that Host Inc. has authority to issue is 1,100,000,000, consisting of 1,050,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Host Inc.’s Board of
Directors has the authority, without a vote of stockholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock, and to establish the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Because Host Inc.’s Board of Directors has this power, it may give the holders of any class or
series of stock terms, preferences, powers and rights, including voting rights, senior to the rights of holders of existing stock. 

•

 Certain provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third-party to acquire control of Host Inc. Certain provisions of the MGCL may have
the effect of inhibiting a third-party from acquiring Host Inc., including: 

•

 “business combination” provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between a corporation and an
“interested stockholder” (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of the corporation’s then outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any
time within the two year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation) or an affiliate of any interested stockholder for five years
after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes two super-majority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations: and 

•

 “control share” provisions that provide that holders of “control shares” of a corporation (defined as voting shares of stock that,
if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned or controlled by the acquirer, would entitle the acquirer to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a “control share acquisition”
(defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of issued and outstanding “control shares”) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled
to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 

Host Inc. is subject to the Maryland business
combination statute. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting us from the control share provisions of the MGCL. There can be no assurance that this bylaw provision exempting us from the control share provisions will not be amended or eliminated at
any time in the future. 

Additionally, Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits our board of directors, without stockholder
approval and regardless of what currently is provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses, such as a classified board, some of which we do not have. 

•

 Merger, consolidation, share exchange and transfer of Host Inc.’s assets. Under Maryland law and Host Inc.’s charter, subject to
the terms of any outstanding class or series of capital stock, we can merge with or into another entity, consolidate with one or more other entities, participate in a share exchange or transfer Host Inc.’s assets within the meaning of the MGCL
if approved (1) by Host Inc.’s Board of Directors in the manner provided in the MGCL, and (2) by Host Inc.’s stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, except that any merger of Host Inc.
with or into a trust organized for the purpose of changing Host Inc.’s form of organization from a corporation to a trust 

28 

Table of Contents

requires only the approval of Host Inc.’s stockholders holding a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the merger. Under the MGCL, specified mergers may be approved without a vote of
stockholders and a share exchange only is required to be approved by the board of directors of a Maryland corporation if the corporation is the successor entity. Host Inc.’s voluntary dissolution also would require approval of stockholders
holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

•

 Certain charter and bylaw amendments. Host Inc.’s charter contains provisions relating to restrictions on transfer and ownership of
Host Inc.’s stock, fixing the size of the Board of Directors within the range set forth in the charter, removal of directors, the filling of vacancies, exculpation and indemnification of directors, calling special stockholder meetings and
others, all of which may be amended only by a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors and approved by Host Inc.’s stockholders holding two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Other charter amendments generally require
approval of the Board and the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. As permitted under the MGCL, Host Inc.’s charter and bylaws provide that the Board of Directors has the exclusive right to
amend Host Inc.’s bylaws. These provisions may make it more difficult to amend Host Inc.’s charter and bylaws to alter the provisions described herein that could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control or the
acquisition of Host Inc. common stock, without the approval of the Board of Directors. 

Shares of Host Inc.’s
common stock that are or become available for sale could affect the share price of Host Inc.’s common stock. 

We
may issue additional shares of common stock to raise the capital necessary to finance hotel acquisitions, fund capital expenditures, refinance debt or for other corporate purposes. Sales of a substantial number of shares of Host Inc.’s common
stock, or the perception that sales could occur, could affect adversely prevailing market prices for Host Inc.’s common stock. In addition, holders of OP units who redeem their units and receive, at Host Inc.’s election, shares of Host
Inc. common stock will be able to sell those shares freely. As of December 31, 2012, there are approximately 9.9 million OP units outstanding owned by third parties that are redeemable, which represents approximately 1.4% of all
outstanding units. Further, a substantial number of shares of Host Inc.’s common stock have been and will be issued or reserved for issuance from time to time under our employee benefit plans. We maintain two stock-based compensation plans:
(i) the comprehensive stock plan, whereby we may award to participating employees and directors restricted shares of common stock, options to purchase common stock and deferred shares of common stock, and (ii) an employee stock purchase
plan. At December 31, 2012, there were approximately 19 million shares of Host Inc.’s common stock reserved and available for issuance under the comprehensive stock plan and employee stock purchase plan and 1.0 million
outstanding options exercisable with a weighted average exercise price of $9.86 per share. 

Also as of December 31, 2012,
Host L.P. had outstanding $575 million principal amount of exchangeable senior debentures that could become exchangeable, under certain conditions, for shares of Host Inc.’s common stock. Although the exchange conditions currently have not
been satisfied, these debentures would be exchangeable for approximately 41 million shares based on the current exchange prices. For $400 million of such exchangeable debentures, however, Host Inc. has the option to issue cash, shares of
Host Inc.’s common stock or any combination thereof in settlement of the debentures, should they be presented for exchange. 

On April 24, 2012, Host Inc. entered into two sales financing agreements, one with each of BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., through which Host Inc. may issue and sell,
from time to time, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $400 million. The sales will be made in “at the market” offerings under SEC rules, including sales made directly on the New York Stock Exchange.
Each of BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. is acting as sales agent. Host Inc. may sell shares of common stock under its program, from time to time, based on market conditions, although it is not under an obligation to
sell any shares. As of December 31, 2012, approximately $100 million of Host Inc.’s common stock have been issued and sold pursuant to the program. Shares of Host Inc.’s common stock, having an aggregate offering price of
approximately $300 million, remain issuable from time to time under the agreements. Any additional shares of common stock issued by Host Inc., whether issued under this program or otherwise, would be available in the future for sale in the
public markets. 

29 

Table of Contents

Our earnings and cash distributions will affect the market price of shares of Host Inc.’s common
stock. 

We believe that the market value of a REIT’s equity securities is based primarily upon the market’s
perception of the REIT’s growth potential and its current and potential future cash distributions, whether from operations, sales, acquisitions, development or refinancings, and secondarily is based upon the value of the underlying assets. For
that reason, shares of Host Inc.’s common stock may trade at prices that are higher or lower than the net asset value per share. To the extent that we retain operating cash flow for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other
purposes, rather than distributing the cash flow to stockholders, these retained funds, while increasing the value of our underlying assets, may impact negatively the market price of Host Inc.’s common stock. Our failure to meet the
market’s expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions likely would affect adversely the market price of Host Inc.’s common stock. 

Market interest rates may affect the price of shares of Host Inc.’s common stock. 

We believe that one of the factors that investors consider important in deciding whether to buy or sell shares of a REIT is the dividend rate on the shares, considered as a percentage of the price of the
shares, relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective purchasers of REIT shares may expect a higher dividend rate. Thus, higher market interest rates could cause the market price of Host Inc.’s common stock
to decrease. 

Federal Income Tax Risks 

To qualify as a REIT, each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs are required to distribute at least 90% of its taxable income, excluding net capital gain, regardless of available cash or
outstanding obligations. 

To continue to qualify as a REIT, Host Inc. is required to distribute to its stockholders
with respect to each year at least 90% of its taxable income, excluding net capital gain. To the extent that Host Inc. satisfies this distribution requirement, but distributes less than 100% of its taxable income and net capital gain for the taxable
year, it will be subject to federal and state corporate income tax on its undistributed taxable income and net capital gain. In addition, Host Inc. will be subject to a nondeductible 4% excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions made
by Host Inc. with respect to the calendar year are less than the sum of (1) 85% of its ordinary income, (2) 95% of its net capital gain, and (3) any undistributed taxable income from prior years, less excess distributions from prior
years. Host Inc. intends to make distributions, subject to the availability of cash and in compliance with any debt covenants, to its stockholders in order to comply with the distribution requirement and to avoid the imposition of a significant
nondeductible 4% excise tax and will rely for this purpose on distributions from Host L.P. and its subsidiaries. There are differences in timing between Host Inc.’s recognition of taxable income and its receipt of cash available for
distribution due to, among other things, the seasonality of the lodging industry and the fact that some taxable income will be “phantom” taxable income, which is taxable income that is not matched by cash flow. Due to transactions entered
into in years prior to Host Inc.’s conversion to a REIT, Host Inc. could recognize substantial amounts of “phantom” taxable income in the future. It is possible that any differences between the recognition of taxable income and the
receipt of the related cash could require us to borrow funds or for Host Inc. to issue additional equity in order to enable Host Inc. to meet its distribution requirements and, therefore, to maintain its REIT status and to avoid the nondeductible 4%
excise tax. In addition, because the REIT distribution requirements prevent Host Inc. from retaining earnings, generally we will be required to refinance debt at its maturity with additional debt or equity. It is possible that any of these sources
of funds, if available at all, would not be sufficient to meet Host Inc.’s distribution and tax obligations. 

Host L.P.
owns 100% of the outstanding common stock and a portion of the outstanding preferred stock of two entities that have elected to be treated as REITs. Each of these subsidiary REITs are subject to the same requirements that Host Inc. must satisfy in
order to qualify as a REIT, including the distribution requirements described above. 

Adverse tax consequences would occur if Host Inc.
or any of its subsidiary REITs fail to qualify as a REIT. 

We believe that Host Inc. has been organized and has
operated in such a manner so as to qualify as a REIT under the Code, commencing with its taxable year beginning January 1, 1999, and Host Inc. currently intends to 

30 

Table of Contents

continue to operate as a REIT during future years. In addition, Host Inc. owns, through Host L.P., two entities that have elected to be treated as REITs. As the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT are extremely complex and interpretations of the federal income tax laws governing qualification and taxation as a REIT are limited, no assurance can be provided that Host Inc. currently qualifies as a REIT or will continue to
qualify as a REIT or that each of Host Inc.’s subsidiary REITs qualify as a REIT. If any of the subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that Host Inc. would fail to qualify as a REIT unless it (or the subsidiary REIT)
could avail itself of certain relief provisions. New legislation, treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could change significantly the tax laws with respect to an entity’s qualification as a REIT or the federal
income tax consequences of its REIT qualification. If Host Inc. or any of the subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, and any available relief provisions did not apply, the non-qualifying REIT would not be allowed to take a deduction for
distributions to its stockholders in computing its taxable income, and it would be subject to federal and state corporate income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on its taxable income at regular corporate rates. Moreover,
unless entitled to statutory relief, the non-qualifying REIT would not qualify as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which REIT qualification was lost. 

Any determination that Host Inc. or one of its subsidiary REITs does not qualify as a REIT will have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and could materially reduce the value of Host Inc.’s common stock. The additional tax liability of Host Inc. or the subsidiary REIT for the year, or years, in which the relevant entity did not qualify as a REIT would
reduce its net earnings available for investment, debt service or distributions to stockholders. Furthermore, the non-qualifying entity no longer would be required to make distributions to stockholders as a condition to REIT qualification and all of
its distributions to stockholders would be taxable as ordinary C corporation dividends to the extent of its current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that, if Host Inc. were to fail to qualify as a REIT, Host Inc.’s stockholders
currently taxed as individuals would be taxed on those dividends at capital gain rates and Host Inc.’s corporate stockholders generally would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject in each case
to applicable limitations under the Code. Host Inc.’s failure to qualify as a REIT also would cause an event of default under Host L.P.’s credit facility, which default could lead to an acceleration of the amounts due thereunder, which, in
turn, would constitute an event of default under Host L.P.’s outstanding debt securities. 

If our leases are not respected as true
leases for federal income tax purposes, each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs would fail to qualify as a REIT. 

To qualify as a REIT, Host Inc. must satisfy two gross income tests, pursuant to which specified percentages of its gross income must be
passive income, such as rent. For the rent paid pursuant to the hotel leases with our TRS, which rental income currently constitutes substantially all of Host Inc.’s and each of our subsidiary REITs’ gross income, to qualify for purposes
of the gross income tests, our leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and must not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. We believe that the leases will be respected as
true leases for federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) will agree with this characterization. If the leases were not respected as true leases for federal income tax
purposes, neither Host Inc. nor either of our subsidiary REITs would be able to satisfy either of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs and each likely would lose its REIT status. 

If our affiliated lessees fail to qualify as taxable REIT subsidiaries, each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs would fail to qualify as a REIT. 

Rent paid by a lessee that is a “related party tenant” of Host Inc. will not be qualifying income for purposes of the two gross
income tests applicable to REITs. We lease substantially all of our hotels to our subsidiary that is taxable as a regular C corporation and that has elected to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary with respect to Host Inc. So long as any
affiliated lessee qualifies as a taxable REIT subsidiary, it will not be treated as a “related party tenant.” We believe that our affiliated lessees have qualified and will continue to qualify, and that the taxable REIT subsidiaries of
each of our subsidiary REITs have qualified and will continue to qualify, to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries for federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS will not challenge the status of a taxable REIT
subsidiary for federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in disqualifying any of our affiliated lessees (including the taxable REIT subsidiaries of our subsidiary REITs) from treatment
as a taxable REIT subsidiary, it is possible that 

31 

Table of Contents

Host Inc. or a subsidiary REIT would fail to meet the asset tests applicable to REITs and substantially all of its income would fail to qualify for the gross income tests. If Host Inc. or a
subsidiary REIT failed to meet either the asset tests or the gross income tests, each likely would lose its REIT status. 

Despite the
REIT status of each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs, we remain subject to various taxes. 

One of the subsidiary
REITs of Host Inc. will be required to pay federal income tax at the highest regular corporate rate on “built-in gain” recognized as a result of the sale of one or more of its hotel assets prior to the expiration of the applicable 10-year
holding period, including certain hotels acquired from Starwood and its affiliates in 2006. The total amount of gain on which the subsidiary REIT would be subject to corporate income tax if all of its built-in gain assets were sold in a taxable
transaction prior to the expiration of the applicable 10-year holding period would be material to it. In addition, we expect that we could recognize other substantial deferred tax liabilities in the future without any corresponding receipt of cash.

Notwithstanding Host Inc.’s status as a REIT, Host Inc. and our subsidiaries (including our subsidiary REITs) are
subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on their income and property. For example, Host Inc. and our subsidiary REITs will pay tax on certain types of income that are not distributed and will be subject to a 100% excise tax on
transactions with a taxable REIT subsidiary that are not conducted on an arm’s length basis. Moreover, the taxable REIT subsidiaries of Host Inc. and our subsidiary REITs are taxable as regular C corporations and will pay federal, state and
local income tax on their net income at the applicable corporate rates, and foreign taxes to the extent that they own assets or conduct operations in international jurisdictions. 

Host L.P. is obligated under its partnership agreement to pay all such taxes (and any related interest and penalties) incurred by Host
Inc. 

If the IRS were to challenge successfully Host L.P.’s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, Host Inc.
would cease to qualify as a REIT and would suffer other adverse consequences. 

We believe that Host L.P. qualifies to
be treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, it is not subject to federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of its partners, including Host Inc., is required to report and pay tax, if applicable, on such
partner’s allocable share of its income. No assurance can be provided, however, that the IRS will not challenge Host L.P.’s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the
IRS were successful in treating Host L.P. as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, Host Inc. would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, cease to qualify as a REIT. If Host
L.P. fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes or Host Inc. fails to qualify as a REIT, either failure would cause an event of default under Host L.P.’s credit facility that, in turn, could constitute an event of default
under Host L.P.’s outstanding debt securities. Also, the failure of Host L.P. to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes would cause it to become subject to federal, state and foreign corporate income tax, which tax would
reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners, including Host Inc. 

As a REIT,
each of Host Inc. and its subsidiary REITs is subject to limitations on its ownership of debt and equity securities. 

Subject to certain exceptions, a REIT generally is prohibited from owning securities in any one issuer to the extent that (1) the
value of such securities exceeds 5% of the value of the REIT’s total assets, (2) the securities owned by the REIT represent more than 10% of the issuer’s outstanding voting securities, or (3) the REIT owns more than 10% of the
value of the issuer’s outstanding securities. A REIT is permitted to own securities of a subsidiary in an amount that exceeds the 5% value test and the 10% vote or value test if the subsidiary elects to be a taxable REIT subsidiary. However, a
REIT may not own securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries that represent in the aggregate more than 25% of the value of the REIT’s total assets. If Host Inc. or any of its subsidiary REITs were to violate these ownership limitations, each likely
would lose its REIT status. 

32 

Table of Contents

Each of Host Inc. or its subsidiary REITs may be required to pay a penalty tax upon the sale of a
hotel. 

The federal income tax provisions applicable to REITs provide that any gain realized by a REIT on the sale of
property held as inventory or other property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a “prohibited transaction” that is subject to a 100% excise tax. Under existing law, whether
property, including hotels, is held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is a question of fact that depends upon all of the facts and circumstances with respect to the particular transaction. We intend
to hold our hotels for investment with a view to long-term appreciation, to engage in the business of acquiring and owning hotels and to make occasional sales of hotels consistent with our investment objectives. There can be no assurance, however,
that the IRS might not contend that one or more of these sales are subject to the 100% excise tax. 

Risks Relating to Redemption of OP
Units 

A holder who offers its OP units for redemption may have adverse tax consequences. 

A holder whose OP units are redeemed will be treated for federal and state income tax purposes as having sold the OP units. The sale of
these units is a taxable event and the holder thereof will be treated as realizing an amount equal to the sum of (1) the value of the common stock or cash the holder receives, and (2) the amount of Host L.P.’s nonrecourse liabilities
allocated to the redeemed OP units. The gain or loss recognized by the holder of OP units is measured by the difference between the amount realized by the holder and the holder’s basis in the OP units redeemed (which basis includes the amount
of Host L.P.’s nonrecourse liabilities allocated to the redeemed OP units). It is possible that the amount of gain and/or the tax liability related thereto that the holder recognizes and pays could exceed the value of the common stock or cash
that the holder receives. 

If a holder of OP units elects to offer them for redemption, the original receipt of the OP units may be
subject to tax. 

If a holder of OP units elects to have its units redeemed, particularly within two years of receiving
them, there is a risk that the original receipt of the OP units may be treated as a taxable sale under the “disguised sale” rules of the Internal Revenue Code. Subject to several exceptions, the tax law generally provides that a
partner’s contribution of property to a partnership and a simultaneous or subsequent transfer of money or other consideration from the partnership to the partner will be presumed to be a taxable sale. In particular, if money or other
consideration is transferred by a partnership to a partner within two years of the partner’s contribution of property, the transactions are presumed to be a taxable sale of the contributed property, unless the facts and circumstances clearly
establish that the transfers are not a sale. On the other hand, if two years have passed between the original contribution of property and the transfer of money or other consideration, the transactions will not be presumed to be a taxable sale,
unless the facts and circumstances clearly establish that they should be so treated. 

Differences between an investment in shares of
Host Inc. common stock and OP units may affect redeemed holders of OP units. 

If a holder of OP units elects to have
OP units redeemed, we will determine whether the holder receives cash or shares of Host Inc.’s common stock in exchange for the OP units. Although an investment in shares of Host Inc.’s common stock is substantially similar to an
investment in OP units, there are some differences between ownership of OP units and ownership of Host Inc. common stock. These differences include form of organization, management structure, voting rights, liquidity and federal income taxation,
some of which may be material to investors.