The statements in this section
describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Our disclosure and analysis in this 2006 Form 10-K and in our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that set forth
anticipated results based on management’s plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as our forward-looking statements. Such statements give our
current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify each such statement by using words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,”
“expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will,” “target,” “forecast” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial
performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated expenses, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and
financial results. 

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statements will be realized, although we believe we have been
prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove
inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. 

15 

Table of Contents

We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make or related subjects in our 10-Q and 8-K reports to the SEC. Also note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of risks,
uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions relevant to our businesses. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. We note these
factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a
complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

Financial Risks and Risks of Operation 

We depend on external sources of capital for future growth and we may be unable to access capital when necessary.

Unlike regular C corporations, we must fund debt pay-downs or finance our growth largely with external sources of capital because we are required to
distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income (other than net capital gains) in order to qualify as a REIT, including taxable income we recognize for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which we do not receive
corresponding cash. Our ability to access the external capital we require could be hampered by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including declining general market conditions, unfavorable market perception of our growth
potential, decreases in our current and estimated future earnings, excessive cash distributions or decreases in the market price of Host’s common stock. In addition, our ability to access additional capital may also be limited by the terms of
our existing indebtedness, which, among other things, restricts our incurrence of debt and the payment of distributions. The occurrence of any of these above-mentioned factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us from being able to
obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us or at all and the failure to obtain necessary external capital could have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance our future growth. 

We have substantial debt. 

As of December 31,
2006, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $5.9 billion. 

Our substantial indebtedness has important
consequences. It currently requires us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital
expenditures, expansion efforts, distributions to our partners and other general purposes. Additionally, it could: 

•

 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 

•

 limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general business
purposes on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or 

•

 affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. 

Because we must distribute most of our taxable income in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we depend upon external sources of capital for
future growth. If our cash flow and working capital were not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we would have to raise additional funds through: 

•

 sales of our equity; 

•

 the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host LP; or 

•

 the sale of our assets. 

16 

Table of Contents

We cannot assure you that any of these sources of funds would be available to us or, if available, would
be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient for us to meet our obligations or fulfill our business plan. 

Our revenues and the
value of our properties are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry. 

The lodging industry experienced a downturn from 2001
to 2003, and operations generally declined during this period. The decline was attributed to a number of factors including a weak economy, the effect of terrorist attacks, terror alerts in the United States and the war in Iraq, all of which changed
the travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers. While our operations have improved over the past three years, we cannot provide assurance that changes in travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers will not create difficulties
for the industry over the long-term. Any forecast we make regarding our results of operations may be affected and can change based on the following risks: 

•

 changes in the national, regional and local economic climate; 

•

 changes in business and leisure travel patterns; 

•

 local market conditions such as an oversupply of hotel rooms or a reduction in lodging demand; 

•

 the attractiveness of our hotels to consumers relative to our competition; 

•

 the performance of the managers of our hotels; 

•

 changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors; and 

•

 unionization of the labor force at our hotels. 

Future terrorist attacks or changes in terror alert levels could adversely affect us.

Previous terrorist attacks in the
United States and subsequent terrorist alerts have adversely affected the travel and hospitality industries over the past several years. The impact which terrorist attacks in the United States or elsewhere could have on our business in particular
and the U.S. economy, the global economy and global financial markets in general is indeterminable. It is possible that such attacks or the threat of such attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to finance our
business, our ability to insure our properties and/or our results of operations and financial condition as a whole. 

Our expenses may not decrease if
our revenue decreases. 

Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt payments, property taxes,
insurance, utilities, and employee wages and benefits, are relatively inflexible and do not necessarily decrease in tandem with a reduction in revenue at the hotels. Our expenses will also be affected by inflationary increases, and in the case of
certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period. Our managers may be unable to offset any such increased expenses with higher room rates. Any of our efforts to reduce operating costs or
failure to make scheduled capital expenditures could adversely affect the growth of our business and the value of our hotel properties. 

Our ground
lease payments may increase faster than the revenues we receive on the hotels situated on the leased properties. 

As of
February 23, 2007, 38 of our hotels are subject to third-party ground leases (encumbering all or a portion of the hotel). These ground leases generally require periodic increases in ground rent payments, which are often based on economic
indicators such as the Consumer Price Index. Our ability to service our debt could be adversely affected to the extent that our revenues do not increase at the same or a greater rate than the increases in rental payments under the ground leases. In
addition, if we were to sell a hotel encumbered by a ground lease, the buyer would have to assume the ground lease, which may result in a lower sales price. 

17 

Table of Contents

We do not control our hotel operations and we are dependent on the managers of our hotels. 

Because federal income tax laws restrict REITs and their subsidiaries from operating or managing a hotel, we do not operate or manage our hotels. Instead,
we lease substantially all of our hotels to subsidiaries which qualify as “taxable REIT subsidiaries” under applicable REIT laws, and our taxable REIT subsidiaries retain third-party managers to operate our hotels pursuant to management
agreements. Our cash flow from the hotels may be adversely affected if our managers fail to provide quality services and amenities or if they or their affiliates fail to maintain a quality brand name. While our taxable REIT subsidiaries monitor the
hotel managers’ performance, we have limited specific recourse under our management agreements if we believe that the hotel managers are not performing adequately. In addition, from time to time, we have had, and continue to have, differences
with the managers of our hotels over their performance and compliance with the terms of our management agreements. We generally resolve issues with our managers through discussions and negotiations. However, if we are unable to reach satisfactory
results through discussions and negotiations, we may choose to litigate the dispute or submit the matter to third-party dispute resolution. Failure by our hotel managers to fully perform the duties agreed to in our management agreements could
adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, our hotel managers or their affiliates manage, and in some cases own or have invested in, hotels that compete with our hotels, which may result in conflicts of interest. As a result, our hotel
managers have in the past made and may in the future make decisions regarding competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interests. 

The terms of our debt place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, reducing operational flexibility and creating default risks. 

The documents governing the terms of our existing senior notes and our credit facility contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. These covenants will restrict, amongst other things, our ability and the ability of
our subsidiaries to: 

•

 conduct acquisitions, mergers or consolidations unless the successor entity in such transaction assumes our indebtedness; 

•

 incur additional debt in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; 

•

 create liens securing indebtedness, unless effective provision is made to secure our other indebtedness by such liens; 

•

 sell assets without using the proceeds from such sales for certain permitted uses or to make an offer to repay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness;

•

 make capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds; 

•

 raise capital; 

•

 pay dividends without satisfying certain financial metrics; and 

•

 conduct transactions with affiliates other than on an arms length basis and, in certain instances, without obtaining opinions as to the fairness of such
transactions. 

In addition, certain covenants in the credit facility require us and our subsidiaries to meet financial
performance tests. The restrictive covenants in the applicable indenture(s), the credit facility and the documents governing our other debt (including our mortgage debt) will reduce our flexibility in conducting our operations and will limit our
ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all or a
substantial portion of our debt. For a detailed description of the covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
— Financial Condition”. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our ability to pay dividends may be limited or prohibited by the terms of our indebtedness. 

We are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and instruments that restrict or prevent the payment of dividends on our classes and series of
capital stock. Under the terms of Host LP’s credit facility and senior notes indenture, distributions to Host by Host LP, upon which Host depends in order to obtain the cash necessary to pay dividends, are permitted only to the extent that, at
the time of the distribution, Host LP can satisfy certain financial covenant tests and meet other requirements. 

For example, between July
2002 and March 2004, Host LP’s ability to make distributions was limited because our consolidated EBITDA-to-interest coverage ratio as calculated under the indenture governing our senior notes (which measures the ratio of pro forma consolidated
EBITDA to pro forma consolidated interest expense) was below 2.0 to 1.0. During this period, Host LP was only able to make distributions to Host, and Host was only able to pay dividends, to the extent that we had taxable income and were required to
make distributions to maintain Host’s status as a REIT. While our EBITDA-to-interest coverage ratio is currently above this requirement, a decline in our operations could once again limit the amount of distributions Host LP could make, either
because our EBITDA-to-interest coverage ratio again falls below 2.0 to 1.0 or because we fail to meet other financial covenant tests in our credit facility or senior notes indenture. Also, effective with the redemption of our Series G senior notes
in December 2006, Host LP is able to make distributions to enable Host to pay dividends on its preferred stock when our EBITDA-to-interest coverage ratio is above 1.7 to 1.0. 

We intend, during any future period in which Host LP is unable to make restricted payments under the indenture(s) and under similar restrictions under
the credit facility, that Host LP will continue its practice of distributing quarterly, based on our estimates of taxable income for any year, an amount of available cash sufficient to enable Host to pay quarterly dividends on our preferred and
common stock in an amount necessary to satisfy the requirements applicable to REITs under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In the event that Host LP makes distributions to Host in amounts in excess of those necessary for us to maintain
our status as a REIT during a period when such distributions are restricted, Host LP will be in default under the senior notes indenture. 

Our ability
to pay dividends on our common stock may also be limited or prohibited by the terms of our preferred stock. 

Under the terms of our
outstanding preferred stock, we are not permitted to pay dividends on our common stock unless cumulative dividends have been paid (or funds for payment have been set aside for payment) on such class of preferred stock. The amount of aggregate
dividends that accrue on our outstanding classes of preferred stock each quarter is approximately $2 million. 

In the event that we
fail to pay the accrued dividends on our preferred stock for any reason, including because we are prevented from paying such dividends under the terms of our debt instruments (as discussed above), dividends will continue to accrue on all outstanding
classes of our preferred stock and we will be prohibited from paying any dividends on our common stock until all such accrued but unpaid dividends on our preferred stock have been paid (or funds for such payment have been set aside). 

We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor. 

We have entered into management agreements with third-party managers to operate our hotel properties. Our third-party managers are responsible for hiring
and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. Although we do not directly employ or manage the labor force at our hotels, we are subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force, particularly those
hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotels operations may be disrupted through strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. We may also incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result
of contract disputes or other events. Additionally, hotels where our managers have collective bargaining agreements 

19 

Table of Contents

with employees (approximately 20% of our current portfolio, by revenues) are more highly affected by labor force activities than others. In addition, the
resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. Because collective bargaining agreements are
negotiated between the managers of our hotels and labor unions, we do not have the ability to control the outcome of these negotiations. 

Foreclosure on
our mortgage debt could adversely affect our business. 

As of February 23, 2007, 29 of our hotels and assets related thereto are
subject to various mortgages in an aggregate amount of approximately $2.1 billion. Although the debt is generally non-recourse to us, if these hotels do not produce adequate cash flow to service the debt secured by such mortgages, the mortgage
lenders could foreclose on these assets. We may opt to allow such foreclosure rather than make the necessary mortgage payments with funds from other sources. However, Host LP’s senior notes indenture and credit facility contain cross-default
provisions, which, depending upon the amount of secured debt defaulted on, could cause a cross-default under both of these agreements. Host LP’s credit facility, which contains the more restrictive cross default provision as compared to its
senior notes indenture, provides that it is a credit facility default in the event Host LP defaults on non-recourse secured indebtedness in excess of 1% of its total assets (using undepreciated real estate values) or defaults on other indebtedness
in excess of $50 million. For this and other reasons, permitting a foreclosure could adversely affect our long-term business prospects. 

Our mortgage
debt contains provisions that may reduce our liquidity.

Certain of our mortgage debt requires that, to the extent cash flow from the
hotels which secure such debt drops below stated levels, we escrow cash flow after the payment of debt service until operations improve above the stated levels. In some cases, the escrowed amount may be applied to the outstanding balance of the
mortgage debt. When such provisions are triggered, there can be no assurance that the affected properties will achieve the minimum cash flow levels required to trigger a release of any escrowed funds. The amounts required to be escrowed may be
material and may negatively affect our liquidity by limiting our access to cash flow after debt service from these mortgaged properties. 

Rating agency
downgrades may increase our cost of capital.

Both our senior notes and our preferred stock are rated by Moody’s Investors’
Service, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings. These independent rating agencies may elect to downgrade their ratings on our senior notes and our preferred stock at any time. Such downgrades may negatively affect our access to the
capital markets and increase our cost of capital. 

Our management agreements could impair the sale or financing of our hotels.

Under the terms of our management agreements, we generally may not sell, lease or otherwise transfer the hotels unless the transferee is not a competitor
of the manager and the transferee assumes the related management agreements and meets specified other conditions. Our ability to finance or sell our properties, depending upon the structure of such transactions, may require the manager’s
consent. If, in these circumstances, the manager does not consent, we may be precluded from taking actions in our best interest without breaching the applicable management agreement. 

The acquisition contracts relating to some hotels limit our ability to sell or refinance those hotels. 

For reasons relating to federal and state income tax considerations of the former and current owners of five hotels, we have agreed to restrictions on selling the hotels, or repaying or refinancing the mortgage debt for varying periods
depending on the hotel. We have also agreed not to sell more than 50% of the original allocated value attributable to a portfolio of 11 additional hotels, or to take other actions that would result in the recognition and allocation of gain to the
former owners of such hotels for federal and state income tax purposes prior to January 1, 2009. As a result, even if it were in our best interests to sell these hotels or repay or otherwise 

20 

Table of Contents

reduce the level of the mortgage debt on such hotels, it may be difficult or costly to do so during their respective lock-out periods. In specified
circumstances, we may agree to similar restrictions in connection with future hotel acquisitions. 

We may be unable to sell properties because real
estate investments are illiquid. 

Real estate properties generally cannot be sold quickly. We may not be able to vary our portfolio
promptly in response to economic or other conditions. The inability to respond promptly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to service our debt. In addition, there are
limitations under the federal income tax laws applicable to REITs that may limit our ability to recognize the full economic benefit from a sale of our assets. 

Applicable REIT laws may restrict certain business activities. 

As a REIT we are subject to various restrictions on our
income, assets and activities. Business activities that could be impacted by applicable REIT laws include, but are not limited to, activities such as developing alternative uses of real estate, including the development and/or sale of timeshare or
condominium units. Due to these restrictions, we anticipate that we will conduct certain business activities, including those mentioned above, in one or more of our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries are taxable as regular C
corporations and are subject to federal, state, and, if applicable, local and foreign taxation on their taxable income at applicable corporate income tax rates. In addition, under REIT laws, the aggregate value of all of a REIT’s taxable REIT
subsidiaries may not exceed 20% of the value of all of the REIT’s assets. 

We depend on our key personnel.

Our success depends on the efforts of our executive officers and other key personnel. None of our key personnel have employment agreements and we do not
maintain key person life insurance for any of our executive officers. We cannot assure you that these key personnel will remain employed by us. While we believe that we could find replacements for these key personnel, the loss of their services
could have a significant adverse effect on our financial performance. 

Litigation judgments or settlements could have a significant adverse effect on
our financial condition. 

We are involved in various legal proceedings in the normal course of business. We are vigorously defending
each of these claims. Currently, none of these claims seeks relief that, if granted, would have a significant effect on our financial condition or results of operations. As an owner of hotel properties, however, we could become the subject of claims
by the operators of our hotels, individuals or companies who use our hotels, our investors, or regulating entities, which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and performance. 

Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations. 

As part of our business strategy, we seek to acquire luxury and upper upscale hotel properties. We may acquire properties through various structures,
including transactions involving portfolios, single assets, joint ventures and acquisitions of all or substantially all of the securities or assets of other REITs or similar real estate entities. We anticipate that our acquisitions will be financed
through a combination of methods, including proceeds from Host equity offerings, issuance of limited partnership interests in Host LP, advances under our credit facility, and the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness. We may, from time to time,
be in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating possible acquisition transactions and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or
that we will realize the benefits that we anticipate from the acquisitions that we consummate. Our inability to consummate one or more acquisitions on such terms, or our failure to realize the intended benefits from one or more acquisitions, could
have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations, including as a result of our incurrence of additional indebtedness and related interest expense and our assumption of unforeseen
contingent liabilities. 

21 

Table of Contents

We may acquire hotel properties through joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts.

We have made a significant investment in a European joint venture, which owns seven hotels in Europe. We may, from time to time, invest
as a co-venturer in other entities holding hotel properties instead of purchasing hotel properties directly. Co-venturers often share control over the operation of a joint venture. Actions by a co-venturer could subject the assets to additional
risk, including: 

•

 our co-venturer in an investment might have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our, or the joint venture’s, interests or goals;

•

 our co-venturer may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives; or

•

 our co-venturer could go bankrupt, leaving us liable for such co-venturer’s share of joint venture liabilities. 

Although we generally will seek to maintain sufficient control of any joint venture to permit our objectives to be achieved, it might not be able to take
action without the approval of its joint venture partners. 

Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. 

We believe that our properties are in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental laws. Unidentified environmental liabilities could
arise, however, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and performance. Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or operator of
real estate to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at the property. The owner or operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up
costs incurred by the parties in connection with the contamination. These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. Even if more
than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for
damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site. Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos. These laws require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos
properly manage and maintain the asbestos, that they notify and train those who may come into contact with asbestos and that they undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, if asbestos would be disturbed during renovation
or demolition of a building. These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated
with exposure to asbestos fibers. 

Compliance with other government regulations can be costly. 

Our hotels are subject to various other forms of regulation, including Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act, building codes and regulations
pertaining to fire safety. Compliance with those laws and regulations could require substantial capital expenditures. These regulations may be changed from time to time, or new regulations adopted, resulting in additional costs of compliance,
including potential litigation. Any increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. 

We carry comprehensive insurance coverage for general liability,
property, business interruption and other risks with respect to all of our hotels and other properties. These policies offer coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary for similar type properties. Generally, our
“all-risk” property policies provide coverage that is available on a per occurrence basis and that, for each occurrence, has an overall limit, as well as various sub-limits, on the amount of insurance proceeds we can receive. Sub-limits
exist for certain types of claims such as service interruption, abatement, earthquakes, expediting costs or landscaping replacement, and 

22 

Table of Contents

the dollar amounts of these sub-limits are significantly lower than the dollar amounts of the overall coverage limit. Our property policies also provide that
all of the claims from each of our properties resulting from a particular insurable event must be combined together for purposes of evaluating whether the aggregate limits and sub-limits contained in our policies have been exceeded and, in the case
of one of our hotels where the manager provides this coverage, any such claims will also be combined with the claims of other owners participating in the managers’ program for the same purpose. Therefore, if an insurable event occurs that
affects more than one of our hotels, or, in the case of hotels where coverage is provided by the management company, affects hotels owned by others, the claims from each affected hotel will be added together to determine whether the aggregate limit
or sub-limits, depending on the type of claim, have been reached and each affected hotel may only receive a proportional share of the amount of insurance proceeds provided for under the policy if the total value of the loss exceeds the aggregate
limits available. We may incur losses in excess of insured limits and, as a result, we may be even less likely to receive sufficient coverage for risks that affect multiple properties such as earthquakes or certain types of terrorism. 

In addition, there are other risks such as war, certain forms of terrorism such as nuclear, biological, chemical, or radiological (NBCR) terrorism and
some environmental hazards that may be deemed to fall completely outside the general coverage limits of our policies or may be uninsurable or may be too expensive to justify insuring against. Host has created a wholly-owned captive insurance company
which provides coverage to the company for losses due to NBCR attacks. The Terrorism Risk Insurance Extension Act (TRIEA) allows our captive insurer to apply to the U.S. Treasury for reimbursement of the claims. This does not insure that we will be
able to recover any of our NCBR losses. 

We may also encounter challenges with an insurance provider regarding whether it will pay a
particular claim that we believe to be covered under our policy. Should a loss in excess of insured limits or an uninsured loss occur or should we be unsuccessful in obtaining coverage from an insurance carrier, we could lose all, or a portion of,
the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the hotel. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. 

We may not be able to recover fully under our existing terrorism insurance for losses caused by some types of terrorist acts, and federal terrorism legislation does
not ensure that we will be able to obtain terrorism insurance in adequate amounts or at acceptable premium levels in the future. 

We
obtain terrorism insurance as part of our all-risk property insurance program, as well as our general liability and directors’ and officers’ coverages. However, as noted above, our all-risk policies have limitations such as per occurrence
limits and sublimits which might have to be shared proportionally across participating hotels under certain loss scenarios. Also, all-risk insurers only have to provide terrorism coverage to the extent mandated by the TRIEA for “certified”
acts of terrorism — namely those which are committed on behalf of non-United States persons or interests. Furthermore, we do not have full replacement coverage at all of our properties for acts of terrorism committed on behalf of United States
persons or interests (“noncertified” events) as our coverage for such incidents is subject to sublimits and/or annual aggregate limits. In addition, property damage related to war and to nuclear, biological and chemical incidents is
excluded under our policies. While TRIEA will reimburse insurers for losses resulting from nuclear, biological and chemical perils, TRIEA does not require insurers to offer coverage for these perils and, to date, insurers are not willing to provide
this coverage, even with government reinsurance. Host has created a wholly-owned captive insurance company that provides a policy of NBCR coverage to us, and has the same ability to apply to the US Treasury for reimbursement, as provided for in TRIA
(now TRIEA), which is subject to the same deductibles and co-insurance obligations as other insurance companies. This applies to property insurance only, and not to general liability or Directors and Officers insurance. TRIEA terminates on
December 31, 2007, and there is no guarantee that the terrorism coverage that it mandates will be readily available or affordable thereafter. As a result of the above, there remains considerable uncertainty regarding the extent and
adequacy of terrorism coverage that will be available to protect our interests in the event of future terrorist attacks that impact our properties. 

23 

Table of Contents

The expansion of our business into new markets outside of the United States in which we are not currently involved
will expose us to the general economic conditions of those markets. 

We may have difficulty managing our expansion into new geographic
markets where we have limited knowledge and understanding of the local economy, an absence of business relationships in the area or unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. As a result of the completion of the Starwood
transactions, we have ownership interest in hotels in seven foreign countries. The revenues from consolidated foreign hotels are approximately 3% of our consolidated revenues. There are risks inherent in conducting business internationally. These
include: 

•

 employment laws and practices in foreign countries; 

•

 tax laws in foreign countries, which may provide for tax rates that exceed those of the U.S. and which may provide that our foreign earnings are subject to
withholding requirements or other restrictions; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements or monetary policy; 

•

 the structure pursuant to which Starwood operates certain of the acquired European hotels; 

•

 adverse changes in the political and economic climate in the foreign countries; and 

•

 changes in interest rates and/or the currency exchange rates, including regulations regarding the incurrence of debt. 

Any of these factors could adversely affect our ability to obtain all of the intended benefits. 

If we do not effectively manage our geographic expansion and successfully integrate the foreign hotels into our organization, our operating results and
financial condition may be materially adversely affected and the value of Host common stock may decline. 

We may fail to realize the revenue
enhancements and other benefits expected from the Starwood transactions, which could affect our financial results. 

Our financial
results may be affected by our ability to achieve the expected benefits from the Starwood transactions. Achieving these benefits will depend, in large part, upon the future operation of the acquired hotels meeting our expectation. The operation of
the acquired hotels will be affected by various factors, including, changes in the national, regional and local economic climate; changes in business and leisure travel patterns, local market conditions such as an oversupply of hotel rooms or a
reduction in lodging demand; the attractiveness of such hotels to consumers relative to our competition; the performance of Starwood as a manager of such hotels; changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other
factors. There can be no assurance that the acquired hotels will meet our expectations for their performance. Moreover, achieving the benefits of the Starwood transactions will depend in part upon meeting the challenges inherent in successfully
integrating the portfolio of acquired hotels. There can be no assurance that such challenges will be met and that such diversion will not negatively impact our operations. 

We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to the business to be acquired from Starwood. 

Assets and entities that we acquired from Starwood may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against Starwood. In general, the representations and warranties provided by
Starwood under the transaction agreement do not survive the closing of the transactions. While Starwood is required to indemnify us with respect to breaches of certain representations and warranties that do survive the closing, such indemnification
is limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible and an aggregate cap on losses. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by Starwood of its
representations and warranties. The total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with acquired hotels and entities may exceed our expectations, plus we may experience other unanticipated adverse
effects, all of which may adversely affect our revenues, expenses, operating results and financial condition. 

24 

Table of Contents

Finally, the indemnification agreement between us and Starwood provides that Starwood will retain certain
specified liabilities relating to the assets and entities acquired by us. While Starwood is contractually obligated to pay all losses and other expenses relating to such retained liabilities without regard to survival limitations, materiality
thresholds, the deductible or cap on losses, there can be no guarantee that this arrangement will not require us to incur losses or other expenses as well. 

Exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our financial results. 

As a result of the expansion of Host’s
international operations, currency exchange rate fluctuations could affect its results of operations and financial position. Host expects to generate an increasing portion of its revenue and its expenses in such foreign currencies as the Euro, the
Canadian Dollar, the Mexican Peso, the British Pound, the Polish Zloty and the Chilean Peso. Although Host may enter into foreign exchange agreements with financial institutions to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in the value of these and other
foreign currencies relative to its debt or receivable obligations, these hedging transactions, if entered into, will not eliminate that risk entirely. In addition, to the extent that Host is unable to match revenue received in foreign currencies
with costs paid in the same currency, exchange rate fluctuations could have a negative impact on Host’s results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, because Host’s consolidated financial results are reported in US Dollars,
if Host generates revenues or earnings in other currencies the translation of those results into US Dollars can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those revenues or earnings. 

Risks of Ownership of Host’s Common Stock 

There are
limitations on the acquisition of Host common stock and changes in control. 

Host’s charter and bylaws, the partnership agreement
of Host LP, Host’s stockholder rights plan and the Maryland General Corporation Law contain a number of provisions, the exercise of which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for
our stockholders or Host LP unit holders or otherwise be in their best interests, including the following: 

•

 Restrictions on ownership and transfer of Host’s stock.    To maintain Host’s qualification as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes, not more than 50% in value of Host’s outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned in the last half of the taxable year, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code to include some entities. Because
such ownership could jeopardize Host’s qualification as a REIT, a person cannot own, directly or by attribution, 10% or more of an interest in a Host lessee, nor can a Host lessee of any partnership in which Host is a partner own, directly or
by attribution, 10% or more of Host’s shares, in each case unless exempted by Host’s board of directors. 

Host’s charter prohibits ownership, directly or by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, by any person or persons acting as a group, of more than 9.8% in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of shares of
Host’s outstanding common stock, preferred stock or any other stock, each considered as a separate class or series for this purpose. Together, these limitations are referred to as the “ownership limit.” 

Stock acquired or held in violation of the ownership limit will be transferred automatically to a trust for the benefit of a designated charitable
beneficiary, and the person who acquired the stock in violation of the ownership limit will not be entitled to any distributions thereon, to vote those shares of stock or to receive any proceeds from the subsequent sale of the stock in excess of the
lesser of the price paid for the stock or the amount realized from the sale. A transfer of shares of Host’s stock to a person who, as a result of the transfer, violates the ownership limit may be void under certain circumstances, and, in any
event, would deny that person any of the economic benefits of owning shares of Host’s stock in excess of the ownership limit. These restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if Host’s board of directors determines that
it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. 

25 

Table of Contents

•

 Removal of board of directors.    Host’s charter provides that, except for any directors who may be elected by holders of a class or
series of shares of capital stock other than common stock, directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast for the election of directors.
Vacancies on Host’s board of directors may be filled by the concurring vote of a majority of the remaining directors (except that a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors must be filled by a majority vote of the entire
board of directors) and, in the case of a vacancy resulting from the removal of a director by the stockholders, by at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 

•

 Preferred shares; classification or reclassification of unissued shares of capital stock without stockholder approval.    Host’s
charter provides that the total number of shares of stock of all classes that we have authority to issue is 800,000,000, initially consisting of 750,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Host’s board of
directors has the authority, without a vote of stockholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of stock, including common stock into preferred stock or vice versa, and to establish the preferences and rights of any preferred or other
class or series of shares to be issued. Because the board of directors has the power to establish the preferences and rights of additional classes or series of stock without a stockholder vote, Host’s board of directors may give the holders of
any class or series of stock preferences, powers and rights, including voting rights, senior to the rights of holders of existing stock. 

•

 Consent rights of the limited partners.    Under the partnership agreement of Host LP, we generally will be able to merge or consolidate
with another entity with the consent of partners holding limited partner ownership interests that are more than 50% of the aggregate ownership interests of the outstanding limited partnership interests entitled to vote on the merger or
consolidation, including any limited partnership interests held by us, as long as the holders of limited partnership interests either receive or have the right to receive the same consideration as Host’s stockholders. Host, as holder of a
majority of the limited partnership interests of Host LP, would be able to control the vote. Under Host’s charter, holders of at least two-thirds of Host’s outstanding shares of common stock generally must approve a merger or
consolidation. 

•

 Maryland business combination law.    Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, specified “business combinations,” including
specified issuances of equity securities, between a Maryland corporation and any person who owns 10% or more of the voting power of the corporation’s then outstanding shares, or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who at any time
during the two year period prior to the date in question owned 10% or more of the voting power of the outstanding stock of the corporation (each, an “interested stockholder”), or an affiliate of the interested stockholder, are prohibited
for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Thereafter, any of these specified business combinations must be approved by 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of
outstanding voting shares and by two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of voting shares other than voting shares held by an interested stockholder unless, among other conditions, the corporation’s common stockholders
receive a minimum price, as defined in the Maryland General Corporation Law, for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder. Host is subject to the Maryland business
combination statute. 

•

 Maryland control share acquisition law.    Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, “control shares” acquired in a
“control share acquisition” have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees
of the corporation. “Control shares” are voting shares which, if aggregated with all other voting shares previously acquired by the acquiror or over which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except
solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: (1) one-tenth or more but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more but
less than a majority or (3) a majority or more of the voting power. Control shares do not 

26 

Table of Contents

include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A “control share
acquisition” means the acquisition of control shares, subject to specified exceptions. Host is subject to these control share provisions of Maryland law. 

•

 Merger, consolidation, share exchange and transfer of Host’s assets.    Pursuant to Host’s charter, subject to the terms of any
outstanding class or series of capital stock, we can merge with or into another entity, consolidate with one or more other entities, participate in a share exchange or transfer Host’s assets within the meaning of the Maryland General
Corporation Law if approved (1) by Host’s board of directors in the manner provided in the Maryland General Corporation Law and (2) by Host’s stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter,
except that any merger of us with or into a trust organized for the purpose of changing Host’s form of organization from a corporation to a trust requires only the approval of Host’s stockholders holding a majority of all votes entitled to
be cast on the merger. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, specified mergers may be approved without a vote of stockholders and a share exchange is only required to be approved by a Maryland corporation by its board of directors if the
corporation is the successor. Host’s voluntary dissolution also would require approval of stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

•

 Certain charter and bylaw amendments.    Host’s charter contains provisions relating to restrictions on transferability of
Host’s stock, fixing the size of the board of directors within the range set forth in the charter, removal of directors and the filling of vacancies, all of which may be amended only by a resolution adopted by the board of directors and
approved by Host’s stockholders holding two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Any amendments of these provisions of the charter (setting forth the necessary approval requirements) also would require action of the board of
directors and the approval by stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. As permitted under the Maryland General Corporation Law, Host’s bylaws provide that directors have the exclusive right to amend
Host’s bylaws. These provisions may make it more difficult to amend Host’s charter and bylaws to alter the provisions described herein that could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control or the acquisition of Host
common stock, without the approval of the board of directors. 

•

 Stockholder rights plan.    We adopted a stockholder rights plan which provides, among other things, that when specified events occur,
Host’s stockholders, other than an acquiring person, will be entitled to purchase from us a newly created class or series of junior preferred stock, subject to Host’s ownership limits described above. The preferred stock purchase rights
are triggered by the earlier to occur of (1) ten days after the date of a public announcement that a person or group acting in concert has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of 20% or more of Host’s
outstanding shares of common stock or (2) ten business days after the commencement of or announcement of an intention to make a tender offer or exchange offer, the consummation of which would result in the acquiring person becoming the
beneficial owner of 20% or more of Host’s outstanding common stock. The exercise of the preferred share purchase rights would cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire us on terms not approved by Host’s board
of directors. 

Shares of Host’s common stock that are or become available for sale could affect the share price. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of Host’s common stock, or the perception that sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market
prices for Host’s common stock. In addition, holders of units of limited partnership interest in Host LP, whose OP units may be redeemed, at Host’s election, in exchange for common stock, will be able to sell those shares freely, unless
the person is our affiliate and resale of the affiliate’s shares is not covered by an effective registration statement. Further, a substantial number of shares of Host’s common stock have been and will be issued or reserved for issuance
from time to time under our employee benefit plans, including shares of common stock reserved for options, or pursuant to securities we may issue that are convertible into shares of Host common stock or securities (other than OP units) that Host LP
has issued that are 

27 

Table of Contents

exchangeable for shares of our common stock. As of February 23, 2007, there are approximately 18.8 million OP units outstanding that are redeemable
and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% Exchangeable Senior Debentures of Host LP exchangeable under certain conditions for shares of Host common stock at an exchange price equivalent to $17.22 per share for a total of approximately
29 million shares (subject to adjustment for various reasons, including as a result of the payment of dividends to common stockholders). Moreover, additional shares of common stock issued by Host would be available in the future for sale in the
public markets. We can make no prediction about the effect that future sales of common stock would have on the market price of Host common stock. 

Our
earnings and cash distributions will affect the market price of shares of Host’s common stock. 

We believe that the market value of
a REIT’s equity securities is based primarily upon the market’s perception of the REIT’s growth potential and its current and potential future cash distributions, whether from operations, sales, acquisitions, development or
refinancings, and is secondarily based upon the value of the underlying assets. For that reason, shares of Host’s common stock may trade at prices that are higher or lower than the net asset value per share. To the extent we retain operating
cash flow for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other purposes rather than distributing the cash flow to stockholders, these retained funds, while increasing the value of our underlying assets, may negatively impact the market price
of Host’s common stock. Our failure to meet the market’s expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions would likely adversely affect the market price of Host’s common stock. 

Market interest rates may affect the price of shares of Host’s common stock. 

We believe that one of the factors that investors consider important in deciding whether to buy or sell shares of a REIT is the dividend rate on the shares, considered as a percentage of the price of the shares,
relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective purchasers of REIT shares may expect a higher dividend rate. Thus, higher market interest rates could cause the market price of Host’s shares to decrease.

Federal Income Tax Risks 

To qualify as a REIT,
Host and each of our subsidiary REITs are required to distribute at least 90% of its taxable income, excluding net capital gain, regardless of available cash or outstanding obligations. 

To continue to qualify as a REIT, we are required to distribute to our stockholders with respect to each year at least 90% of our taxable income,
excluding net capital gain. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement but distribute less than 100% of our taxable income and net capital gain for the taxable year, we will be subject to federal and state corporate income tax on
our undistributed taxable income and net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions made by us with respect to the calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our
ordinary income and 95% of our net capital gain for that year and any undistributed taxable income from prior years less excess distributions from prior years. We intend to make distributions, subject to the availability of cash and in compliance
with any debt covenants, to our stockholders to comply with the distribution requirement and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax and will rely for this purpose on distributions from Host LP and its subsidiaries. However, there are differences in
timing between our recognition of taxable income and our receipt of cash available for distribution due to, among other things, the seasonality of the lodging industry and the fact that some taxable income will be “phantom” income, which
is taxable income that is not matched by corresponding cash flow. Due to some transactions entered into in years prior to Host’s conversion to a REIT, Host could recognize substantial amounts of “phantom” income. It is possible that
these differences between taxable income and the receipt of related cash could require us to borrow funds or to issue additional equity to enable Host to meet the distribution requirement and, therefore, to maintain our REIT status, and to avoid the
nondeductible excise tax. In addition, because the REIT distribution requirement prevents Host from retaining earnings, we will generally be required to refinance debt at its maturity with additional debt or equity. It is possible that any of these
sources of funds, if available at all, would not be sufficient to meet Host’s distribution and tax obligations. 

28 

Table of Contents

As a result of the Starwood Transactions, Host owns, through Host LP, 100% of the outstanding common
stock (and a portion of the outstanding preferred stock) of three entities that will elect to be treated as REITs. Each of these subsidiary REITs of Host will be subject to the same requirements that Host must satisfy in order to qualify as a REIT,
including the distribution requirements described above. 

Adverse tax consequences would apply if Host or any of our subsidiary REITs failed to qualify
as a REIT. 

We believe that Host has been organized and has operated in such a manner so as to qualify as a REIT under the Code,
commencing with our taxable year beginning January 1, 1999, and Host currently intends to continue to operate as a REIT during future years. In addition, after the Starwood Transactions, Host owns, through Host LP, three entities that will
elect to be treated as REITs. As the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT are extremely complex and interpretations of the federal income tax laws governing qualification and taxation as a REIT are limited, no assurance can be
provided that Host currently qualifies as a REIT or will continue to qualify as a REIT or that each of Host’s subsidiary REITs qualify as a REIT. If any of the subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that Host would
fail to qualify as a REIT unless we (or the subsidiary REIT) could avail ourselves (itself) of certain relief provisions. New legislation, treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly change the tax
laws with respect to an entity’s qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of its REIT qualification. If Host or any of the subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, and any available relief provisions did not
apply, the non-qualifying REIT would not be allowed to take a deduction for distributions to its stockholders in computing its taxable income, and it would be subject to federal and state corporate income tax, including any applicable alternative
minimum tax, on its taxable income at regular corporate rates. Moreover, unless entitled to statutory relief, the non-qualifying REIT could not qualify as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which REIT qualification is lost.

Any determination that Host or one of our subsidiary REITs does not qualify as a REIT would have a materially adverse effect on our
results of operations and could reduce the value of our common stock materially. The additional tax liability of Host or the subsidiary REIT for the year, or years, in which the relevant entity did not qualify as a REIT would reduce its net earnings
available for investment, debt service or distributions to stockholders. Furthermore, the non-qualifying entity would no longer be required to make any distributions to stockholders as a condition to REIT qualification and all of its distributions
to stockholders would be taxable as regular C corporation dividends to the extent of its current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means, if Host were to fail to qualify as a REIT, that Host’s stockholders currently taxed as
individuals would be taxed on those dividends at capital gain rates and our corporate stockholders generally would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject in each case, to applicable limitations under
the Code. Host’s failure to qualify as a REIT also would cause an event of default under Host LP’s credit facility that could lead to an acceleration of the amounts due under the credit facility, which, in turn, would constitute an event
of default under Host LP’s outstanding debt securities. 

If our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, Host and
each of our subsidiary REITs would fail to qualify as a REIT. 

To qualify as a REIT, Host must satisfy two gross income tests, under
which specified percentages of our gross income must be passive income, like rent. For the rent paid pursuant to the leases, which currently constitutes substantially all of Host’s and each of our subsidiary REITs’ gross income, to qualify
for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and must not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. We believe that the leases will be
respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS will agree with this view. If the leases were not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, neither Host nor any of our
subsidiary REITs would be able to satisfy either of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs and each would most likely lose its REIT status. 

29 

Table of Contents

If our affiliated lessees fail to qualify as taxable REIT subsidiaries, Host and each of our subsidiary REITs would
fail to qualify as a REIT. 

Rent paid by a lessee that is a “related party tenant” of Host will not be qualifying income for
purposes of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs. We lease substantially all of our hotels to our subsidiary that is taxable as a regular C corporation and that has elected to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary with respect to Host.
Each of the hotels acquired from Starwood are also leased to either a taxable REIT subsidiary of Host or a taxable REIT subsidiary of a subsidiary REIT. So long as any affiliated lessee qualifies as a taxable REIT subsidiary, it will not be treated
as a “related party tenant.” We believe that our affiliated lessees have qualified and will continue to qualify, and that the taxable REIT subsidiaries of our subsidiary REITs will qualify, to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries for
federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS will not challenge the status of a taxable REIT subsidiary for federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful
in disqualifying any of our affiliated lessees (including the taxable REIT subsidiaries of our subsidiary REITs) from treatment as a taxable REIT subsidiary, it is possible that Host or a subsidiary REIT would fail to meet the asset tests applicable
to REITs and substantially all of its income would fail to qualify for the gross income tests. If this occurred, Host and our subsidiary REITs would likely lose their REIT status. 

Despite the REIT status of Host and our subsidiary REITs, we remain subject to various taxes. 

Host
or one of its subsidiary REITs will be required to pay federal income tax at the highest regular corporate rate upon its share of any “built-in gain” recognized as a result of any sale before the expiration of the applicable 10-year
holding period of assets, including certain hotels acquired as part of Host’s conversion to a REIT or from Starwood and its affiliates as part of the acquisition of the Starwood Portfolio. The total amount of gain on which Host would be subject
to corporate income tax if these built-in gain assets were sold in a taxable transaction prior to the expiration of the applicable 10-year holding period would be material to us. In addition, we expect that we could recognize other substantial
deferred tax liabilities in the future without any corresponding receipt of cash. 

Notwithstanding their status as a REIT, Host and our
subsidiaries (including our subsidiary REITs) will be subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on their income and property. For example, Host and our subsidiary REITs will pay tax on certain types of income that is not distributed
and will be subject to a 100% excise tax on transactions with a taxable REIT subsidiary that are not conducted on an arm’s length basis. Moreover, the taxable REIT subsidiaries of Host and our subsidiary REITs are taxable as regular C
corporations and will pay federal, state and local income tax on their net income at the applicable corporate rates, and foreign taxes to the extent they own assets or conduct operations in foreign jurisdictions. 

Host LP is obligated under its partnership agreement to pay all such taxes (and any related interest and penalties) incurred by Host. 

If the IRS were to challenge successfully Host LP’s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, Host would cease to qualify as a REIT and suffer
other adverse consequences. 

We believe that Host LP qualifies to be treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a
partnership, it is not subject to federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of its partners, including Host, is required to pay tax on such partner’s allocable share of its income. No assurance can be provided, however, that the IRS will
not challenge Host LP’s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating Host LP as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, Host would
fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, cease to qualify as a REIT. If Host LP fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes or Host fails to qualify as a REIT,
either failure would cause an event of default under Host LP’s credit facility that, in turn, could constitute an event of default under Host LP’s outstanding debt securities. Also, the 

30 

Table of Contents

failure of Host LP to qualify as a partnership would cause it to become subject to federal, state and foreign corporate income tax, which would reduce
significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners, including Host. 

As a REIT, each of Host and our
subsidiary REITs is subject to limitations on its ownership of debt and equity securities. 

Subject to certain exceptions, a REIT is
generally prohibited from owning securities in any one issuer to the extent that the value of those securities exceeds 5% of the value of the REIT’s total assets or the securities owned by the REIT represent more than 10% of the issuer’s
outstanding voting securities or more than 10% of the value of the issuer’s outstanding securities. A REIT is permitted to own securities of a subsidiary in an amount that exceeds the 5% value test and the 10% vote or value test if the
subsidiary elects to be a taxable REIT subsidiary. However, a REIT may not own securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries that represent in the aggregate more than 20% of the value of the REIT’s total assets. 

Host or our subsidiary REITs may be required to pay a penalty tax upon the sale of a hotel. 

The federal income tax provisions applicable to REITs provide that any gain realized by a REIT on the sale of property held as inventory or other property
held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a “prohibited transaction” that is subject to a 100% penalty tax. Under existing law, whether property, including hotels, is held as
inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is a question of fact that depends upon all of the facts and circumstances with respect to the particular transaction. We intend that we will hold the hotels for
investment with a view to long-term appreciation, to engage in the business of acquiring and owning hotels and to make occasional sales of hotels as are consistent with our investment objectives. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS
might not contend that one or more of these sales are subject to the 100% penalty tax.