The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements
constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Financial Risks and Risks of Operation

Our revenues and the value of our properties are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry. 

The lodging industry is subject to changes in the travel patterns of business and leisure travelers, both of which are affected by the
strength of the economy as well as other factors. Changes in travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and adversely affect our results. During the recession in 2008 and 2009,
overall travel was reduced, which had a significant effect on our results of operations. While operating results improved during 2010, uncertainty in the strength and direction of the recovery and continued high unemployment have hampered the pace
of the overall economic recovery. Therefore, there can be no assurance that any increases in hotel revenues or earnings at our properties will continue for any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, slower than anticipated growth in the
economy and changes in travel patterns. Our results of operations and any forecast we make, may be affected and can change based on the following risks affecting the lodging industry: 

•

 changes in the international, national, regional and local economic climate; 

•

 changes in business and leisure travel patterns; 

•

 the effect of terrorist attacks and terror alerts in the United States and internationally, as well as other geopolitical disturbances;

•

 supply growth in markets where we own hotels, which may adversely affect demand at our properties; 

•

 the attractiveness of our hotels to consumers relative to competing hotels; 

•

 the performance of the managers of our hotels; 

•

 outbreaks of disease; 

•

 changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors; and 

•

 unionization of the labor force at our hotels. 

A reduction in our revenue or earnings as a result of the above risks may reduce our working capital, impact our long-term business strategy, and impact the value of our assets and our ability to meet
certain covenants in our existing debt agreements. 

Disruptions in the financial markets may adversely affect our business and results
of operations, our ability to obtain financing on reasonable and acceptable terms, and our ability to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. 

The United States and global equity and credit markets experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions in 2008 and 2009, all of which caused market prices of the stocks of
many companies to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective and outstanding debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances impacted liquidity in the financial markets, which made terms for financings less attractive, and, in
some cases, resulted in the lack of availability of certain types of financing. While conditions in the credit markets have improved, a subsequent prolonged downturn in the stock or credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of
potentially less attractive financing and may negatively impact our ability to enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge risks associated with changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. Disruptions in the financial
markets also may adversely affect our credit rating, the market value of Host Inc.’s common stock, and the value of Host L.P.’s OP units. While we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity with which to meet our anticipated
requirements for working capital, debt service and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future, if our operating results worsen significantly and our cash flow or capital resources prove inadequate, or if interest rates increase significantly,
we could face liquidity problems that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

18 

Table of Contents

Economic conditions may adversely affect the value of our hotels, which may result in impairment
charges on our properties. 

We analyze our assets for impairment in several situations, including when a property has
current or projected losses from operations, when it becomes more likely than not that a hotel will be sold before the end of its previously estimated useful life or when other material trends, contingencies or changes in circumstances indicate that
a triggering event has occurred, such that an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. For impaired assets, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the property’s carrying value over its fair value. We did not record
any impairment charges in 2010, but could in the future, which will negatively affect our results of operations. We can provide no assurance that any impairment loss recognized would not be material to our results of operations. See
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies.” 

We depend on external sources of capital for future growth and we may be unable to access capital when necessary.

Unlike regular C corporations, we must finance our growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because Host
Inc. is required to distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its taxable income (other than net capital gain) in order to qualify as a REIT, including taxable income recognized for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which it does
not receive cash. Funds used by Host Inc. to make required distributions are provided through distributions from Host L.P. Our ability to access external capital could be hampered by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control,
including credit market conditions, unfavorable market perception of our growth potential, decreases in our current and estimated future earnings, or decreases in the market price of Host Inc.’s common stock. Our ability to access additional
capital also may be limited by the terms of our existing indebtedness which, under certain circumstances, restrict our incurrence of debt and the payment of dividends and Host L.P. distributions. The occurrence of any of these factors, individually
or in combination, could prevent us from being able to obtain external capital on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance our future growth. 

We have substantial debt and may incur additional debt. 

As of December 31, 2010, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $5.5 billion. Our substantial indebtedness requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow
from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, dividends and distributions and other general corporate needs. Additionally, our substantial
indebtedness could: 

•

 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 

•

 limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or to obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other
general corporate needs on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or 

•

 affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. 

If our cash flow and working capital are not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we will have to raise
additional funds through: 

•

 sales of our OP units; 

•

 the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host L.P.; or 

•

 the sale of our assets. 

We cannot make any assurances that any of these sources of funds will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient to meet our obligations
or fulfill our business plan. Under certain circumstances we would be required to use the cash from some of the events described above to repay other indebtedness. 

19 

Table of Contents

The terms of our debt place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries and these restrictions reduce our
operational flexibility and create default risks. 

The documents governing the terms of our existing senior notes and
our credit facility contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. These covenants restrict, among other things, our ability to: 

•

 conduct acquisitions, mergers or consolidations, unless the successor entity in such transaction assumes our indebtedness;

•

 incur additional debt in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; 

•

 create liens securing indebtedness, unless an effective provision is made to secure our other indebtedness by such liens; 

•

 sell assets without using the proceeds from such sales for certain permitted uses or to make an offer to repay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness;

•

 make capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds; 

•

 make distributions without satisfying certain financial metrics; and 

•

 conduct transactions with affiliates other than on an arm’s length basis and, in certain instances, without obtaining opinions as to the fairness
of such transactions. 

Certain covenants also require us and our subsidiaries to meet financial performance
tests. If we fail to meet such tests, the restrictive covenants in the applicable indenture(s), the credit facility and the documents governing our other debt (including our mortgage debt) will reduce our flexibility in conducting our operations and
will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all
or a substantial portion of our debt. For a detailed description of the covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Financial Condition.” 

Our ability to pay dividends and to make distributions may be limited or prohibited by the
terms of our indebtedness or preferred units. 

We are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and
instruments that restrict or prevent the payment of dividends on classes and series of Host Inc. capital stock and Host L.P.’s payment of distributions on its classes of units. Under the terms of Host L.P.’s credit facility and senior
notes indenture, distributions to Host Inc. by Host L.P., upon which Host Inc. depends in order to obtain the cash necessary to pay dividends, and distributions by Host L.P. to other unitholders are permitted only to the extent that, at the time of
the distribution, Host L.P. can satisfy certain financial covenant tests (concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage) and meet other requirements. 

Under the terms of Host L.P.’s outstanding preferred OP units, we are not permitted to make distributions on our common OP units
unless all cumulative distributions have been paid (or funds for payment have been set aside for payment) on our preferred OP units. In the event that we fail to pay the accrued distributions on our preferred OP units for any reason, including any
restriction on making such distributions under the terms of our debt instruments (as discussed above), distributions will continue to accrue on such preferred OP units and we will be prohibited from making any distributions on our common OP units
until all such accrued but unpaid distributions on our preferred OP units have been paid (or funds for such payment have been set aside). 

Defaulting on our mortgage debt could adversely affect our business. 

As of December 31, 2010, 11 of our hotels and assets related thereto are subject to mortgages in an aggregate amount of
approximately $1.0 billion. Although the debt is generally non-recourse to us, if these hotels do not produce adequate cash flow to service the debt secured by such mortgages, the mortgage lenders could call a default on these assets.
Generally, we would expect to negotiate with the lender prior to the occurrence of a default to pursue other options, such as a deed in lieu of foreclosure. However, we may opt to allow such default to occur rather than make the necessary mortgage
payments with funds from other sources. Our senior notes indenture and credit facility contain cross-default provisions, which, depending upon the amount of secured debt in default, could 

20 

Table of Contents

cause a cross-default under both of these agreements. Our credit facility, which contains a more restrictive cross-default provision than the senior notes indenture, provides that a credit
facility default will occur in the event that we default on non-recourse secured indebtedness in excess of 1% (or approximately $158 million as of December 31, 2010) of our total assets (using undepreciated real estate book values). For
this and other reasons, permitting a default could adversely affect our long-term business prospects. 

Our mortgage debt contains
provisions that may reduce our liquidity. 

Certain of our mortgage debt requires that, to the extent cash flow from
the hotels which secure such debt drops below stated levels, we escrow cash flow after the payment of debt service until operations improve above the stated levels. In some cases, the lender has the right under certain circumstances to apply the
escrowed amount to the outstanding balance of the mortgage debt. If such provisions are triggered, there can be no assurance that the affected properties will achieve the minimum cash flow levels required to trigger a release of any escrowed funds.
The amounts required to be escrowed may negatively affect our liquidity by limiting our access to cash flow after debt service from these mortgaged properties. 

An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on our credit facility and on our floating rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt or sell assets.

Interest payments for borrowings on our credit facility and certain mortgages on our properties, as well as
fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps that we have entered into are based on floating rates. As a result, an increase in interest rates will reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes, including investments in our portfolio.
Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures and increase interest costs on any debt that is refinanced. We may from time to time enter into agreements such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors
and other interest rate hedging contracts. While these agreements may lessen the impact of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that the agreements will be unenforceable. In
addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to dispose of assets. 

Rating agency downgrades may increase our cost of capital.

Our
senior notes are rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services and Fitch Ratings. These independent rating agencies may elect to downgrade their ratings on our senior notes at any time. Such downgrades may
negatively affect our access to the capital markets and increase our cost of capital. 

Our expenses may not decrease if our revenue
decreases. 

Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt-service payments, property
taxes, insurance, utilities, and employee wages and benefits, are relatively inflexible and do not necessarily decrease in tandem with a reduction in revenue at the hotels. Our expenses also will be affected by inflationary increases, and certain
costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period. In the event of a significant decrease in demand, we may not be able to reduce the size of hotel work forces in order to decrease wages and benefits.
Our managers also may be unable to offset any such increased expenses with higher room rates. Any of our efforts to reduce operating costs or failure to make scheduled capital expenditures also could adversely affect the future growth of our
business and the value of our hotel properties. 

Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business,
liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations. 

As part of our business strategy, we seek to acquire
luxury and upper upscale hotel properties. We may acquire properties through various structures, including transactions involving portfolios, single assets, joint ventures and acquisitions of all or substantially all of the securities or assets of
other REITs or similar real estate entities. We anticipate that our acquisitions will be financed through a combination of methods, including proceeds from Host Inc. equity offerings, issuance of limited partnership interests of Host L.P., advances
under our credit facility, the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness and proceeds from the sales of assets. Disruptions in credit markets may limit our ability to finance acquisitions and may limit the ability of purchasers to finance hotels and
adversely affect our disposition strategy and our ability to use disposition proceeds to finance acquisitions. 

21 

Table of Contents

We may, from time to time, be in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating
possible acquisition transactions. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize the benefits that we anticipate from such acquisitions. Our inability to
consummate one or more acquisitions on such terms, or our failure to realize the intended benefits from one or more acquisitions, could have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations,
including as a result of our incurrence of additional indebtedness and related interest expense and our assumption of unforeseen contingent liabilities. 

We do not control our hotel operations and we are dependent on the managers of our hotels. 

Our cash flow from our hotels may be adversely affected if our managers fail to provide quality services and amenities or if they or their affiliates fail to maintain a quality brand name. While we
monitor the hotel managers’ performance, we have limited recourse under our management agreements if the hotel managers are not performing adequately. In addition, from time to time, we have had, and continue to have, differences with the
managers of our hotels over their performance and compliance with the terms of our management agreements. We generally resolve issues with our managers through discussions and negotiations. However, if we are unable to reach satisfactory results
through discussions and negotiations, we may choose to litigate the dispute or submit the matter to third-party dispute resolution. Failure by our hotel managers to fully perform the duties agreed to in our management agreements could adversely
affect our results of operations. Our hotel managers or their affiliates manage, and in some cases own, have invested in, or provided credit support or operating guarantees to hotels that compete with our hotels, all of which may result in conflicts
of interest. As a result, our hotel managers have in the past made, and may in the future make, decisions regarding competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interest. 

We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor.

We have entered into management agreements with third-party managers to operate our hotel properties. Our third-party
managers are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. Although we do not directly employ or manage employees at our consolidated hotels (other than our New Zealand properties), we are still subject to many of the
costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force, particularly those hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted as a result of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions
and publicity. We also may incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result of contract disputes or other events. Additionally, hotels where our managers have collective bargaining agreements with employees (approximately 21% of our
current portfolio by revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010) are more highly affected by labor force activities than others. The resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, either by
increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. Furthermore, labor agreements may limit the ability of our managers to reduce the size of hotel workforces during an economic downturn because collective
bargaining agreements are negotiated between the managers of our hotels and labor unions. We do not have the ability to control the outcome of these negotiations. 

Our hotels have an ongoing need for renovations and potentially significant capital expenditures in order to remain competitive in the marketplace, maintain brand standards or to comply with
applicable laws or regulations. The timing and costs of such renovations or improvements may result in reduced operating performance during construction and may not improve the return on these investments. 

In addition to capital expenditures required by our loan agreements or agreements with our hotel managers, we will need to make capital
expenditures in order to remain competitive with other hotels, to maintain the economic value of our hotels and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. The timing of these improvements can affect hotel performance, particularly if the
improvements require closures of a significant number of rooms or other features of the hotels, such as ballrooms, meeting space and restaurants. These capital improvements reduce the availability of cash for other purposes and are subject to cost
overruns and delays. In addition, because we depend 

22 

Table of Contents

on external sources of capital, we may not have the necessary funds to invest and, if we fail to maintain our properties in accordance with brand standards set by our managers, the manager may
terminate the management agreement. Moreover, we may not necessarily realize a significant, or any, improvement in the performance of the hotels in which we make these investments. 

The ownership of hotels outside the United States and the expansion of our business into new markets outside of the United States will expose us to risks relating to owning hotels in those
international markets. 

Part of our business strategy is to expand our presence internationally. As of
December 31, 2010, we directly own nine hotels located outside the United States. Subsequent to year end, we acquired seven hotels in New Zealand. We are also party to a joint venture that owns 11 hotels in Europe and own a 25% interest in an
Asian joint venture that currently does not own any hotels. However, our Asian joint venture has reached an agreement to develop seven properties in India in a joint venture with Accor S.A. and InterGlobe Enterprises Limited. We may have difficulty
managing our expansion into new geographic markets where we have limited knowledge and understanding of the local economy, an absence of business relationships in the area, or unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures and
regulations. There are risks inherent in conducting business internationally, which include: 

•

 employment laws and practices; 

•

 tax laws, which may provide for income or other taxes or tax rates that exceed those of the U.S. and which may provide that foreign earnings that are
repatriated, directly or indirectly, are subject to dividend withholding requirements or other restrictions; 

•

 compliance with and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements or monetary policy; 

•

 the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing and changes in the availability, cost and terms of such financing;

•

 adverse changes in local, political, economic and market conditions; 

•

 insurance coverage related to terrorist events; 

•

 changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates; 

•

 regulations regarding the incurrence of debt; and 

•

 difficulties in complying with U.S. rules governing REITs while operating internationally. 

Any of these factors could adversely affect our ability to obtain all of the intended benefits of our international expansion. If we do
not effectively manage our geographic expansion and successfully integrate the foreign hotels into our organization, our operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

We may acquire hotel properties through joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts. 

We have made a significant investment in a European joint venture which owns 11 hotels in Europe and are exploring investment opportunities throughout Asia through our Asian joint venture. We may, from
time to time, invest as a co-venturer in other entities holding hotel properties instead of purchasing hotel properties directly. Co-venturers often share control over the operation of a joint venture. Actions by a co-venturer could subject the
assets to additional risk as a result of any of the following circumstances: 

•

 our co-venturer might have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our, or the joint venture’s, interests or goals; or

•

 our co-venturer may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests, or contrary to our policies or objectives.

Although we generally will seek to maintain sufficient control of any joint venture in order to permit our
objectives to be achieved, we might not be able to take action without the approval of our joint venture partners. 

Our management
agreements could affect the sale or financing of our hotels.

Under the terms of our management agreements, we
generally may not sell, lease or otherwise transfer our hotels unless the transferee is not a competitor of the manager and the transferee assumes the related management 

23 

Table of Contents

agreements and meets specified other conditions. Our ability to finance or sell our properties, depending upon the structure of such transactions, may require the manager’s consent. If the
manager does not consent to such sale or financing, we may be precluded from taking actions in our best interest. 

Future terrorist
attacks or changes in terror alert levels could adversely affect us.

Previous terrorist attacks in the United States
and subsequent terrorist alerts have adversely affected the travel and hospitality industries in recent years. The impact that terrorist attacks in the United States or elsewhere could have on domestic and international markets and our business in
particular is indeterminable, but it is possible that such attacks or the threat of such attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to finance our business, our ability to insure our properties and/or our results of
operations and financial condition as a whole. 

We may not be able to recover fully under our existing terrorism insurance for losses
caused by some types of terrorist acts, and federal terrorism legislation does not ensure that we will be able to obtain terrorism insurance in adequate amounts or at acceptable premium levels in the future. 

We obtain terrorism insurance as part of our all-risk property insurance program, as well as our general liability and directors’
and officers’ coverage. However, our all-risk policies have limitations, such as per occurrence limits, annual aggregate coverage limits and sublimits, all of which might have to be shared proportionally across participating hotels under
certain loss scenarios. Also, all-risk insurers only have to provide terrorism coverage to the extent mandated by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (“TRIPRA”). Property damage related to war and to nuclear,
radiological, biological and chemical incidents is excluded under our policies. While TRIPRA will reimburse insurers for losses resulting from nuclear, radiological, biological and chemical perils, TRIPRA does not require insurers to offer coverage
for these perils and, to date, insurers are not willing to provide this coverage, even with government reinsurance. We have a wholly-owned captive insurance company through which we obtain a policy of nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological
(“NBCR”) coverage. This captive insurer has the same ability as other insurance companies to apply to the U.S. Treasury for reimbursement, as provided for in TRIPRA, and is subject to the same deductibles and co-insurance obligations. This
potential reimbursement applies to property insurance only, and not to general liability or directors’ and officers’ insurance, and there are no assurances that we will be able to recover any or all of our NCBR losses under this program.

We may be unable to satisfy the insurance requirements of our lenders. 

Certain of our mortgage debt agreements for our properties and properties held by our European joint venture require us to maintain
property insurance provided by carriers maintaining minimum ratings from Standard & Poor’s, A.M. Best or other rating agencies. Several of our mortgages contain requirements for the financial strength of insurers to be rated as high as
AA by Standard & Poor’s. Due to upheavals in the financial markets, the number of insurers that carry that rating has been decreasing for a number of years. In 2009, and again in 2010, in all cases where our insurance carriers did not
meet the minimum financial strength requirements, we were able to obtain waivers from the lenders or they have provided written assurances that they are satisfied with the makeup of our pool of insurance providers. We cannot provide assurances that
each of our lenders will continue to be satisfied with our insurance coverage, or with the rating levels of our carriers, or that our carriers will not be downgraded further. If any of these lenders becomes dissatisfied with our insurance coverage
or the ratings of our insurance carriers, they may, on our behalf, elect to procure additional property insurance coverage that meets their ratings requirements. The cost of such additional property insurance would be borne by the property or