The statements in this section
describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Forward Looking Statements 

Our disclosure and
analysis in this 2007 Form 10-K and in our 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management’s plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide
forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as our forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current
facts. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify each such statement by using words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,”
“will,” “target,” “forecast” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future performance
or results of current and anticipated expenses, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results.

16 

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statements will be realized, although we believe we have
been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove
inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. 

We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are
advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make or related subjects in our 10-Q and 8-K reports to the SEC. Also note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions
relevant to our businesses. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or
uncertainties. 

Financial Risks and Risks of Operation 

We depend on external sources of capital for future growth and we may be unable to access capital when necessary.

Unlike
regular C corporations, we must finance our growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because we are required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income (other than net capital gain) in order
to qualify as a REIT, including taxable income we recognize for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which we do not receive corresponding cash. Our ability to access the external capital we require could be hampered by a number of
factors, many of which are outside of our control, including declining general market conditions, unfavorable market perception of our growth potential, decreases in our current and estimated future earnings, excessive cash distributions or
decreases in the market price of Host’s common stock. In addition, our ability to access additional capital may also be limited by the terms of our existing indebtedness, which, under certain circumstances, restricts our incurrence of debt and
the payment of distributions. The occurrence of any of these above-mentioned factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us from being able to obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us or at all and the
failure to obtain necessary external capital could have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance our future growth. 

We have substantial
debt. 

As of December 31, 2007, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $5.6 billion. 

Our substantial indebtedness has important consequences. It currently requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to
debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, distributions to our partners and other general purposes. Additionally, it could: 

•

 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 

•

 limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general business
purposes on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or 

•

 affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. 

17 

Because we must distribute 90% of our taxable income (other than net capital gain) in order to maintain
our qualification as a REIT, we depend upon external sources of capital for future growth. If our cash flow and working capital were not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we would have to raise additional funds
through: 

•

 sales of our equity; 

•

 the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host LP; or 

•

 the sale of our assets. 

We cannot
make any assurances to you that any of these sources of funds would be available to us or, if available, would be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient for us to meet our obligations or fulfill our business plan.

Our revenues and the value of our properties are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry. 

The lodging industry is subject to changes in travel patterns of business and leisure travelers, both of which are affected by a number of factors
including the strength of the economy, the effect of terrorist attacks and terror alerts in the United States and internationally as well as other geopolitical disturbances. While our operations have improved over the past four years, changes in
travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and adversely affect our results. Our results of operations, and any forecast we make, may be affected and can change based on the
following risks: 

•

 changes in the international, national, regional and local economic climate; 

•

 changes in business and leisure travel patterns; 

•

 local market conditions such as an oversupply of hotel rooms or a reduction in lodging demand; 

•

 the attractiveness of our hotels to consumers relative to our competition; 

•

 the performance of the managers of our hotels; 

•

 changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors; 

•

 unionization of the labor force at our hotels; and 

•

 declines in liquidity in the credit markets and access to capital 

The terms of our debt place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, reducing operational flexibility and creating default risks. 

The documents governing the terms of our existing senior notes and our credit facility contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. These covenants will restrict, among other things, our
ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: 

•

 conduct acquisitions, mergers or consolidations unless the successor entity in such transaction assumes our indebtedness; 

•

 incur additional debt in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; 

•

 create liens securing indebtedness, unless effective provision is made to secure our other indebtedness by such liens; 

•

 sell assets without using the proceeds from such sales for certain permitted uses or to make an offer to repay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness;

•

 make capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds; 

•

 raise capital; 

18 

•

 pay dividends without satisfying certain financial metrics; and 

•

 conduct transactions with affiliates other than on an arms length basis and, in certain instances, without obtaining opinions as to the fairness of such
transactions. 

In addition, certain covenants in the credit facility require us and our subsidiaries to meet financial
performance tests. If we fail to meet such tests, the restrictive covenants in the applicable indenture(s), the credit facility and the documents governing our other debt (including our mortgage debt) will reduce our flexibility in conducting our
operations and will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the
acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our debt. For a detailed description of the covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations—Financial Condition”. 

Our ability to pay dividends may be limited or prohibited by the terms of our indebtedness.

We are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and instruments that restrict or prevent the payment of dividends on our
classes and series of capital stock. Under the terms of Host LP’s credit facility and senior notes indenture, distributions to Host by Host LP, upon which Host depends in order to obtain the cash necessary to pay dividends, are permitted only
to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, Host LP can satisfy certain financial covenant tests (concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage) and meet other requirements. 

Foreclosure on our mortgage debt could adversely affect our business. 

As of December 31, 2007, 16 of our hotels and assets related thereto are subject to mortgages in an aggregate amount of approximately $1.4 billion. Although the debt is generally non-recourse to us, if these
hotels do not produce adequate cash flow to service the debt secured by such mortgages, the mortgage lenders could foreclose on these assets. We may opt to allow such foreclosure to occur rather than make the necessary mortgage payments with funds
from other sources. However, Host LP’s senior notes indenture and credit facility contain cross-default provisions, which, depending upon the amount of secured debt of which is defaulted, could cause a cross-default under both of these
agreements. Host LP’s credit facility, which contains a more restrictive cross-default provision than the senior notes indenture, provides that a credit facility default occurs in the event Host LP defaults on non-recourse secured indebtedness
in excess of 1% of its total assets (using undepreciated real estate values) or defaults on other indebtedness in excess of $50 million. For this and other reasons, permitting a foreclosure could adversely affect our long-term business
prospects. 

An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on our credit facility and any variable rate debt we incur and could
adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt or sell assets. 

Under our revolving credit facility, interest payments are
based on floating rates. To the extent we draw on the credit facility, an increase in interest rates will reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes including investment in our portfolio. Further, rising interest rates could limit
our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures and increase interest costs on any debt that is refinanced. We may from time to time enter into agreements such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate hedging contracts.
While these agreements may lessen the impact of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that the agreements will be unenforceable. In addition, an increase in interest rates
could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to dispose of assets as part of our business strategy. 

19 

Rating agency downgrades may increase our cost of capital.

Both our senior notes and our preferred stock are rated by Moody’s Investors’ Service, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings. These
independent rating agencies may elect to downgrade their ratings on our senior notes and our preferred stock at any time. Such downgrades may negatively affect our access to the capital markets and increase our cost of capital. 

The acquisition contracts relating to some hotels limit our ability to sell or refinance those hotels. 

For reasons relating to federal and state income tax considerations of the former and current owners of five hotels, we have agreed to restrictions on
selling the hotels, or repaying or refinancing the mortgage debt for varying periods depending on the hotel. Most of these agreements will expire between 2008 and 2010. We have also agreed not to sell more than 50% of the original allocated value
attributable to a portfolio of 11 additional hotels, or to take other actions that would result in the recognition and allocation of gain to the former owners of such hotels for federal and state income tax purposes prior to January 1, 2009. As
a result, even if it were in our best interests to sell these hotels or repay or otherwise reduce the level of the mortgage debt on such hotels, it may be difficult or costly to do so during their respective lock-out periods. In specified
circumstances, we may agree to similar restrictions in connection with future hotel acquisitions. 

Our acquisition of additional properties may have a
significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations. 

As part of our business strategy, we
seek to acquire luxury and upper upscale hotel properties. We may acquire properties through various structures, including transactions involving portfolios, single assets, joint ventures and acquisitions of all or substantially all of the
securities or assets of other REITs or similar real estate entities. We anticipate that our acquisitions will be financed through a combination of methods, including proceeds from Host equity offerings, issuance of limited partnership interests of
Host LP, advances under our credit facility, the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness and proceeds from the sales of assets. Recent declines in credit markets may limit the ability of purchasers to finance hotels and adversely affect our
disposition strategy and our ability to use proceeds to finance acquisitions. We may, from time to time, be in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating possible acquisition transactions and we expect to continue to do so in the future.
We cannot assure you that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize the benefits that we anticipate from the acquisitions that we consummate. Our inability to consummate one or more
acquisitions on such terms, or our failure to realize the intended benefits from one or more acquisitions, could have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations, including as a result of
our incurrence of additional indebtedness and related interest expense and our assumption of unforeseen contingent liabilities. 

We may acquire hotel