We are subject to changing economic, competitive, regulatory and technological risks and uncertainties because of the nature of our operations. In connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we note the following factors that, among others, could cause future results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions expressed or implied in this
report. Many of the forward-looking statements contained in this document may be identified by the use of words such as “intend,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” “planned,”
“projected,” “estimated” and “potential,” among others. Among the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results projected in our forward-looking statements are the risk factors
described below. 

Issues or concerns related to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging could cause a product
recall and/or result in harm to the Company’s reputation, negatively impacting our operating results. 

In order to
sell our iconic, branded products, we need to maintain a good reputation with our customers and consumers. Issues related to quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging, could jeopardize our Company’s image and reputation.
Negative publicity related to these types of concerns, or related to product contamination or product tampering, whether valid or not, might negatively impact demand for our products, or cause production and delivery disruptions. We may need to
recall products if any of our products become unfit for consumption. In addition, we could potentially be subject to litigation or government actions, which could result in payments of fines or damages. Costs associated with these potential actions
could negatively affect our operating results. 

Increases in raw material and energy costs along with the availability of adequate
supplies of raw materials could affect future financial results. 

We use many different commodities for our business,
including cocoa products, sugar, dairy products, peanuts, almonds, corn sweeteners, natural gas and fuel oil. 

Commodities are
subject to price volatility and changes in supply caused by numerous factors, including: 

•

 Commodity market fluctuations; 

•

 Currency exchange rates; 

•

 Imbalances between supply and demand; 

•

 The effect of weather on crop yield; 

•

 Speculative influences; 

•

 Trade agreements among producing and consuming nations; 

•

 Supplier compliance with commitments; 

•

 Political unrest in producing countries; and 

•

 Changes in governmental agricultural programs and energy policies. 

Although we use forward contracts and commodity futures and options contracts, where possible, to hedge commodity prices, commodity price
increases ultimately result in corresponding increases in our raw material and energy costs. If we are unable to offset cost increases for major raw materials and energy, there could be a negative impact on our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Market demand for new and existing products could decline. 

We operate in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. To generate revenues and profits, we must sell
products that appeal to our customers and to consumers. Continued success is dependent on effective retail execution, appropriate advertising campaigns and marketing programs, the ability to

10 

secure adequate shelf space at retail locations and product innovation, including maintaining a strong pipeline of new products. In addition, success depends on our response to consumer trends,
consumer health concerns, including obesity and the consumption of certain ingredients, and changes in product category consumption and consumer demographics. 

Our largest customer, McLane Company, Inc., accounted for approximately 27% of our total net sales in 2009 reflecting the continuing consolidation of our customer base. In this environment, there continue
to be competitive product and pricing pressures, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, including retailers and distributors, to compete effectively. McLane
Company, Inc. is one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers, including Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 

Increased marketplace competition could hurt our business. 

The global confectionery packaged goods industry is intensely competitive, as is the broader snack market. Some of our competitors are much larger firms that have greater resources and more substantial
international operations. In order to protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this highly competitive retail environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for promotions and advertising, and continue to
introduce and establish new products. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in
maintaining or enhancing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks because we operate in a highly competitive retail environment. 

Price increases may not be sufficient to offset cost increases and maintain profitability or may result in sales volume declines associated with
pricing elasticity. 

We may be able to pass some or all raw material, energy and other input cost increases to
customers by increasing the selling prices of our products or decreasing the size of our products; however, higher product prices or decreased product sizes may also result in a reduction in sales volume. If we are not able to increase our selling
prices or reduce product sizes sufficiently to offset increased raw material, energy or other input costs, including packaging, direct labor, overhead and employee benefits, or if our sales volume decreases significantly, there could be a negative
impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Disruption to our supply chain could impair our ability to produce or
deliver our finished products, resulting in a negative impact on our operating results. 

Disruption to our
manufacturing operations or our supply chain could result from, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 Natural disaster; 

•

 Pandemic outbreak of disease; 

•

 Weather; 

•

 Fire or explosion; 

•

 Terrorism; 

•

 Strikes; 

•

 Unavailability of raw or packaging materials; and 

•

 Operational and/or financial instability of key suppliers, and other vendors or service providers. 

11 

We take adequate precautions to mitigate the impact of possible disruptions, and have plans
in place to manage such events if they were to occur. If we are unable, or if it is not financially feasible, to effectively mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such disruptive events, our results of operations and financial condition
could be negatively impacted. 

Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully execute acquisitions,
divestitures and joint ventures. 

From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, divestitures or joint
ventures that align with our strategic objectives. The success of such activity depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable buyers, sellers or business partners; perform effective assessments prior to contract execution; negotiate
contract terms and, if applicable, obtain government approval. These activities may present certain financial, managerial and operational risks, including diversion of management’s attention from existing core businesses; difficulties
integrating or separating businesses from existing operations; and challenges presented by acquisitions or joint ventures which may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. If the acquisitions, divestitures or
joint ventures are not successfully implemented or completed, there could be a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Changes in governmental laws and regulations could increase our costs and liabilities or impact demand for our products. 

Changes in laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or applied may alter our business environment. This could affect
our results of operations or increase our liabilities. These negative impacts could result from changes in food and drug laws, laws related to advertising and marketing practices, accounting standards, taxation requirements, competition laws,
employment laws and environmental laws, among others. It is possible that we could become subject to additional liabilities in the future resulting from changes in laws and regulations that could result in an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. 

Political, economic, and/or financial market conditions could negatively impact our financial
results. 

Our operations are impacted by consumer spending levels and impulse purchases which are affected by general
macroeconomic conditions, consumer confidence, employment levels, availability of consumer credit and interest rates on that credit, consumer debt levels, energy costs and other factors. Volatility in food and energy costs, sustained global
recessions, rising unemployment and declines in personal spending could adversely impact the Company’s revenues, profitability and financial condition. 

Changes in financial market conditions may make it difficult to access credit markets on commercially acceptable terms which may reduce liquidity or increase borrowing costs for our Company, our customers
and our suppliers. A significant reduction in liquidity could increase counterparty risk associated with certain suppliers and service providers, resulting in disruption to our supply chain and/or higher costs, and could impact our customers,
resulting in a reduction in our revenue, including a possible increase in bad debt expense. 

International operations could fluctuate
unexpectedly and adversely impact our business. 

In 2009, we derived approximately 14.3% of our net sales from
customers located outside of the United States. Some of our assets are also located outside of the United States. As part of our global growth strategy, we are increasing our investments outside of the United States, particularly in Mexico, India
and China. As a result, we are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: 

•

 Unforeseen global economic and environmental changes resulting in business interruption, supply constraints, inflation, deflation or decreased demand;

12 

•

 Difficulties and costs associated with compliance and enforcement of remedies under a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;

•

 Different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments; 

•

 Political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest; 

•

 Nationalization of our properties by foreign governments; 

•

 Tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon
repatriation; 

•

 Potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 

•

 The imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;

•

 Increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; 

•

 The impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies; and 

•

 Failure to gain sufficient profitable scale in certain international markets resulting in losses from impairment or sale of assets.

Disruptions, failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a negative impact
on our operations. 

Information technology is an important part of our business operations. We use information
technology to manage business processes, collect and interpret business data and communicate internally and externally with employees, suppliers, customers and others. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place; however, a
disruption or failure could have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation. Failure of our systems to function as intended could cause transaction errors, loss of customers and sales, and could have negative consequences to our
Company, our employees, and those with whom we do business. 

Future developments related to the investigation by government regulators
of alleged pricing practices by members of the confectionery industry could impact our reputation, the regulatory environment under which we operate, and our operating results. 

Government regulators are investigating alleged pricing practices by members of the confectionery industry in certain jurisdictions. We are
cooperating fully with all relevant authorities. These allegations could have a negative impact on our Company’s reputation. We also may be required to incur defense costs in litigation and/or be subject to fines or damages. In addition, our
costs could increase if we became subject to new or additional government-mandated regulatory controls. These possible actions could negatively impact our future operating results. 

Pension costs or funding requirements could increase at a higher than anticipated rate. 

We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans. Changes in interest rates or in the market value of plan assets could affect the funded status of our pension plans. This could cause volatility in
our benefits costs and increase future funding requirements for our pension plans. Additionally, we could incur pension settlement losses if a significant number of employees who have retired or have left the Company decide to withdraw substantial
lump sums from their pension accounts. A significant increase in pension expense, in pension settlement losses or in future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For more
information, refer to page 43.