We are subject
to changing economic, competitive, regulatory and technological risks and uncertainties because of the nature of our operations. In connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we
note the following factors that, among others, could cause future results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions expressed or implied in this report. Many of the forward-looking statements contained in
this document may be identified by the use of words such as “intend,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” “planned,” “projected,” “estimated” and
“potential,” among others. Among the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results projected in our forward-looking statements are the risk factors described below. 

Annual savings from initiatives to transform our supply chain and advance our value-enhancing strategy may be less than we expect. 

In February 2007, we announced a comprehensive, supply chain transformation program which includes a phased three-year plan to enhance our manufacturing,
sourcing and customer service capabilities. We expect ongoing annual savings from this program and previous initiatives to generate significant savings to invest in our growth initiatives and to advance our value-enhancing strategy. If ongoing
annual savings do not meet our expectations, we may not obtain the anticipated future benefits. 

Increases in raw material and energy costs could
affect future financial results. 

We use many different commodities for our business, including cocoa beans, cocoa products, sugar,
dairy products, peanuts, almonds, corn sweeteners, natural gas and fuel oil. 

Commodities are subject to price volatility and changes in
supply caused by: 

•

 Commodity market fluctuations; 

•

 Currency exchange rates; 

•

 Imbalances between supply and demand; 

•

 The effect of weather on crop yield; 

•

 Speculative influences; 

•

 Trade agreements among producing and consuming nations; 

•

 Political unrest in producing countries; and 

•

 Changes in governmental agricultural programs and energy policies. 

Although we use forward contracts and commodity futures contracts, where possible, to hedge commodity prices, commodity price increases ultimately result in corresponding increases in our raw material and energy
costs. If we are unable to offset cost increases for major raw materials and energy, there could be a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

9 

Table of Contents

Price increases may not be sufficient
to offset cost increases and maintain profitability. 

We may be able to pass some or all raw material, energy and other input cost
increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of our products or decreasing the size of our products; however, higher product prices or decreased product size may also result in a reduction in sales volume. If we are not able to increase
our selling prices or reduce product sizes sufficiently to offset increased raw material, energy or other input costs, including packaging, direct labor, overhead and employee benefits, or if our sales volume decreases significantly, there could be
a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Implementation of our supply chain transformation program may not occur
within the anticipated timeframe and/or may exceed our cost estimates. 

We announced a comprehensive supply chain transformation
program in February 2007 which is expected to be completed by December 2009. We estimate that this program will incur pre-tax charges and non-recurring project implementation costs of $525 million to $575 million over the three-year period.
Completion of this program is subject to multiple operating and executional risks, including coordination of manufacturing changes, production line startups, cross-border legal, regulatory and political issues, and foreign currency exchange risks,
among others. If we are not able to complete the program initiatives within the anticipated timeframe and within our cost estimates, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

Issues related to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging could cause a product recall, resulting in harm to the Company’s reputation
and negatively impacting our operating results. 

In order to sell our iconic, branded products, we need to maintain a good
reputation with our customers and consumers. Issues related to quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging, could jeopardize our Company’s image and reputation. Negative publicity related to these types of concerns, or related
to product contamination or product tampering, whether valid or not, might negatively impact demand for our products, or cause production and delivery disruptions. We may need to recall products if any of our products become unfit for consumption.
In addition, we could potentially be subject to litigation or government actions, which could result in payments of fines or damages. Costs associated with these potential actions could negatively affect our operating results. 

A product recall and related temporary plant closure during the fourth quarter of 2006 was caused by a contaminated ingredient purchased from an outside
supplier. We have filed a claim for damages and are currently in litigation. A receivable was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets related to the anticipated recovery of damages. Future developments in this case could impact our
ability to recover the costs we incurred for the recall and temporary plant closure from responsible third-parties. 

Future developments related to
the investigation by government regulators of alleged pricing practices by members of the confectionery industry could impact our reputation, the regulatory environment under which we operate, and our operating results. 

Government regulators are investigating alleged pricing practices by members of the confectionery industries in certain jurisdictions. We are cooperating
fully with all relevant authorities. These allegations could have a negative impact on our Company’s reputation. We may also be subject to subsequent litigation or government action, including payment of fines or damages. We may incur increased
costs associated with this investigation. In addition, our costs could increase if we would be required to pay fines or damages, or institute additional, new, government-mandated regulatory controls. These possible actions could negatively impact
our future operating results. 

10 

Table of Contents

Pension costs could increase at a
higher than anticipated rate. 

Changes in interest rates or in the market value of plan assets could affect the funded status of our
pension plans. This could cause volatility in our benefits costs and increase future funding requirements of our pension plans. Additionally, we could incur pension settlement losses if a significant number of employees who have retired or have left
the company decide to withdraw substantial lump sums from their pension accounts. Pension settlement losses of approximately $11.8 million were incurred during 2007 and we anticipate additional settlement costs in 2008. The fair value of our pension
plan assets exceeded pension benefits obligations as of December 31, 2007. However, a significant increase in future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Increases in our stock price could increase expenses. 

Changes in the price of our Common Stock expose us to market risks. Expenses for incentive compensation could increase due to an increase in the price of our Common Stock. 

Market demand for new and existing products could decline. 

We operate in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. To generate revenues and profits, we must sell products that appeal to our customers and to consumers. Continued success is
dependent on product innovation, including maintaining a strong pipeline of new products, effective retail execution, appropriate advertising campaigns and marketing programs, and the ability to secure adequate shelf space at retail locations. In
addition, success depends on our response to consumer trends, consumer health concerns, including obesity and the consumption of certain ingredients, and changes in product category consumption and consumer demographics. 

Our largest customer, McLane Company, Inc., accounted for approximately 26% of our total net sales in 2007 reflecting the continuing consolidation of our
customer base. In this environment, there continue to be competitive product and pricing pressures, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, including retailers
and distributors, to compete effectively. McLane Company, Inc. is one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers, including Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 

Increased marketplace competition could hurt our business. 

The global confectionery packaged goods industry is intensely competitive, as is the broader snack market. Some of our competitors are much larger firms that have greater resources and more substantial international
operations. In order to protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this highly competitive retail environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for promotions and advertising, and continue to introduce and
establish new products. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining
or enhancing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks because we operate in a highly competitive retail environment. 

Changes in governmental laws and regulations could increase our costs and liabilities or impact demand for our products. 

Changes in laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or applied may alter our business environment. This could affect our results
of operations or increase our liabilities. These negative impacts could result from changes in food and drug laws, laws related to advertising and marketing practices, accounting standards, taxation requirements, competition laws, employment laws
and environmental laws, 

11 

Table of Contents

among others. It is possible that we could become subject to additional liabilities in the future resulting from changes in laws and regulations that could
result in an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

International operations could fluctuate unexpectedly and
adversely impact our business. 

In 2007, we derived approximately 13.8% of our net sales from customers located outside the United
States. Some of our assets are also located outside of the United States. As part of our global growth strategy, we are increasing our investments outside of the United States, particularly in India and China. As a result, we are subject to numerous
risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: 

•

 Unforeseen global economic and environmental changes resulting in business interruption, supply constraints, inflation, deflation or decreased demand;

•

 Difficulties and costs associated with complying with, and enforcing remedies under a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;

•

 Different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments; 

•

 Political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest; 

•

 Nationalization of our properties by foreign governments; 

•

 Tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation;

•

 Potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 

•

 The imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 Increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; 

•

 The impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies; and 

•

 Failure to gain sufficient profitable scale in certain international markets resulting in losses from impairment or sale of assets.