The nature of our operations and the environment in which
we operate subject us to changing economic, competitive, regulatory and technological conditions, risks and uncertainties. In connection with the
“safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we note the following factors that, among others, could
cause future results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions expressed or implied herein. Many of the
forward-looking statements contained in this document may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as “intend,”
“believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” “planned,” “estimated” and
“potential,” among others. Among the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements
are the risk factors described below.

Our ability to implement and generate expected
ongoing annual savings from initiatives to advance our value enhancing strategy

In July 2005, we announced initiatives intended to advance
our value-enhancing strategy. These initiatives include a U.S. Voluntary Workforce Reduction Program (“VWRP”), facility rationalization and
the streamlining and restructuring of our international operations, including a Canadian VWRP. We project that these initiatives will be fully
implemented by December 31, 2006. These initiatives are expected to generate ongoing annual savings of approximately $45 million to $50 million when
fully implemented. The savings will be reinvested in activities that will further the growth of our business, improve cash flows and enhance
shareholder returns. Should ongoing annual savings fall short of expectations, we may not reap the anticipated benefits of our value-enhancing
strategy.

Changes in raw material and other costs and selling
price increases

We use many different commodities for our business,
including cocoa, sugar, milk, peanuts, almonds, corn sweeteners, natural gas and fuel oil. Commodities are subject to price volatility caused by
commodity market fluctuations, the quality and availability of supply, weather, currency fluctuations, speculative influences, trade agreements among
producing and consuming nations, political unrest in producing countries, consumer demand and changes in governmental agricultural programs. Although
we use forward contracts and commodity futures contracts to hedge commodity prices, commodity price increases ultimately result in corresponding
increases in our raw material and energy costs. We may be able to pass some or all of the raw material and energy cost increases to customers in the
form of higher product prices; however, higher product prices may also result in a reduction in sales volume. If we are not able to increase price
realization and productivity to offset increased raw material costs, or if sales volume is significantly reduced, it could have a negative impact on
our results of operations and financial condition.

Our ability to implement improvements to and reduce
costs associated with the supply chain

Further optimization of our supply chain is also essential
to offset the potential for raw material and other cost increases discussed above. We have made significant improvements to the supply chain,
consolidating our distribution network, exiting underperforming businesses and rationalizing the product line. Continued productivity initiatives such
as these will be necessary to offset future cost increases and to enable potential expansion into adjacencies to our current product
portfolio.

Pension cost factors

Changes in interest rates and the market value of plan
assets can affect the funded status of our pension plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of the
plans. Additionally, employee decisions to withdraw lump sums could result in pension

7

settlement losses depending on the magnitude of such
withdrawals. Although the fair value of our pension plan assets exceeded pension benefits obligations as of December 31, 2005, a significant increase
in future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Stock price

We are exposed to market risks arising from changes in the
price of our Common Stock. Expenses for incentive compensation, stock options and certain employee benefits could increase due to an increase in the
price of our Common Stock.

Market demand for new and existing
products

We operate in highly competitive markets and rely on
continued demand for our products. To generate revenues and profits, we must sell products that appeal to our customers and to consumers. Continued
success is dependent on product innovation, including maintaining a strong pipeline of new products, effective sales incentives, appropriate
advertising campaigns and marketing programs, and the ability to secure adequate shelf space at retail. In addition, success depends on our response to
consumer trends, consumer health concerns, including obesity and the consumption of certain ingredients, and changes in product category consumption
and consumer demographics.

Our largest customer, McLane Company, Inc., one of the
largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers, accounted for more than
20% of total net sales in 2005 reflecting the continuing consolidation of our customer base. In this environment, there continue to be competitive
product and pricing pressures, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key
customers, including retailers and distributors, to compete effectively.

Marketplace competition

The global confectionery packaged goods industry is
intensely competitive, as is the broader snack market. In order to protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this highly
competitive retail environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for promotions and advertising, and continue to introduce and establish new
products. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and
consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing our market share and could result in lower sales and
profits. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks as a result of competing for customers in a highly competitive retail
environment.

Governmental laws and
regulations

Changes in laws and regulations and the manner in which
they are interpreted or applied may alter the environment in which we operate and, therefore, affect our results of operations or increase liabilities.
These include changes in food and drug laws, laws related to advertising and marketing practices, accounting standards, taxation requirements,
competition laws, employment laws and environmental laws. It is possible that we could become subject to additional liabilities in the future resulting
from changes in laws and regulations that could result in an adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial condition.

International operations

In 2005, we derived approximately 11% of our net sales from
customers located outside the United States. In addition, portions of our total assets are located outside of the United States. As a result, we are
subject to numerous risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including:

 •

Unforeseen global economic and environmental changes resulting
in business interruption, supply constraints, inflation, deflation or decreased demand;

8

 •

Difficulties and costs associated with complying with, and
enforcing remedies under, a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;

 •

Different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in
regulatory environments;

 •

Political and economic instability, including the possibility of
civil unrest;

 •

Nationalization of our properties by foreign
governments;

 •

Tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and
earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation;

 •

Potentially negative consequences from changes in tax
laws;

 •

The imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade
protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;

 •

Increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability
of freight transportation; and

 •

The impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the
U.S. dollar and foreign currencies.