We are subject to
changing economic, competitive, regulatory and technological conditions, risks and uncertainties because of the nature of our operations. In connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995, we note the following factors that, among others, could cause future results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions expressed or implied in this report. Many of the forward-looking statements
contained in this document may be identified by the use of words such as “intend,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” “planned,” “projected,” “estimated” and
“potential,” among others. Among the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results projected in our forward-looking statements are the risk factors described below. 

Annual savings from initiatives to advance our value-enhancing strategy may be less than we expect. 

In February 2007, we announced a comprehensive, supply chain transformation program which includes a phased three-year plan to enhance our manufacturing,
sourcing and customer service capabilities. We expect ongoing annual savings from this program and previous initiatives to generate significant savings to invest in our growth initiatives and to advance our value-enhancing strategy. If ongoing
annual savings do not meet our expectations, we may not obtain the anticipated future benefits. 

Increases in raw material and energy costs could
affect future financial results. 

We use many different commodities for our business, including cocoa, sugar, milk, peanuts,
almonds, corn sweeteners, natural gas and fuel oil. 

Commodities are subject to price volatility and changes in supply caused by:

•

 Commodity market fluctuations; 

•

 Currency exchange rates; 

•

 Imbalances between supply and demand; 

•

 The effect of weather on crop yield; 

8 

•

 Speculative influences; 

•

 Trade agreements among producing and consuming nations; 

•

 Political unrest in producing countries; and 

•

 Changes in governmental agricultural programs. 

Although we use forward contracts and commodity futures contracts, where possible, to hedge commodity prices, commodity price increases ultimately result in corresponding increases in our raw material and energy
costs. If we are unable to offset cost increases for major raw materials and energy, there could be a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Price increases may not be sufficient to offset cost increases and maintain profitability. 

We
may be able to pass some or all raw material, energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of our products or decreasing the size of our products; however, higher product prices or decreased product size may
also result in a reduction in sales volume. If we are not able to increase our selling prices sufficiently to offset increased raw material, energy or other input costs, including packaging, direct labor, overhead and employee benefits, or if our
sales volume decreases significantly, there could be a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Implementation of our
supply chain transformation program may not occur within the anticipated timeframe and/or may exceed our cost estimates. 

We
announced a supply chain transformation program in February 2007 which is expected to be completed by December 2009. We estimate that this program will incur pre-tax charges and non-recurring project implementation costs of $525 million to $575
million over the three-year period. Completion of this program is subject to multiple operating and executional risks, including coordination of manufacturing changes, production line startups, cross-border legal, regulatory and political issues,
and foreign currency exchange risks, among others. If we are not able to complete the program initiatives within the anticipated timeframe and within our cost estimates, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.

Pension costs could increase at a higher than anticipated rate. 

Changes in interest rates or in the market value of plan assets could affect the funded status of our pension plans. This could cause volatility in our
benefits costs and increase future funding requirements of our pension plans. Additionally, we could incur pension settlement losses if a significant number of our retired employees decide to withdraw substantial lump sums from their pension
accounts. The fair value of our pension plan assets exceeded pension benefits obligations as of December 31, 2006. However, a significant increase in future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

Increases in our stock price could increase expenses. 

Changes in the price of our Common Stock expose us to market risks. Expenses for incentive compensation could increase due to an increase in the price of
our Common Stock. 

Market demand for new and existing products could decline. 

We operate in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. To generate revenues and profits, we must sell products that
appeal to our customers and to consumers. Continued success is dependent on product innovation, including maintaining a strong pipeline of new products, effective retail execution, appropriate advertising campaigns and marketing programs, and the
ability to secure adequate shelf space at retail locations. In addition, success depends on our response to consumer trends, consumer health concerns, including obesity and the consumption of certain ingredients, and changes in product category
consumption and consumer demographics. 

9 

Our largest customer, McLane Company, Inc., accounted for more than 25% of total net sales in 2006
reflecting the continuing consolidation of our customer base. In this environment, there continue to be competitive product and pricing pressures, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. We must maintain mutually beneficial
relationships with our key customers, including retailers and distributors, to compete effectively. McLane Company, Inc. is one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass
merchandisers, including Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 

Increased marketplace competition could hurt our business. 

The global confectionery packaged goods industry is intensely competitive, as is the broader snack market. In order to protect our existing market share
or capture increased market share in this highly competitive retail environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for promotions and advertising, and continue to introduce and establish new products. Due to inherent risks in the
marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing our market share and could result in
lower sales and profits. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks because we operate in a highly competitive retail environment. 

Changes in governmental laws and regulations could increase our costs and liabilities or impact demand for our products. 

Changes in laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or applied may alter our business environment. This could affect our results of operations or increase our liabilities. These negative impacts could result from
changes in food and drug laws, laws related to advertising and marketing practices, accounting standards, taxation requirements, competition laws, employment laws and environmental laws, among others. It is possible that we could become subject to
additional liabilities in the future resulting from changes in laws and regulations that could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

International operations could fluctuate unexpectedly and adversely impact our business. 

In
2006, we derived approximately 10.9% of our net sales from customers located outside the United States. In addition, portions of our total assets are located outside of the United States. As a result, we are subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: 

•

 Unforeseen global economic and environmental changes resulting in business interruption, supply constraints, inflation, deflation or decreased demand;

•

 Difficulties and costs associated with complying with, and enforcing remedies under a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;

•

 Different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments; 

•

 Political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest; 

•

 Nationalization of our properties by foreign governments; 

•

 Tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation;

•

 Potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 

•

 The imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 Increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; and 

•

 The impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies. 

10