. 

Arconic’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm its business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing Arconic’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of significant risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Arconic or that Arconic currently deems immaterial also may materially adversely affect the Company in future periods.

Risks Related to Our Business

The markets for Arconic’s products are highly cyclical and are influenced by a number of factors, including global economic conditions.

Arconic is subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic conditions and lightweight metals end-use markets. Arconic sells many products to industries that are cyclical, such as the aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation and building and construction industries, and the demand for its products is sensitive to, and quickly impacted by, demand for the finished goods manufactured by its customers in these industries, which may change as a result of changes in regional or worldwide economies, currency exchange rates, energy prices or other factors beyond its control.

In particular, Arconic derives a significant portion of its revenue from products sold to the aerospace industry, which can be highly cyclical and reflective of changes in the general economy. The commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft. The U.S. and international commercial aviation industries may face challenges arising from competitive pressures and fuel costs. Demand for commercial aircraft is influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic, the state of U.S., regional and world economies, the ability of aircraft purchasers to obtain required financing and numerous other factors including the effects of terrorism, health and safety concerns, environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft operators, the retirement of older aircraft, the performance and cost of alternative materials, and technological improvements to aircraft. The military aerospace cycle is highly dependent on U.S. and foreign government funding; however, it is also driven by the effects of terrorism, a changing global political environment, U.S. foreign policy, the retirement of older military aircraft, and technological improvements to new engines.

Further, the demand for Arconic’s automotive and ground transportation products is driven by the number of vehicles produced by automotive and commercial transportation manufacturers and volume of aluminum content per vehicle. The automotive industry is sensitive to general economic conditions, including credit markets and interest rates, and consumer spending and 

15

Table of Contents

preferences regarding vehicle ownership and usage, vehicle size, configuration and features. Automotive and commercial transportation sales and production can also be affected by other factors, including the age of the vehicle fleet and related scrappage rates, labor relations issues, fuel prices, regulatory requirements, government initiatives, trade agreements and levels of competition both within and outside of the aluminum industry.

Arconic is unable to predict the future course of industry variables, the strength of the U.S., regional or global economies, or the effects of government actions. Negative economic conditions, such as a major economic downturn, a prolonged recovery period, or disruptions in the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

Arconic faces significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability.

As discussed in 
Part I, Item 1.

 (Business-Competitive Conditions) of this report, the markets for Arconic’s products are highly competitive. Arconic’s competitors include a variety of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies in all major markets. New product offerings, new technologies in the marketplace or new facilities may compete with or replace Arconic products. The willingness of customers to accept substitutes for the products sold by Arconic, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for Arconic’s products, and technological advancements or other developments by or affecting Arconic’s competitors or customers could adversely affect Arconic’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

In addition, Arconic may face increased competition due to industry consolidation. As companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions in an evolving industry, companies could be acquired or merged. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of Arconic’s business may acquire or form alliances with Arconic’s competitors, thereby reducing their business with Arconic. Industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors who are better able to obtain favorable terms from suppliers or who are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. Consolidation within Arconic’s customer base may result in customers who are better able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect Arconic’s profitability. Moreover, if, as a result of increased leverage, customers require Arconic to reduce its pricing such that its gross margins are diminished, Arconic could decide not to sell certain products to a particular customer, or not to sell certain products at all, which would decrease Arconic’s revenue. Consolidation within Arconic’s customer base may also lead to reduced demand for Arconic’s products, a combined entity replacing Arconic’s products with those of Arconic’s competitors and cancellations of orders. The result of these developments could have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s business, operating results and financial condition.

Arconic could be adversely affected by changes in the business or financial condition or the loss of a significant customer or customers.

Arconic has long-term contracts with a significant number of its customers, some of which are subject to renewal, renegotiation or re-pricing at periodic intervals or upon changes in competitive supply conditions. Arconic’s failure to successfully renew, renegotiate or favorably re-price such agreements, or a material deterioration in or termination of these customer relationships, could result in a reduction or loss in customer purchase volume or revenue.

Additionally, a significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition or loss of a key customer supplied by Arconic could affect Arconic’s financial results. Arconic’s customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, or other difficulties in their businesses. For example, in 2019, Boeing announced a temporary reduction in the production rate of, and subsequently announced a temporary suspension of production of, the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, which has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, a reduction in sales of aluminum sheet and plate and other products that Arconic produces for Boeing airplanes. As no firm timeline has been established for either the adjustment of Boeing’s manufacturing plans, or for returning the aircraft into service, we are currently unable to definitively quantify any such potential impact.

Arconic’s customers may also change their business strategies or modify their business relationships with Arconic, including to reduce the amount of Arconic’s products they purchase or to switch to alternative suppliers. If Arconic’s customers reduce, terminate or delay purchases from Arconic due to the foregoing factors or otherwise and Arconic is unsuccessful in enforcing its contract rights or replacing such business in whole or in part or replaces it with less profitable business, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.

Arconic could encounter manufacturing difficulties or other issues that impact product performance, quality or safety, which could affect Arconic’s reputation, business and financial statements.

The manufacture of many of Arconic’s products is a highly exacting and complex process. Problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols, specifications and procedures, including those related to quality or safety, problems with raw materials, supply chain interruptions, natural disasters, labor unrest and environmental factors. Such problems could have an adverse impact on the Company’s ability to fulfill orders or on product quality or on performance. Product manufacturing or performance issues could result in recalls, customer penalties, contract cancellation and product liability exposure. Because of approval, license and qualification 

16

Table of Contents

requirements applicable to manufacturers and/or their suppliers, alternatives to mitigate manufacturing disruptions may not be readily available to Arconic or its customers. Accordingly, manufacturing problems, product defects or other risks associated with our products, could result in significant costs to and liability for us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including the payment of potentially substantial monetary damages, fines or penalties, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation, which could adversely impact product demand and customer relationships.

Arconic’s business depends, in part, on its ability to meet increased program demand successfully and to mitigate the impact of program cancellations, reductions and delays.

Arconic is currently under contract to supply components for a number of new and existing commercial, general aviation, military aircraft and aircraft engine programs as well as aluminum sheet and extrusions for a number of aluminum-intensive automotive vehicle programs. Many of these programs are scheduled for production increases over the next several years. If Arconic fails to meet production levels or encounters difficulty or unexpected costs in meeting such levels, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Similarly, program cancellations, reductions or delays could also have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s business.

Product liability, product safety, personal injury, property damage, and recall claims and investigations may materially affect Arconic’s financial condition and damage Arconic’s reputation. 

The manufacture and sale of our products exposes Arconic to potential product liability, personal injury, property damage and related claims. These claims may arise from failure to meet product specifications, design flaws in our products, malfunction of our products, misuse of our products, use of our products in an unintended, unapproved or unrecommended manner, or use of our products with systems not manufactured or sold by us. New data and information, including information about the ways in which Arconic’s products are used, may lead Arconic, regulatory authorities, government agencies or other entities or organizations to publish guidelines or recommendations, or impose restrictions, related to the manufacturing or use of Arconic’s products. 

In the event that an Arconic product fails to perform as expected, regardless of fault, or is used in an unexpected manner, and such failure or use results in, or is alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or other losses, Arconic may be subject to product liability lawsuits and other claims, or may be required or requested by its customers to participate in a recall or other corrective action involving such product. In addition, if an Arconic product is perceived to be defective or unsafe, sales of Arconic’s products could be diminished, Arconic’s reputation could be adversely impacted and Arconic could be subject to further liability claims. Moreover, events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose Arconic to government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions. 

There can be no assurance that Arconic will be successful in defending any such proceedings or that insurance available to Arconic will be sufficient to cover any losses associated with such proceedings. An adverse outcome in one or more of these proceedings or investigations could: (i) have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s business, financial condition or profitability; (ii) impose substantial monetary damages and/or non-monetary penalties; (iii) result in additional litigation, regulatory investigations or other proceedings involving Arconic; result in loss of customers; (iv) require changes to our products or business operations; or (v) damage Arconic’s reputation and/or negatively impact the market price of Arconic’s common stock. Even if Arconic successfully defends against these types of claims, Arconic could still be required to spend a substantial amount of money in connection with legal proceedings or investigations with respect to such claims; Arconic’s management could be required to devote significant time, attention and operational resources responding to and defending against these claims and responding to these investigations; and Arconic’s reputation could suffer. Product liability claims and related lawsuits and investigations, product recalls, and allegations of product safety or quality issues, regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s business, financial condition and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers. 

For further discussion of potential liability associated with some of our products, including proceedings and investigations relating to the June 13, 2017 fire at the Grenfell Tower in London, U.K., see 
Part I, Item 3

.
 (Legal Proceedings) of this report. 

Arconic’s global operations expose Arconic to risks that could adversely affect Arconic’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the market price of its securities.

Arconic has operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the United States, including Europe, Canada, China, Japan and Russia. As a result, Arconic’s global operations are affected by economic, political and other conditions in the foreign countries in which Arconic does business as well as U.S. laws regulating international trade, including:

•

economic and commercial instability risks, including those caused by sovereign and private debt default, corruption, and changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, such as those related to tariffs, sanctions and trade barriers (including tariffs imposed by the United States as well as retaliatory tariffs imposed by China or other foreign entities), taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of assets or earnings;

17

Table of Contents

•

geopolitical risks such as political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization of properties by a government, imposition of sanctions, and renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements;

•

war or terrorist activities;

•

kidnapping of personnel;

•

major public health issues such as an outbreak of a pandemic or epidemic (such as Sudden Acute Respiratory Syndrome, Avian Influenza, H7N9 virus, coronavirus (including the novel strain that surfaced in Wuhan, China in December 2019, which has resulted in travel restrictions and shutdown of certain businesses in the region), or the Ebola virus), which could cause disruptions in Arconic’s operations, workforce or supply chain;

•

difficulties enforcing contractual rights and intellectual property, including a lack of remedies for misappropriation in certain jurisdictions; 

•

changes in trade and tax laws that may result in our customers being subjected to increased taxes, duties and tariffs and reduce their willingness to use our services in countries in which we are currently manufacturing their products;

•

rising labor costs;

•

labor unrest, including strikes;

•

compliance with antitrust and competition regulations; 

•

compliance with foreign labor laws, which generally provide for increased notice, severance and consultation requirements compared to U.S. laws;

•

aggressive, selective or lax enforcement of laws and regulations by national governmental authorities;

•

compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws;

•

compliance with U.S. laws concerning trade, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations, and the sanctions, regulations and embargoes administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control; 

•

imposition of currency controls; and

•

adverse tax audit rulings,

Although the effect of any of the foregoing factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect Arconic’s business, financial condition, or results of operations. The Company’s international operations subject Arconic to complex and dynamic laws and regulations that, in some cases, could result in conflict or inconsistency between applicable laws and/or legal obligations. While Arconic believes it has adopted appropriate risk management, compliance programs and insurance arrangements to address and reduce the associated risks, such measures may provide inadequate protection against costs, penalties, liabilities or other potential risks such as loss of export privileges or repatriation of assets that may arise from such events.

A material disruption of Arconic’s operations, particularly at one or more of the Company’s manufacturing facilities, could adversely affect Arconic’s business.

If Arconic’s operations, particularly one of the Company’s manufacturing facilities, were to be disrupted as a result of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, theft, sabotage, adverse weather conditions, public health crises, labor disputes or other reasons, Arconic may be unable to effectively meet its obligations to or demand from its customers, which could adversely affect Arconic’s financial performance.

Interruptions in production could increase Arconic’s costs and reduce its sales. Any interruption in production capability could require the Company to incur costs for premium freight, make substantial capital expenditures or purchase alternative material at higher costs to fill customer orders, which could negatively affect Arconic’s profitability and financial condition. Furthermore, because customers may be dependent on planned deliveries from us, customers that have to reschedule their own production due to our delivery delays may be able to pursue financial claims against us, and we may incur costs to correct such problems in addition to any liability resulting from such claims. Arconic maintains property damage insurance that the Company believes to be adequate to provide for reconstruction of facilities and equipment, as well as business interruption insurance to mitigate losses resulting from significant production interruption or shutdown caused by an insured loss. However, any recovery under Arconic’s insurance policies may not offset the lost profits or increased costs that may be experienced during the disruption of operations, which could adversely affect Arconic’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.

18

Table of Contents

Arconic may be unable to realize future targets or goals established for its business segments, or complete projects, at the levels, projected costs or by the dates targeted.

From time to time, Arconic may announce future targets or goals for its business, which are based on the Company’s then current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which Arconic operates. Future targets and goals reflect the Company’s beliefs and assumptions and its perception of historical trends, then current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors appropriate in the circumstances. As such, targets and goals are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events, including the risks discussed in this report. The actual outcome may be materially different. There can be no assurance that any targets or goals established by the Company will be accomplished at the levels or by the dates targeted, if at all. Failure to achieve the targets or goals by the Company may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or the market price of its securities.

In addition, the implementation of Arconic’s business strategy periodically involves the entry into and the execution of complex projects, which place significant demands on the Company’s management and personnel, and may depend on numerous factors beyond the Company’s control. There can be no assurance that such projects will be completed within budgeted costs, on a timely basis, or at all, whether due to the risks described in this report, or other factors. The failure to complete a material project as planned, or a significant delay in a material project, whatever the cause, could have an adverse effect on Arconic’s business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Information technology system failures, cyber attacks and security breaches may threaten the integrity of Arconic’s intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.

Arconic relies on its information technology systems to manage and operate its business, process transactions, and summarize its operating results. Arconic’s information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer, network and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, and catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism, and usage errors by employees. If Arconic’s information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the Company may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and Arconic may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in its operations. Any material disruption in the Company’s information technology systems, or delays or difficulties in implementing or integrating new systems or enhancing current systems, could have an adverse effect on Arconic’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

Arconic also faces global cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company. Cyber attacks and security breaches may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, computer viruses, denial of service and other electronic security breaches.

The Company believes that it faces a heightened threat of cyber attacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations and its technological innovations. The Company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Based on information known to date, past attacks have not had a material impact on Arconic’s financial condition or results of operations. However, due to the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted.

Arconic employs a number of measures to protect and defend against cyber attacks, including technical security controls, data encryption, firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, anti-virus software and frequent backups. Additionally, the Company conducts regular periodic training of its employees regarding the protection of sensitive information which includes training intended to prevent the success of “phishing” attacks. While the Company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber attacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use its systems or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt its operations. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact Arconic’s reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. In addition, such attacks or breaches could require significant management attention and resources, and could result in the diminution of the value of the Company’s investment in research and development.

Arconic’s enterprise risk management program and disclosure controls and procedures address cybersecurity and include elements intended to ensure that there is an analysis of potential disclosure obligations arising from cyber attacks and security breaches. Arconic also maintains compliance programs to address the potential applicability of restrictions against trading while in possession of material, nonpublic information generally and in connection with a cyber attack or security breach. 

19

Table of Contents

However, a breakdown in existing controls and procedures around the Company’s cybersecurity environment may prevent Arconic from detecting, reporting or responding to cyber incidents in a timely manner and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or the market price of its securities.

Arconic may be unable to develop innovative new products or implement technology initiatives successfully.

Arconic’s competitive position and future performance depends, in part, on the Company’s ability to:

•

identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in Arconic’s target end-markets;

•

identify and successfully execute on a strategy to remain an essential and sustainable element of its customers’ supply chains; 

•

fund, develop, manufacture and bring innovative new products and services to market quickly and cost-effectively;

•

monitor disruptive technologies and understand customers’ and competitors’ abilities to deploy those disruptive technologies; and

•

achieve sufficient return on investment for new products based on capital expenditures and research and development spending.

Arconic is working on new developments for a number of strategic projects, including advanced alloy development, engineered finishes and product design, rolling technology, and other advanced manufacturing technologies. 

While Arconic intends to continue to develop innovative new products and services, it may not be able to successfully differentiate its products or services from those of its competitors or match the level of research and development spending of its competitors, including those developing technology to displace Arconic’s current products. In addition, Arconic may not be able to adapt to evolving markets and technologies or achieve and maintain technological advantages. There can be no assurance that any of Arconic’s new products or services, development programs or technologies will be commercially adopted or beneficial to Arconic.

Arconic could be adversely affected by reductions in defense spending.

Arconic’s products are used in a variety of military applications, including military aircraft and armored vehicles. Although many of the programs in which Arconic participates extend several years, they are subject to annual funding through congressional appropriations. Changes in military strategy and priorities, or reductions in defense spending, may affect current and future funding of these programs and could reduce the demand for Arconic’s products, which could adversely affect Arconic’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

Arconic may face challenges to its intellectual property rights which could adversely affect the Company’s reputation, business and competitive position.

Arconic owns important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets. The Company’s intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining Arconic’s competitive position in a number of the markets that the Company serves. Arconic’s competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to Arconic’s proprietary technologies or design around the patents Arconic owns or licenses. Despite its controls and safeguards, Arconic’s technology may be misappropriated by its employees, its competitors or other third parties. The pursuit of remedies for any misappropriation of Arconic intellectual property is expensive and the ultimate remedies may be deemed insufficient. Further, in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of misappropriation of Arconic intellectual property increases, despite efforts the Company undertakes to protect it. Developments or assertions by or against Arconic relating to intellectual property rights, and any inability to protect or enforce Arconic’s rights sufficiently, could adversely affect Arconic’s business and competitive position.

A decline in Arconic’s financial performance or outlook or a deterioration in its credit profile

could negatively impact the Company’s access to capital markets, reduce its liquidity and increase its borrowing costs.

Arconic has significant capital requirements and depends, in part, upon the issuance of debt to fund its operations and contractual commitments and pursue strategic acquisitions. A decline in the Company’s financial performance or outlook due to internal or external factors could affect the Company’s access to, and the availability or cost of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions. There can be no assurance that Arconic will have access to the global capital market on terms the Company finds acceptable. Limitations on Arconic’s ability to access the global capital markets, a reduction in the Company’s liquidity or an increase in borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect Arconic’s ability to maintain or grow its business, which in turn may adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations.

A downgrade of Arconic’s credit ratings could limit Arconic’s ability to obtain future financing, increase its borrowing costs, increase the pricing of its credit facilities, adversely affect the market price of its securities, 

20

Table of Contents

trigger letter of credit or other collateral postings, or otherwise impair its business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Arconic’s credit ratings are important to the Company’s cost of capital. The major credit rating agencies evaluate our creditworthiness and give us specified credit ratings. These ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and financial policies as well as our strategies, operations, execution and timeliness of financial reporting. These credit ratings are limited in scope, and do not address all material risks related to investment in us, but rather reflect only the view of each rating agency at the time the rating is issued. Nonetheless, the credit ratings Arconic receives impact our borrowing costs as well as the terms upon which we will have access to capital. Failure to maintain sufficiently high credit ratings could adversely affect the interest rate in future financings, our liquidity or our competitive position, and could also restrict our access to capital markets.

On May 1, 2017, Standard and Poor’s Ratings Services (S&P) affirmed Arconic’s long-term debt at BBB-, an investment grade rating, with a stable outlook, and its short-term debt at A-3.  On February 7, 2019, S&P placed the rating on negative credit watch and, subsequently, on April 26, S&P affirmed the long-term debt rating at BBB- but changed the outlook to negative.  On January 28, 2020, S&P affirmed the long-term debt rating at BBB- but changed the outlook to stable in expectation of the Separation impact.  On November 1, 2016, Moody’s Investor Service (Moody’s) downgraded Arconic’s long-term debt rating from Ba1, a non-investment grade, to Ba2 with a stable outlook and its short-term debt rating from Speculative Grade Liquidity-1 to Speculative Grade Liquidity-2. Moody’s ratings and outlooks were affirmed on November 2, 2017, October 8, 2018, and October 9, 2019. On January 24, 2020, Moody’s affirmed the long-term debt rating at Ba2 but changed the outlook to negative.  On April 21, 2016, Fitch affirmed Arconic’s long-term debt rating at BB+, a non-investment grade, and short-term debt at B. Additionally, Fitch changed the outlook from positive to evolving. On July 7, 2016, Fitch changed the outlook from evolving to stable (ratings and outlook were affirmed on July 3, 2017). On September 27, 2018, Fitch changed the outlook from stable to positive (ratings and outlook were affirmed on October 8, 2019).

There can be no assurance that one or more of these or other rating agencies will not take negative actions with respect to Arconic’s ratings in the future. Increased debt levels, macroeconomic conditions, a deterioration in the Company’s debt protection metrics, a contraction in the Company’s liquidity, or other factors could potentially trigger such actions. A rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw entirely a rating or place it on negative outlook or watch if, in that rating agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant.

A downgrade of Arconic’s credit ratings by one or more rating agencies could: (i) result in adverse consequences, including: adversely impact the market price of Arconic’s securities; (ii) adversely affect existing financing (for example, a downgrade by S&P or Moody’s would subject Arconic to higher costs under Arconic’s Five-Year Revolving Credit Agreement and certain of its other revolving credit facilities); (iii) limit access to the capital (including commercial paper) or credit markets or otherwise adversely affect the availability of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all; (iv) result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that the Company incurs; (v) increase the cost of borrowing or fees on undrawn credit facilities; or (vi) result in vendors or counterparties seeking collateral or letters of credit from Arconic.

Limitations on Arconic’s ability to access the global capital markets, a reduction in Arconic’s liquidity or an increase in borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect Arconic’s ability to maintain or grow its business, which in turn may adversely affect its financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.

Arconic’s business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by limits in its capital expenditures.

Arconic requires substantial capital to invest in growth opportunities and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of its existing facilities. Insufficient cash generation or capital project overruns may negatively impact Arconic’s ability to fund as planned its sustaining and return-seeking capital projects. Over the long term, Arconic’s ability to take advantage of improved market conditions or growth opportunities in its businesses may be constrained by earlier capital expenditure restrictions, which could adversely affect the long-term value of its business and the Company’s position in relation to its competitors.

An adverse decline in the liability discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets and other factors could affect Arconic’s results of operations or amount of pension funding contributions in future periods.

Arconic’s results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense Arconic records for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans, reductions in the fair value of plan assets and other factors. Arconic calculates income or expense for its plans using actuarial valuations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).

These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. The most significant year-end assumptions used by Arconic to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate applied to plan liabilities and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. In addition, Arconic is required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and 

21

Table of Contents

liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to shareholders’ equity. For a discussion regarding how Arconic’s financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement benefits accounting policies, see “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates-Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits” in 
Part II, Item 7

.
 (Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Note 
F

 to the Consolidated Financial Statements-Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits in 
Part II, Item 8

. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). Although GAAP expense and pension funding contributions are impacted by different regulations and requirements, the key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or securities Arconic would contribute to the pension plans.

Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to improve the plans’ funded status. The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (“MAP-21”), enacted in 2012, provided temporary relief for employers like Arconic who sponsor defined benefit pension plans related to funding contributions under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 by allowing the use of a 25-year average discount rate within an upper and lower range for purposes of determining minimum funding obligations. In 2014, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act (HATFA) was signed into law. HATFA extended the relief provided by MAP-21 and modified the interest rates that had been set by MAP-21. In 2015, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA 2015) was signed into law. BBA 2015 extends the relief period provided by HATFA. Arconic believes that the relief provided by BBA 2015 will moderately reduce the cash flow sensitivity of the Company’s U.S. pension plans’ funded status over the next several years due to recent and potential future declines in discount rates. However, higher than expected pension contributions due to a decline in the plans’ funded status as a result of unpredictable future declines in the discount rate or lower-than-expected investment returns on plan assets could have a material negative effect on the Company’s cash flows. Adverse capital market conditions could result in reductions in the fair value of plan assets and increase the Company’s liabilities related to such plans, which could adversely affect Arconic’s liquidity and results of operations.

Unanticipated changes in Arconic’s tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect Arconic’s future profitability.

Arconic is subject to income taxes in both the United States and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Its domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. Changes in applicable domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect the Company’s tax expense and profitability. Arconic’s tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions. The assumptions include assessments of future earnings of the Company that could impact the valuation of its deferred tax assets. The Company’s future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the Company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the results of tax audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns or related litigation and continuing assessments of its tax exposures.

Corporate tax law changes continue to be analyzed in the United States and in many other jurisdictions. In particular, on December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “2017 Act”) was signed into law, significantly reforming the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. During 2018, the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) began a number of guidance projects which serve to both interpret and implement the 2017 Act. Those guidance projects, which include both Proposed and Final Treasury Regulations, continued in 2019 and may continue in 2020. Arconic continues to review the components of the 2017 Act, as well as the ongoing interpretive guidance, and evaluate its consequences. As such, the ultimate impact of the 2017 Act may differ from reported amounts due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions the Company has made to date; and actions the Company may take as a result of the 2017 Act and related guidance. These changes to the U.S. corporate tax system could have a substantial impact, positive or negative, on Arconic’s future effective tax rate, cash tax expenditures, and deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Arconic may be unable to realize the expected benefits from acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and strategic alliances.

Arconic has made, and may continue to plan and execute, acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to grow its business or streamline its portfolio. There is no assurance that anticipated benefits will be realized. Acquisitions present significant challenges and risks, including the effective integration of the business into the Company, unanticipated costs and liabilities, and the ability to realize anticipated benefits, such as growth in market share, revenue or margins, at the levels or in the timeframe expected. The Company may be unable to manage acquisitions successfully. Additionally, adverse factors may prevent Arconic from realizing the benefits of its growth projects, including unfavorable global economic conditions, currency fluctuations, or unexpected delays in target timelines.

With respect to portfolio optimization actions such as divestitures, curtailments and closures, Arconic may face barriers to exit from unprofitable businesses or operations, including high exit costs or objections from customers, suppliers, unions, local or 

22

Table of Contents

national governments, or other stakeholders. In addition, Arconic may retain unforeseen liabilities for divested entities or businesses, including, but not limited to, if a buyer fails to honor all commitments. Arconic’s business operations are capital intensive, and curtailment or closure of operations or facilities may include significant charges, including employee separation costs, asset impairment charges and other measures.

In addition, Arconic has participated in, and may continue to participate in, joint ventures, strategic alliances and other similar arrangements from time to time. Although the Company has, in connection with past and existing joint ventures, sought to protect its interests, joint ventures and strategic alliances inherently involve special risks. Whether or not Arconic holds majority interests or maintains operational control in such arrangements, its partners may:

•

have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or opposed to those of the Company;

•

exercise veto rights to block actions that Arconic believes to be in our or the joint venture’s or strategic alliance’s best interests; 

•

take action contrary to Arconic’s policies or objectives with respect to investments; or

•

as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under the joint venture, strategic alliance or other agreements, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects.

There can be no assurance that acquisitions, growth investments, divestitures, closures, joint ventures, strategic alliances or similar arrangements will be undertaken or completed in their entirety as planned or that they will be beneficial to Arconic, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, currency fluctuations, political risks, or other factors.

Arconic’s business could be adversely affected by increases in the cost of aluminum.

Arconic derives a significant portion of its revenue from aluminum-based products. The price of primary aluminum has historically been subject to significant cyclical price fluctuations and the timing of changes in the market price of aluminum is largely unpredictable. Although the Company’s pricing of products is generally intended to pass substantially all the risk of metal price fluctuations on to the Company’s customers or is otherwise hedged, there are situations where Arconic is unable to pass on the entire cost of increases to its customers and there is a potential time lag on certain products between increases in costs for aluminum and the point when the Company can implement a corresponding increase in price to its customers and/or there are other timing factors that may result in Arconic's exposure to certain price fluctuations which could have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, since metal prices fluctuate among the various exchanges, Arconic competitors may enjoy a metal price advantage from time to time.

Arconic may be adversely affected by changes in the availability or cost of other raw materials (including, but not limited to, cobalt, nickel, titanium sponge, vanadium, copper, magnesium and zinc), as well as freight costs associated with transportation of raw materials. The availability and costs of certain raw materials necessary for the production of Arconic’s products may be influenced by private or government entities including mergers and acquisitions, changes in world politics or regulatory requirements (such as human rights regulations or environmental regulations), labor relations between the producers and their work forces, unstable governments in exporting nations, export quotas, sanctions, new or increased import duties, countervailing or anti-dumping duties, market forces of supply and demand, and inflation. In addition, from time to time, commodity prices may fall rapidly. When this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve, which may cause periodic supply interruptions. Arconic may be unable to offset fully the effects of raw material shortages or higher costs through customer price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. Shortages or price fluctuations in raw materials could have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s operating results.

Arconic is dependent on a limited number of suppliers for a substantial portion of our aluminum and certain other raw materials essential to our operations. 

Arconic has supply arrangements with a limited number of suppliers for aluminum and other raw materials. We maintain annual or long-term contracts for a majority of our supply requirements, and for the remainder we depend on spot purchases. From time to time, increasing demand levels have caused regional supply constraints in the industry and further increases in demand levels could exacerbate these issues. Such constraints could impact our production or force us to purchase primary metal and other supplies from alternative sources, which may not be available in sufficient quantities or may only be available on terms that are less favorable to us. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew, or obtain replacements for, any of our long-term contracts when they expire on terms that are as favorable as our existing agreements or at all. Additionally, Arconic could have exposure if a key supplier in a particular region is unable to deliver sufficient quantities of a necessary material on a timely basis. In addition, a significant downturn in the business or financial condition of our significant suppliers exposes us to the risk of default by the supplier on our contractual agreements, and this risk is increased by weak and deteriorating economic conditions on a global, regional or industry sector level. 

23

Table of Contents

Arconic is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation, economic factors, and currency controls in the countries in which it operates.

Economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, competitive factors in the countries in which Arconic operates, and continued volatility or deterioration in the global economic and financial environment could affect Arconic’s revenues, expenses and results of operations. Changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, including the Euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan (renminbi), Japanese yen and Russian ruble, may affect Arconic’s profitability as some important inputs are purchased in other currencies, while the Company’s products are generally sold in U.S. dollars.

In addition, a portion of Arconic’s indebtedness, including certain borrowings under the Company’s Five-Year Credit Facility, bears interest at rates equal to the London Interbank Offering Rate (“LIBOR”) plus an applicable margin based on the credit ratings of Arconic’s outstanding senior unsecured long-term debt. Accordingly, the Company is subject to risk from changes in interest rates on the variable component of the rate. Further, LIBOR is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms and other pressures may cause LIBOR to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include changes in the cost of Arconic’s variable rate indebtedness.

Arconic also faces risks arising from the imposition of cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls. Cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls may limit the Company’s ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by Arconic’s foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing restrictions or controls. While Arconic currently has no need, and does not intend, to repatriate or convert cash held in countries that have significant restrictions or controls in place, should the Company need to do so to fund its operations, it may be unable to repatriate or convert such cash, or be unable to do so without incurring substantial costs. Arconic currently has substantial operations in countries that have cash repatriation restrictions or exchange controls in place, including China, and, if the Company were to need to repatriate or convert such cash, these controls and restrictions may have an adverse effect on Arconic’s operating results and financial condition.

Arconic may not realize expected benefits from its productivity and cost-reduction initiatives.

Arconic has undertaken, and may continue to undertake, productivity and cost-reduction initiatives to improve performance and conserve cash, including deployment of company-wide business process models, such as Arconic’s degrees of implementation process in which ideas are executed in a disciplined manner to generate savings, and operating cost reductions. There is no assurance that these initiatives will be successful or beneficial to Arconic or that estimated cost savings from such activities will be realized. If Arconic fails to achieve net cost savings at anticipated levels, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.

Arconic’s customers may reduce their demand for aluminum products in favor of alternative materials.

Certain applications of Arconic’s aluminum-based products compete with products made from other materials, such as steel, titanium and composites. The willingness of customers to pursue materials other than aluminum often depends upon the desire to achieve specific attributes. For example, the commercial aerospace industry has used and continues to evaluate the further use of alternative materials to aluminum, such as titanium and composites, in order to reduce the weight and increase the fuel efficiency of aircraft. Additionally, the automotive industry, while motivated to reduce vehicle weight through the use of aluminum, may revert to steel or other materials for certain applications. Further, the decision to use aluminum may be impacted by aluminum prices or compatibility of aluminum with other materials used by a customer in a given application. The willingness of customers to accept other materials in lieu of aluminum could adversely affect the demand for certain of Arconic’s products, and thus adversely affect Arconic’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

Labor disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect Arconic’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

A significant portion of Arconic’s employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. For more information, see “Employees” in 
Part I, Item 1

.
 (Business) of this report. While Arconic previously has been successful in renegotiating its collective bargaining agreements with various unions, Arconic may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate all collective bargaining agreements in the United States and other countries when they expire. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at Arconic’s facilities in the future. Arconic may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its business or collective bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages (or potential work stoppages) could have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

24

Table of Contents

A failure to attract, retain or provide adequate succession plans for key personnel could adversely affect Arconic’s operations and competitiveness.

Arconic’s existing operations and development projects require highly skilled executives and staff with relevant industry and technical experience. The inability of the Company to attract and retain such people may adversely impact Arconic’s ability to meet project demands adequately and fill roles in existing operations. Skills shortages in engineering, manufacturing, technology, construction and maintenance contractors and other labor market inadequacies may also impact activities. These shortages may adversely impact the cost and schedule of development projects and the cost and efficiency of existing operations.

In addition, the continuity of key personnel and the preservation of institutional knowledge are vital to the success of the Company’s growth and business strategy. The loss of key members of management and other personnel could significantly harm Arconic’s business, and any unplanned turnover, or failure to develop adequate succession plans for key positions, could deplete the Company’s institutional knowledge base, result in loss of technical or other expertise, delay or impede the execution of the Company’s business plans and erode Arconic’s competitiveness.

Arconic may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in U.S. federal, state or foreign law, regulation or policy.

Arconic’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or increasingly stringent laws, regulatory requirements or interpretations, or outcomes of significant legal proceedings or investigations adverse to Arconic. The Company may experience an unfavorable change in effective tax rates or become subject to unexpected or rising costs associated with business operations or provision of health or welfare benefits to employees due to changes in laws, regulations or policies. 

Arconic is also subject to a variety of legal and regulatory compliance risks in the United States and abroad in connection with its business and products. These risks include, among other things, potential claims relating to product liability, product testing, health and safety, environmental matters, employment matters, required record keeping and record retention, compliance with securities laws, intellectual property rights, government contracts and taxes, insurance or commercial matters, as well as compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including those governing import and export, anti-bribery, antitrust and competition, sales and trading practices, human rights and modern slavery, sourcing of raw materials, third-party relationships, supply chain operations and the manufacture and sale of products. Arconic may be a party to litigation in a foreign jurisdiction where geopolitical risks might influence the ultimate outcome of such litigation. Arconic could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts.

The global and diverse nature of Arconic’s operations means that these risks will continue to exist, and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise from time to time. While Arconic believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, including insurance arrangements with respect to these risks, such measures may provide inadequate protection against liabilities that may arise. In addition, various factors or developments can lead the Company to change current estimates of liabilities or make such estimates for matters previously unsusceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the Company cannot predict with certainty could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. Litigation and compliance efforts may require substantial attention from management and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have a material impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. For additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the Company, including proceedings and investigations relating to the June 13, 2017 fire at the Grenfell Tower in London, U.K., see the discussion in 
Part I, Item 3

.
 (Legal Proceedings) of this report and in Note 
T

 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
Part II, Item 8.

 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data).

Arconic is exposed to environmental and safety risks and is subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations which may result in substantial costs and liabilities.

Arconic’s operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health, safety and environmental laws and regulations. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary programs, are significant and will continue to be so for the foreseeable future. Environmental laws may impose cleanup liability on owners and occupiers of contaminated property, including present, past or divested properties, regardless of whether the owners and occupiers caused the contamination or whether the activity that caused the contamination was lawful at the time it was conducted. Environmental matters for which Arconic may be liable may arise in the future at its present sites, at sites owned or operated by its predecessors or affiliates, at sites that it may acquire in the future, or at third-party sites used by Arconic, its predecessors or affiliates for material and waste handling and disposal. Compliance with health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, including remediation obligations, may prove to be 

25

Table of Contents

more challenging and costly than the Company anticipates. Arconic’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters, including remediation costs and damages related to certain sites as well as other health and safety risks relating to its operations and products. Additionally, evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in increased litigation and/or increased costs, including increased remediation costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, the industrial activities conducted at Arconic’s facilities present a significant risk of injury or death to our employees, customers or third parties that may be on site. We have experienced serious injuries in the past, notwithstanding the safety protocols, practices and precautions we take. Our operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local agencies in the United States and regulation by foreign government entities abroad responsible for employee health and safety, including the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. From time to time, we have incurred fines for violations of various health and safety standards. While we maintain insurance and have in place policies to minimize such risks, we may nevertheless be unable to avoid material liabilities for any injury or death that may occur in the future. These types of incidents may not be covered by or may exceed our insurance coverage and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition or result in negative publicity and/or significant reputational harm.

Arconic is subject to privacy and data security/protection laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated with such laws and regulations.

The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. For example, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which became effective in May 2018, imposed significant new requirements on how companies process and transfer personal data, as well as significant fines for non-compliance. Compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes, which could have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the payment of potentially significant fines or penalties in the event of a breach of the GDPR or other privacy and information security laws, as well as the negative publicity associated with such a breach, could damage the Company’s reputation and adversely impact product demand and customer relationships.

Failure to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in penalties or costs that could have a material adverse effect on Arconic’s business results.

Arconic is subject to a variety of domestic and foreign employment laws, such as the Fair Labor Standards Act (which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions), state and local wage laws, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and regulations related to safety, discrimination, organizing, whistle-blowing, classification of employees, privacy and severance payments, citizenship requirements, and healthcare insurance mandates. Allegations that Arconic has violated such laws or regulations could damage the Company’s reputation and lead to fines from or settlements with federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities or damages payable to employees, which could have a material adverse impact on Arconic’s operations and financial condition.

Arconic may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory, or market responses to such change.

Increased concern over climate change has led to new and proposed legislative and regulatory initiatives, such as cap-and-trade systems, additional limits on emissions of greenhouse gases or Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards in the United States. New or revised laws and regulations in this area could directly and indirectly affect Arconic and its customers and suppliers, including by increasing the costs of production or impacting demand for certain products, which could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by the Company or its customers or suppliers. Also, Arconic relies on natural gas, electricity, fuel oil and transport fuel to operate its facilities. Any increased costs of these energy sources because of new laws could be passed along to the Company and its customers and suppliers, which could also have a negative impact on Arconic’s profitability.

Changes in the United Kingdom’s economic and other relationships with the European Union could adversely affect Arconic.

In March 2017, the United Kingdom formally triggered the process to withdraw from the European Union (also referred to as "Brexit") following the results of a national referendum that took place in June 2016. The United Kingdom formally left the European Union on January 31, 2020. A transition period through December 31, 2020 has been established to allow the United Kingdom and the European Union to negotiate the terms of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal. However, there is continued uncertainty surrounding the future relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union, including trade agreements between the United Kingdom and the European Union.

The ultimate effects of Brexit on Arconic are difficult to predict, but because the Company currently operates and conducts business in the United Kingdom and in Europe, Brexit could cause disruptions and create uncertainty to Arconic’s businesses, 

26

Table of Contents

including affecting the business of and/or our relationships with Arconic’s customers and suppliers, as well as altering the relationship among tariffs and currencies, including the value of the British pound and the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar. Such disruptions and uncertainties could adversely affect Arconic’s financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In addition, Brexit could result in legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as new legal relationships between the United Kingdom and the European Union are established. The ultimate effects of Brexit on Arconic will also depend on the terms of any agreements the United Kingdom and the European Union make to retain access to each other’s respective markets either during the transition period or more permanently.

Dividends on Arconic common stock could be reduced or eliminated in the event of material future deterioration in business conditions or in other circumstances.

Arconic has historically paid dividends on its common stock; however, it has no obligation to do so. The existence, timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to Arconic’s stockholders falls within the discretion of Arconic’s Board of Directors, and the Company’s dividend policy may change at any time without advance notice to Arconic’s stockholders. For example, on February 8, 2019, in connection with the Company’s ongoing strategic and portfolio review, Arconic announced that it expected to reduce its quarterly common stock dividend from $0.06 to $0.02 per share. The Arconic Board of Directors’ decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as Arconic’s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, covenants associated with certain of the Company’s debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that Arconic’s Board of Directors deems relevant. Arconic’s Board of Directors may determine to further reduce or eliminate Arconic’s common stock dividend in the event of material future deteriorations in business conditions or in other circumstances.

Anti-takeover provisions could prevent or delay a change in control of Arconic, including a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of Arconic’s shareholders.

Arconic’s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with Arconic’s Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. For example, Arconic is subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which imposes certain restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between the Company and any holder of 15% or more of the Company’s outstanding common stock, which could make it more difficult for another party to acquire Arconic. Additionally, the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes Arconic’s Board of Directors to issue preferred stock or adopt other anti-takeover measures without shareholder approval. These provisions may apply even if an offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that Arconic’s Board of Directors determines is not in the best interests of Arconic’s shareholders. These provisions may also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of Arconic common stock or prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.

Risks Related to the Separation of Alcoa

The Separation of Alcoa could result in substantial tax liability.

It was a condition to the Distribution of Alcoa that (i) the private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) regarding certain U.S. federal income tax matters relating to the Separation of Alcoa and the Distribution of Alcoa received by Arconic remain valid and be satisfactory to Arconic’s Board of Directors and (ii) Arconic receive an opinion of its outside counsel, satisfactory to the Board of Directors, regarding the qualification of the Distribution of Alcoa, together with certain related transactions, as a transaction that is generally tax-free, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). Both of these conditions were satisfied prior to the Distribution of Alcoa. However, the IRS private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel were based upon and relied on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of Arconic and Alcoa Corporation, including those relating to the past and future conduct of Arconic and Alcoa Corporation. If any of these representations, statements or undertakings is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if Arconic or Alcoa Corporation breaches any of its representations or covenants contained in any of the Separation of Alcoa-related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the IRS private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel, the IRS private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized.

Notwithstanding Arconic’s receipt of the IRS private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel, the IRS could determine that the Distribution of Alcoa and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the IRS private letter ruling or the opinion of counsel was based are false or have been violated. In addition, the IRS private letter ruling does not address all of the issues that are relevant to determining whether the Distribution of Alcoa, together with certain related transactions, qualifies as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the opinion of counsel represents the judgment of such counsel and is not binding on the IRS or any court and the IRS or a court may disagree with the 

27

Table of Contents

conclusions in the opinion of counsel. Accordingly, notwithstanding receipt by Arconic of the IRS private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert that the Distribution of Alcoa and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. In the event the IRS were to prevail with such challenge, Arconic, Alcoa Corporation and Arconic shareholders could be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liability.

If the Distribution of Alcoa, together with certain related transactions, fails to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, in general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Arconic would recognize taxable gain as if it had sold the Alcoa Corporation common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value and Arconic shareholders who received Alcoa Corporation shares in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares.

Under current U.S. federal income tax law, even if the Distribution of Alcoa, together with certain related transactions, otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, the Distribution of Alcoa may nevertheless be rendered taxable to Arconic and its shareholders as a result of certain post-Distribution of Alcoa transactions, including certain acquisitions of shares or assets of Arconic or Alcoa Corporation. The possibility of rendering the Distribution of Alcoa taxable as a result of such transactions may limit Arconic’s ability to pursue certain equity issuances, strategic transactions or other transactions that would otherwise maximize the value of Arconic’s business. Under the Tax Matters Agreement that Arconic entered into with Alcoa Corporation, Alcoa Corporation may be required to indemnify Arconic against any additional taxes and related amounts resulting from (i) an acquisition of all or a portion of the equity securities or assets of Alcoa Corporation, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether Alcoa Corporation participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (ii) issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds, (iii) repurchasing shares of Alcoa Corporation stock other than in certain open-market transactions, (iv) ceasing actively to conduct certain of its businesses, (v) other actions or failures to act by Alcoa Corporation or (vi) any of Alcoa Corporation’s representations, covenants or undertakings contained in any of the Separation of Alcoa-related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the IRS private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel being incorrect or violated. However, the indemnity from Alcoa Corporation may be insufficient to protect Arconic against the full amount of such additional taxes or related liabilities, and Alcoa Corporation may be unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations fully. Moreover, even if Arconic ultimately succeeds in recovering from Alcoa Corporation any amounts for which Arconic is held liable, Arconic may be temporarily required to bear such losses. In addition, Arconic and Arconic’s subsidiaries may incur certain tax costs in connection with the Separation of Alcoa, including tax costs resulting from separations in non-U.S. jurisdictions, which may be material. Each of these risks could negatively affect Arconic’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

Risks Related to the Separation of Arconic

The Separation of Arconic involves significant time and expense, which could disrupt or adversely affect Arconic’s business, may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits, is subject to various risks and uncertainties and may not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timelines, or at all.

On February 8, 2019, Arconic announced plans to separate into two 
independent, publicly-traded companies, composed of the Engineered 
Products 
and Forgings businesses, on the one hand, and the Global Rolled Products businesses, on the other hand
. The Separation of Arconic will be subject to the satisfaction of a number of customary conditions, including, among others, receipt of a tax opinion from external counsel.

Arconic expects that the process of completing the Separation of Arconic will be time-consuming and involve significant costs and expenses, which may be significantly higher than what it currently anticipates and may not yield a benefit if the Separation of Arconic is not completed. Executing the Separation of Arconic will also require significant time and attention from Arconic’s senior management and employees, which could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business and adversely affect financial results and results of operations. Arconic may also experience increased difficulties in attracting, retaining and motivating employees or maintaining or initiating relationships with lead suppliers, customers and other parties with which Arconic currently does business, or may do business in the future, during the pendency of the Separation of Arconic and following its completion, which could have a material and adverse effect on Arconic’s businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, or the businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the independent companies resulting from the Separation of Arconic. And, although we intend for the separation transactions to be tax-free to the Company’s shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, there can be no assurance that Separation of Arconic will so qualify. If the Separation of Arconic were ultimately determined to be taxable, we, the Company’s shareholders and/or the new independent company would incur income tax liabilities that could be significant.

Arconic may not realize some or all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits from the Separation of Arconic. For example, as independent companies, the Engineered Products & Forgings and Global Rolled Products businesses will be smaller, less diversified companies with a narrower business focus and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions, such as changes in industry conditions, which could result in increased volatility in their cash flows, working capital 

28

Table of Contents

and financing requirements and could materially and adversely affect the respective business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, following the Separation of Arconic, there can be no assurance that either company will be able to obtain an investment grade rating from nationally recognized credit rating agencies, which could, among other things, increase the non-investment grade rated company’s cost of capital. Further, there can be no assurance that the combined value of the common stock of the two companies will be equal to or greater than what the value of Arconic’s common stock would have been had the proposed Separation of Arconic not occurred. 

Additionally, the separation is subject to market, regulatory and certain other conditions. Unanticipated developments, including, among others, failure of the Separation of Arconic to qualify for the expected tax treatment, the possibility that any third-party consents required in connection with the Separation of Arconic will not be received, material adverse changes in business or industry conditions and changes in global economic and financial market conditions generally, could delay or prevent the completion of the Separation of Arconic, or cause the Separation of Arconic to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than expected.