Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

        This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. The use of words such as "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "projects," "intends," "plans" and "believes," among others, generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements include, among others, statements relating to: IAC's anticipated financial performance, IAC's business prospects and strategy, including the Proposed Spin-Offs, anticipated
trends and prospects in the various industries in which IAC businesses operate, new products, services and related strategies and other similar matters. These forward looking statements are based on
management's current expectations and assumptions about future events, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. 

        Actual
results could differ materially from those contained in the forward looking statements included in this report for a variety of reasons, including, among others, the risk factors
set forth below. Other unknown or unpredictable factors that could also adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations may arise from time to time. In light of these
risks and uncertainties, the forward looking statements discussed in this report may not prove to be accurate. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward looking statements,
which only reflect the views of IAC management as of the date of this report. IAC does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements. 

17

 

        IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to certain risks that are described below. The risks and uncertainties described below
are not the only ones facing IAC and its businesses. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known or that are currently deemed immaterial may also impair IAC's business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Management—IAC depends on its key personnel. 

        The future success of IAC will depend upon its continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled individuals, with the continued
contributions of its senior management,
particularly Barry Diller, the Chairman and CEO of IAC, being especially critical to IAC's success. If Mr. Diller no longer serves in, or serves in some lesser capacity than, his current role,
IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the market price of IAC's securities, could be adversely affected. Competition for well qualified employees across IAC's
various businesses is intense, and IAC's continued ability to compete effectively depends, in part, upon its ability to attract new employees. While IAC has established programs to attract new
employees and provide incentives for and retain existing employees, particularly its senior management, IAC cannot assure you that it will be able to attract new employees or retain the services of
Mr. Diller, other members of senior management or any other key employees in the future. Mr. Diller does not have an employment agreement with IAC, though he owns approximately
8.6 million shares of IAC common stock, and holds unvested options to purchase 3.8 million shares of IAC common stock, all of which vest in June 2010 and expire in June 2015. 

Control of IAC—Mr. Diller currently controls IAC. If Mr. Diller ceases to control IAC, Liberty Media Corporation may
effectively control IAC. 

        Subject to the terms of an amended and restated stockholders agreement between Mr. Diller and Liberty, Mr. Diller has an irrevocable proxy to vote
shares of IAC common stock and IAC Class B common stock held by Liberty. Accordingly, Mr. Diller effectively controls the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote or for the consent of
IAC's stockholders (other than with respect to the election by the holders of IAC's common stock of 25% of the members of IAC's Board of Directors and matters as to which Delaware law requires a
separate class vote). Upon Mr. Diller's permanent departure from IAC, the irrevocable proxy terminates and, depending upon the capitalization of IAC at such time, Liberty may effectively
control the voting power of the capital stock of IAC through its ownership of IAC common stock and IAC Class B common stock. For additional information regarding Mr. Diller's and
Liberty's ownership interests in, and voting power with respect to, IAC common stock and IAC Class B common stock, see "Item 1—Business—Equity Ownership and
Voting Control." 

        In
addition, under an amended and restated governance agreement among IAC, Liberty and Mr. Diller, each of Mr. Diller and Liberty generally has the right to consent to
limited matters in the event that IAC's ratio of total debt to EBITDA (as defined in the governance agreement) equals or exceeds 4:1 over a continuous 12-month period. While neither of
Mr. Diller nor Liberty may currently exercise this right, no assurances can be given that this right will not be triggered in the future, and if so, that Mr. Diller and Liberty will
consent to any of the limited matters at such time, in which case IAC would not be able to engage in transactions or take actions covered by this consent right. 

        As
a result of Mr. Diller's ownership interests and voting power, and Liberty's ownership interests and voting power upon Mr. Diller's permanent departure from IAC,
Mr. Diller is currently, and in the future Liberty may be, in a position to control or influence significant corporate actions, including without limitation, corporate transactions such as
mergers, business combinations or dispositions of assets and determinations with respect to IAC's significant business direction and policies. This concentrated control could discourage others from
initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to IAC, which could adversely affect the market price of IAC securities. Liberty
recently commenced litigation challenging the continuing 

18

validity
of Mr. Diller's proxy, among other matters. See "Item 3—Legal Proceedings—Recent Litigation between IAC and Liberty Media." 

Third Party Relationships—IAC businesses depend on their relationships with third party distribution channels, suppliers and advertisers and
any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        An
important component of the success of IAC's various businesses depends on their ability to maintain their existing, as well as build new, relationships with third party distribution
channels, suppliers and advertisers, among other parties. Any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Retailing 

        Retailing is dependent upon the pay television operators with whom HSN enters into distribution and affiliation agreements to carry the HSN television network.
See "Item 1—Business—Description of IAC Businesses—Retailing—Pay Television Distribution." Distribution and affiliation agreements with major pay
television operators expire from time to time and in many cases, renewals are not agreed upon prior to the expiration of a given agreement and the HSN television network continues to be carried by the
relevant pay television operator without an effective affiliation agreement in place under short-term extensions pending renewal. Renewal and negotiation processes with major pay television operators
are typically lengthy and HSN is currently engaged in the renewal and/or negotiation processes with certain major cable pay television operators regarding agreements that expired in 2005 and 2006,
with carriage of the HSN television network continuing under short-term extensions pending the conclusion of these processes. No assurances can be given that HSN will be able to
successfully pursue the renewal of, or negotiate new, distribution and
affiliation agreements with these or other pay television providers to carry the HSN television network on acceptable terms, if at all. 

        The
cessation of carriage of the HSN television network by a major pay television operator or a significant number of smaller pay television operators for a prolonged period of time
could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. While IAC believes that it will be able to continue to successfully manage the distribution process in the future,
certain changes in distribution levels, as well as increases in commission rates and/or other fees payable by HSN for carriage, could occur. 

 Transactions 

        Ticketmaster.

    Ticketmaster is dependent upon its clients for ticketing supply. Securing tickets depends, in part, on the
ability of Ticketmaster to enter into, maintain and renew client contracts on favorable terms. No assurances can be given that Ticketmaster will continue to be able to maintain these client contracts,
or enter into or maintain other client contracts, on acceptable terms, if at all, and its failure to do so could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Ticketmaster's most significant contract, which is with Live Nation, Inc., expires on December 31, 2008 and it is not currently expected that this contract will be renewed. The ultimate
impact of the loss of this contract on the business, financial condition and results of operations of Ticketmaster will depend upon many future factors including, for example, growth opportunities in
other areas and geographies of Ticketmaster's business, the costs and benefits of anticipated investment in new growth initiatives in the evolving live event industry and, to the extent any loss of
volume is not replaced, the ability to reduce fixed costs. In addition, Live Nation has publicly announced that it will launch its own ticketing business after its relationship with Ticketmaster ends,
which could adversely impact Ticketmaster. See "Item 1—Business—Description of IAC Businesses—Transactions—Ticketmaster—Competition." 

        In
addition, some facilities, promoters and other potential clients elect to distribute some of their tickets through client direct or other new channels. The increased and continued use
of client direct 

19

and/or
new distribution channels by clients could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of Ticketmaster. See
"Item 1—Business—Description of IAC Businesses—Transactions—Ticketmaster." 

        LendingTree.

    The ability of IAC's LendingTree business to provide lending and related services depends, in significant part,
on the quality and pricing of services provided by, and/or the continued financial stability of, lenders participating on the exchange, credit providers and secondary market investors. Lenders could,
for any reason, cease participating on the exchanges operated by (or otherwise chose not to enter into relationships with) the LendingTree business, fail to pay transmission and/or close fees when due
and/or cease providing quality services on competitive terms. In addition, credit providers and/or secondary market investors could, for any reason, choose not to make credit available to (or
otherwise enter into relationships with) LendingTree Loans and, in the case of secondary market investors only, cease purchasing loans from LendingTree Loans. The occurrence of one of more of these
events by a significant number of participating lenders, credit providers and/or secondary market investors could, alone or in combination, adversely affect the business, financial condition and
results of operations of the LendingTree business. See "Item 1—Business—Description of IAC Businesses—Transactions—LendingTree." 

        In
addition, under certain circumstances, LendingTree could be required to repurchase loans from secondary market investors, as well as repay all or a portion of premiums paid to these
investors in connection with the initial sale of loans or indemnify these investors. While the Company believes that the liability currently recorded by the LendingTree business for the estimated
obligation related to this exposure is adequate, no assurances can be given that the amount of actual losses ultimately incurred will not exceed amounts currently recorded. See
"Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates." 

 Media & Advertising 

        A material portion of the revenues of the Media & Advertising sector is derived from advertising. Generally, IAC Search & Media businesses do not
enter into contracts with advertisers, and when they do, advertisers can generally terminate the relationship at any time. In the case of IAC Search & Media, the substantial majority of its
advertising revenues are attributable to a paid listing supply agreement with Google, which was recently renewed and now expires on December 31, 2012. Pursuant to this agreement, paid listings
appear on search results generated on Ask's proprietary websites and, to a limited extent, the websites of certain IAC Search & Media distribution partners in response to keywords selected by
advertisers with which Google has entered into contracts. While Google has limited termination rights, if it were to terminate the paid listing supply agreement, the business, financial condition and
results of operations of the Media & Advertising sector would be adversely affected. The failure of IAC Search & Media or any of the other businesses within the Media &
Advertising sector to retain existing, or attract new, advertisers and/or distribution partners, as well as generate traffic to their respective websites, could adversely affect the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Media & Advertising sector. See "Item 1—Business—Description of IAC Businesses—Media &
Advertising." 

 Memberships & Subscriptions 

        Interval.

    Interval's timeshare exchange business is dependent upon timeshare developers for new members and its vacation
rentals business is dependent upon the ability to maintain rental agreements at favorable rates with timeshare developers and property management and rental services agreements with vacation property
owners. The failure of Interval's timeshare exchange business to maintain existing or negotiate new arrangements with timeshare developers, as well as the continued creation and operation by timeshare
developers of their own internal reservation and exchange systems, could result in decreases in Interval's timeshare exchange membership base, timeshare supply and/or related transactions, which could
adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20

Similarly,
the failure of Interval's vacation rental business to maintain existing or negotiate new property management and/or rental services arrangements would result in a decrease in related
revenues, which could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Item 1—Business—Description of IAC
Businesses—Membership & Subscriptions—Interval." 

Adverse Events and Trends—Adverse events or trends in the various industries in which IAC businesses operate could harm IAC's business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

        IAC
businesses in general are sensitive to trends or events that are outside of IAC's control. General economic downturns, decreases in consumer spending (particularly discretionary
spending) and borrowing, constrained liquidity, natural or other disasters and unfavorable events or trends specific to the various industries in which IAC businesses operate that have more of a
direct impact on these businesses, among other events and trends, could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Retailing 

        Retailing is sensitive to global economic and business conditions, particularly to decreases in discretionary spending. In addition, Retailing is dependent upon
the continued ability to transmit the HSN television network to broadcast and pay television operators from HSN's satellite uplink facilities. See
"Item 1—Business—Description of IAC Businesses—Retailing—Reach." While HSN has designed business continuity and disaster recovery plans to ensure
its continued satellite transmission capability on a temporary basis in the event of inclement weather or a natural or other disaster, the prolonged or permanent interruption of its satellite
transmission capability for any reason and/or related costs incurred could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, Retailing is also dependent upon
the continued ability to secure channel capacity and placement for the HSN television network, which is impacted by changing laws, rules and regulations regarding cable television ownership. See
"—Changing Laws, Rules and Regulations." 

        Retailing
is also dependent, in part, upon the ability of its various businesses to predict or respond to changes in consumer preferences and fashion and other trends in a timely manner.
Accordingly, these businesses are continuously developing new retail concepts and adjusting product mix in an effort to satisfy customer demand. The failure of the businesses within Retailing to
identify and respond to emerging trends that impact their respective businesses could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        The
Catalogs business is sensitive to increases in postal rates and paper and printing costs, which increase the costs associated with catalog and promotional mailings and which could
adversely impact Retailing's results. Future additional increases in postal rates or in paper or printing costs could reduce the profitability of the Catalogs business to the extent that increases
cannot be offset by raising selling prices or by implementing mailings that result in increased sales or revenues. 

 Transactions 

        Ticketmaster.

    Ticketmaster is sensitive to fluctuations in the number and pricing of entertainment, sporting and leisure
events and activities offered by promoters and facilities, as well as general economic and business conditions generally and in these industries. Entertainment-related expenditures are sensitive to
decreases in business and discretionary spending levels, which tend to decline during general economic downturns. Accordingly, adverse trends in the entertainment, sporting and leisure events
industries or general economic or business conditions could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of Ticketmaster. 

        LendingTree.

    The results of the LendingTree business are impacted by general credit, mortgage and real estate market
conditions, fluctuations in interest rates, the availability of (and consumer demand for) credit, secondary market demand for mortgage products generally (as well as for specific 

21

types
of mortgage products) and the effectiveness of hedging activities, as well as the reactions of consumers, lenders and others to these and other trends in the lending and real estate industries.
Generally, adverse trends in the general credit market, such as constrained liquidity and increases in interest rates, adversely affect the ability of the LendingTree business to close loans, while
adverse economic and other trends limit LendingTree's ability to offer home loan products other than low margin conforming loans. See "Item 1—Business—Description of IAC
Businesses—Transactions—LendingTree—Overview," "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" and "Item 7A—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Interest Rate Risk." 

        ServiceMagic.

    ServiceMagic's results may be impacted by general economic and business conditions, particularly in instances
where these conditions have an adverse impact on housing and consumer spending. Decreases in home values and discretionary spending result in fewer requests for non-essential home repair
and improvement requests, which could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of ServiceMagic. 

 Media & Advertising 

        A material portion of the revenues of the Media & Advertising sector is derived from advertising. Accordingly, these businesses are particularly sensitive
to general economic downturns and decreases in consumer spending, among other events and trends, which generally result in decreased advertising expenditures, as well as the continued growth and/or
acceptance of online advertising as an effective alternative to offline advertising media. In addition, the number of advertisements and paid search results that Media & Advertising businesses
deliver depends on the acceptance of new, and the continued and increased acceptance of its existing, advertising models, which could be adversely affected by the introduction of new advertising
models by its competitors. Lastly, technologies have been developed, and are likely to continue to be developed, that can block the display of advertisements and paid search results. This technology
could reduce the number of advertisements and paid search results that the Media & Advertising businesses can deliver, which could adversely affect the results of Media & Advertising.
See "Item 1—Business—Description of IAC Businesses—Media & Advertising." 

 Membership & Subscriptions 

        Interval.

    Interval's timeshare exchange and vacation rental businesses depend, in significant part, upon the health of the
worldwide timeshare, vacation rental and travel industries. Travel expenditures are sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels and tend to decline during general economic
downturns. Also, inclement weather and/or natural disasters may result in the inability to travel to and vacation in certain regions in which participating resorts operate and/or vacation properties
are located, as well as significant damage to participating resorts and/or vacation properties, which would result in a decrease in timeshare accommodations, vacations rentals and related travel. In
addition, Interval's timeshare exchange and vacation rental businesses are sensitive to travel health concerns, as well as safety concerns related to terrorism and/or geopolitical conflicts.
Accordingly, downturns or weaknesses in the travel industry, as well as inclement weather, natural disasters, health concerns, terrorism and/or geopolitical conflicts could adversely affect IAC's
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, adverse trends in the general credit markets, constrained liquidity and decreases in discretionary spending could adversely impact
the timeshare industry, as well as timeshare developers and purchasers, which could adversely impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of Interval. 

22

Marketing—The failure of IAC businesses to attract and retain customers in a cost-effective manner could adversely affect IAC's
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        The
long-term success of IAC depends on the continued ability of its businesses to attract new visitors to their respective websites and other distribution channels, convert
these visitors into paying customers and capture repeat business from existing customers. All of these initiatives involve the expenditure of considerable money and resources for online and offline
advertising and marketing, infrastructure and other related efforts, including, in the case of some IAC businesses, affiliate programs, which are more cost-effective than traditional
advertising and marketing. IAC businesses have spent and expect to continue to spend increasing amounts of money on, and devote greater resources to, these initiatives, which may not be successful or
cost-effective. In the case of IAC businesses with affiliate programs, if the number of customers being driven to their websites through affiliates programs were to decrease significantly,
sales and marketing costs would increase. In addition, we believe that rates for desirable offline and online advertising and marketing are likely to increase in the foreseeable future. The failure of
IAC businesses to attract and acquire new, and retain existing, customers in a cost-effective manner could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        One
of the most cost-effective efforts employed by IAC to attract and acquire new, and retain existing, customers is a form of search engine marketing commonly referred to as
search engine optimization, or SEO. SEO involves developing websites to rank well in search engine results. The failure of IAC to successfully manage SEO efforts across its businesses, including the
timely modification of SEO efforts from time to time in response to periodic changes in search engine algorithms and search query trends, could result in a substantial decrease of free traffic to the
websites of IAC's various businesses, which would be costly to replace or if not replaced, would result in substantial decreases in traffic, conversion rates and repeat business, any or all of which
would adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changing Customer Requirements and Industry Standards—IAC businesses may not be able to adapt quickly enough to changing customer
requirements and industry standards. 

        The
e-commerce industry is characterized by evolving industry standards, frequent new service and product introductions and enhancements, and changing customer demands. IAC
businesses may not be able to adapt quickly enough and/or in a cost-effective manner to changes in industry standards and customer requirements and preferences, and their failure to do so
could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of IAC. In addition, the continued widespread adoption of new internet or telecommunications technologies and devices
or other technological changes could require IAC businesses to modify or adapt their respective services or infrastructures. 

        For
example, the number of individuals who access the internet through devices other than a personal computer, such as personal digital assistants and mobile telephones, has increased
dramatically. The lower resolution, functionality and memory associated with these devices could make the use of services provided by IAC businesses through these devices difficult, and alternative
services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users. IAC businesses have limited experience to date in operating versions of their respective services developed or optimized for users
of alternative devices and it is difficult to predict the problems that they may encounter in doing so. The modification or adaptation of the services or infrastructures of IAC businesses in response
to these developments, as well as to the adoption of other new technologies or technological changes, could require substantial expenditures. The failure of IAC businesses to modify or adapt their
respective services or infrastructures in response to these trends could result in the loss of market share and/or render their existing websites, services and proprietary technologies obsolete, which
could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

23

Internet Usage and Online Migration—IAC's future success depends upon the continued and widespread use and acceptance of the internet as a
medium for commerce. 

        IAC's
future success depends on the continued and widespread use and acceptance of the internet as a medium for commerce. While the practice of transacting business online in some of the
industries in which IAC businesses operate, such as the retailing industry, is established and continuing to grow, use and acceptance of this practice in some other industries in which IAC businesses
operate, such as the lending and real estate industries, are in early stages of development. A number of factors may inhibit internet use and acceptance by consumers, including general privacy and
security concerns regarding their personally identifiable information and activities that diminish their user experience (such as spyware, viruses and spam, among other activities), as well as the
acceptance of a new way of conducting business and exchanging information, particularly in the case of IAC's LendingTree and Real Estate businesses, where consumers, more so than in other industries
in which IAC businesses operate, continue to seek lending and real estate services through traditional offline methods. In addition, IAC businesses with international operations in certain
jurisdictions could be adversely affected if the adoption of the internet as a medium for commerce does not continue to grow, or grows at significantly lower rates than expected, in certain
jurisdictions or the internet infrastructure in these jurisdictions does not expand quickly enough to meet increased levels of demand. If consumer use and acceptance and growth of online markets does
not continue to increase, IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Acquisitions—IAC may experience operational and financial risks in connection with acquisitions. In addition, some of the businesses
acquired by IAC may incur significant losses from operations or experience impairment of carrying value. 

        IAC
has made numerous acquisitions in the past and its future growth may depend, in part, on acquisitions. IAC may experience operational and financial risks in connection with
acquisitions. To the extent that IAC grows through acquisitions, it will need to: 

•

successfully
integrate the operations, as well as the accounting, financial controls, management information, technology, human resources and other administrative systems,
of acquired businesses with IAC's existing operations and systems;

•

retain
senior management and other key personnel at acquired businesses; and

•

successfully
manage acquisition-related strain on the management, operations and financial resources of IAC and/or acquired businesses. 

        IAC
may not be successful in addressing these challenges or any other problems encountered in connection with historical and future acquisitions. In addition, the anticipated benefits of
one or more acquisitions may not be realized and future acquisitions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and the assumption of contingent liabilities. Also, the value
of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired could be impacted by one or more continuing unfavorable events and/or trends, which could result in significant impairment charges. The occurrence of
any these events could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

International Presence and Expansion—Some IAC businesses operate in international markets in which they have limited experience and are
faced with additional risks. IAC businesses may not be able to successfully expand into new, or further into existing, international markets. 

        Some
IAC businesses operate in various jurisdictions abroad and may continue to expand their international presence. Some of these businesses have limited experience, and are faced with
additional risks, in the international markets in which they operate. In order to achieve widespread acceptance in 

24

the
countries and markets in which they have a presence, these businesses must continue to successfully tailor their services to the unique customs and cultures of such countries and markets. Learning
the customs and cultures of various countries can be difficult and costly and the failure of these businesses to do so could slow their international growth. 

        These
businesses face, and expect to continue to face, additional risks in the case of their existing and future international operations. These risks include changes in regulatory
requirements and limits on its ability to enforce intellectual property rights, exchange rate fluctuations, potential delays in the development of the internet as an advertising and commerce medium in
international markets and difficulties in managing operations due to distance, language and cultural differences, including issues associated with establishing management systems and infrastructures,
and staffing and managing foreign operations. In addition, for IAC businesses that wish to continue to expand their international presence into new, or further into existing, international markets,
their ability to do so will depend, in part, on their ability to identify potential acquisition candidates, joint venture or other partners, and enter into arrangements with these parties on favorable
terms. In the case of expansion outside of acquisitions and commercial arrangements with third parties, IAC businesses could face significant barriers to entry in new, and expansion into existing,
markets due to, among other concerns, regulatory and legal requirements and competition. 

Compliance—The failure of IAC businesses to comply with existing laws, rules and regulations, or to obtain required licenses and rights,
could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        The
failure of IAC businesses to comply with existing laws, rules and regulations, or to obtain required licenses or rights, could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition
and results of operations. IAC businesses market and provide a broad range of goods and services through a number of different online and offline channels. As a result, IAC businesses are subject to a
wide variety of statutes, rules, regulations, policies and procedures in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and abroad, which are subject to change at any time. IAC businesses with an online component
must comply with laws and regulations applicable to the internet and businesses engaged in online commerce, including those regulating the sending of unsolicited, commercial electronic mail. See also
"—Privacy." 

        For
example, IAC businesses conduct marketing activities via the telephone and/or through online marketing channels, which activities are governed by numerous federal and state
regulations, such as the Telemarketing Sales Rule, state telemarketing laws and the CAN-SPAM Act, among others. While IAC believes that the practices of its various businesses have been
structured in a manner to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurances that federal or state regulatory authorities would not take a contrary position. The failure of
IAC and/or any of its businesses to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines and/or proceedings against IAC and/or its businesses by governmental agencies and/or consumers, which
could adversely affect IAC's business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

        Many
IAC businesses require licenses from various federal, state and /or local regulatory authorities in order to conduct their respective businesses and operations. For example, HSN
must have a broadcast license from the Federal Communications Commission in order to broadcast its programming. In the case of IAC's LendingTree and Real Estate businesses, most states require
licenses to solicit, broker or make loans secured by residential mortgages and other consumer loans as well as to operate real estate referral and brokerage services, and in many cases require the
licensure and/or registration of individual employees engaged in aspects of these businesses. No assurances can be given that any of the licenses or rights currently held by IAC businesses or their
employees will not be revoked prior to, or will be renewed upon, their expiration. In addition, no assurances can be given 

25

that
IAC businesses or their employees will be granted new licenses or rights for which they may be required to apply from time to time in the future. 

        Many
IAC businesses are also subject to various state, federal and/or local laws, rules and regulations that regulate the amount and nature of fees that may be charged for their products
and services and
incentives, such as rebates, that may be offered to consumers, as well as the manner in which they may offer, advertise or promote their products or services. For example, in the case of IAC's
LendingTree and Real Estate businesses, federal law, such as the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, or RESPA, generally prohibits the payment or receipt of referral fees and fee shares or splits
in connection with residential mortgage loan transactions, subject to certain exceptions. The applicability of referral fee and fee sharing prohibitions to lenders, including online exchanges, and
real estate services and related initiatives, may have the effect of reducing the types and amounts of fees that may be charged or paid in connection with real estate-secured loan products, including
mortgage brokerage, lending and real estate brokerage services. In addition, federal, state and in some instances, local, laws regulate residential lending and real estate brokerage activities. These
laws generally regulate the manner in which lending, lending-related and real estate brokerage services are made available, including advertising and other consumer disclosures, payments for services
and record keeping requirements, and include the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act. Although IAC believes that its
mortgage, lending and real estate referral operations have been structured in such a way so as to generally comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, there can be no assurances that the
relevant regulatory agency will not take a contrary position. 

        Federal,
state and in some instances, local, laws also prohibit predatory lending practices, unfair and deceptive trade practices and require companies to adopt appropriate policies and
practices to protect consumer privacy. The failure of IAC's LendingTree and Real Estate businesses to comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements may result in, among other things,
revocation of required licenses or registrations, loss of approval status, termination of contracts without compensation, administrative enforcement actions and fines, class action lawsuits, cease and
desist orders and civil and criminal liability, any of which could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of these businesses. 

Changing Laws, Rules and Regulations—Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties could adversely affect IAC's business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

        Unfavorable
changes in existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations applicable to IAC and its businesses, including those relating to the internet, online commerce,
the regulation of adware and other downloadable applications, cable, broadcast, broadband and telephony services, consumer protection, including requirements for criminal background checks for
subscribers to online dating services, child protection, including restrictions on the type of materials that can be distributed and requested from minors, privacy and sales, use, value-added and
other taxes, could decrease demand for products and services, increase costs and/or subject IAC to additional liabilities, which could adversely affect its business. There is, and will likely continue
to be, an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the internet, online commerce and cable, broadcast, broadband and telephony services, which may relate to carriage and distribution of
online content over broadband networks, liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet, user privacy, taxation and the quality of products and services. 

        The
advent of digital cable has resulted in increased channel capacity, which has encouraged, and could continue to encourage, competitors to enter the marketplace. This development,
coupled with changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, could adversely affect the ability of HSN to secure channel capacity and placement for the HSN television network. For
example, the Federal 

26

Communications
Commission adopted modified cable television ownership rules and limits that could result in individual cable operators acquiring control over larger segments of U.S. cable customers
and channels, in which case, HSN could be required to negotiate with fewer cable operators that would control larger portions of the market for the terms of and opportunity to secure channel capacity
and placement. Additionally, the Federal Communications Commission and Congress have discussed the possibility of adopting rules that would proscribe the manner in which pay television services must
be offered to subscribers, such as on an "a la carte" or package basis only. If adopted, such rules could result in a decrease in the number of pay television subscribers that receive the HSN
television network. No assurances can be given that HSN will be able to secure channel capacity and/or placement for the HSN television network on attractive terms and its failure to do so could
adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        Broadband
network operators are no longer subject to common carrier regulations, which prohibit the discriminatory operation of communications networks. Broadband network discrimination
involves the interference by broadband network operators with customer access to, and the distribution of content and provision of services over, the internet, all of which involve the access and use
of their networks. Interference with customer access to the internet could result in the loss of existing customers and impair the ability of IAC's various businesses to attract new customers. In
addition, if broadband network operators were to charge third parties for distribution and carriage over their networks, this would result in increased costs for IAC's various businesses, which could
adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. The U.S. Congress is currently considering legislation to prohibit broadband network discrimination. 

        In
addition, the application of various domestic and international sales, use, value-added and other tax laws, rules and regulations to the historical and new products and services of
IAC is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxing authorities. While IAC believes that it is compliant with these tax provisions, there can be no assurances that taxing authorities will not
take a contrary position, or that such positions will not adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        Some
IAC businesses have structured their business, operations and relationships with third parties in ways to ensure compliance with various state, federal and/or local laws, rules and
regulations that regulate the amount and nature of fees that may be charged for their products or services. For example, Ticketmaster is advocating changes in various state and local laws to make them
less restrictive so that Ticketmaster can participate more fully in making tickets available for resale. Also, Ticketmaster has structured its business, operations and client relationships in ways to
ensure compliance with certain state and local regulations in several states that establish maximum charges on sales of tickets. Other legislation that could further regulate convenience charges,
order-processing, transaction and other fees is introduced from time to time in federal, state and local legislative bodies
in the United States and abroad. Changes in existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations of this nature could require Ticketmaster to change certain aspects of its business,
operations and client relationships to ensure compliance. Ticketmaster is unable to predict whether any such legislation will be adopted and, if so, the effect on its business and results of
operations. 

        Similarly,
HSN is continually engaged in the sale of third party products. While IAC believes that HSN has structured its business, operations and vendor relationships in ways to ensure
compliance with federal, state and local laws, there is no guarantee that HSN would not be held liable for the product claims or other activities that occur during the HSN broadcasts. 

        Lastly,
in recent years the mortgage lending and real estate industries have been subject to increasing regulation at the state and federal level, and IAC expects that this will
continue. Continued changes in existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations could require IAC's LendingTree and Real Estate businesses to change certain aspects of their business,
operations and 

27

client
relationships to ensure compliance. LendingTree and Real Estate are unable to predict whether any such legislation will be adopted and, if so, the effect on their respective businesses and
results of operations. 

Privacy—The processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation,
conflicting legal requirements or differing views of personal privacy rights. 

        In
the processing of consumer transactions and search queries, IAC's various businesses receive, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable information and other user
data. The sharing, use, disclosure and protection of this information are governed by the respective privacy and data security policies maintained by each IAC business. Moreover, there are federal,
state and international laws regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information and user data. Specifically, personally identifiable
information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected,
processed and transmitted in or from the governing jurisdiction. There are currently pending several bills in the U.S. Congress, which if passed could result in more onerous requirements regarding the
manner in which certain personally identifiable information and other user data will need to be stored and managed. IAC businesses could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are
expanded to require changes in their business practices or privacy policies, or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively affect their
business, financial condition and results of operations. As privacy and data protection have become more sensitive issues, IAC businesses may also become
exposed to potential liabilities as a result of differing views on the privacy of consumer and other user data collected by these businesses. The failure of IAC and/or any of its businesses, and/or
their various third party vendors and service providers, to comply with applicable privacy policies or federal, state or similar international laws and regulations or any compromise of security that
results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information or other user data could damage the reputation of these businesses, discourage potential users from trying the products and
services of these businesses and/or result in fines and/or proceedings against IAC and/or its businesses by governmental agencies and/or consumers, one or all of which could adversely affect IAC's
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Intellectual Property—IAC and its businesses may fail to adequately protect their intellectual property rights or may be accused of
infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 

        IAC
and its businesses may fail to adequately protect their intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. IAC and its
businesses regard their intellectual property rights, including their patents, service marks, trademarks and domain names, copyrights, trade secrets and similar intellectual property, as critical to
IAC's success. IAC businesses also rely heavily upon software codes, informational databases and other components that make up their products and services. 

        IAC
and its businesses rely on a combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to establish and protect these proprietary
rights. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use trade secret or copyrighted intellectual property of IAC or any of its businesses without
authorization which, if discovered, might require legal action to correct. In addition, no assurances can be given that third parties will not independently and lawfully develop substantially similar
intellectual properties. 

        IAC
and its businesses have generally registered and continue to apply to register, or secure by contract when appropriate, their respective trademarks and service marks as they are
developed and used, and reserve and register domain names as they deem appropriate. While IAC and its businesses 

28

vigorously
protect their respective trademarks, service marks and domain names, effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which products and services
are made available, and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. Similarly, not every variation of a domain name may be available or be registered, even if
available. The failure of IAC and its businesses to protect their intellectual property rights in a meaningful manner or challenges to related contractual rights could result in erosion of brand names
and limit the ability of IAC and its businesses to control marketing on or through the internet using their various domain names, which could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

        Some
IAC businesses have been granted patents and/or have patent applications pending with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or various foreign patent authorities for
various proprietary technologies and other inventions. IAC and its businesses generally seek to apply for patents or for other appropriate statutory protection when they develop valuable new or
improved proprietary technologies or inventions are identified, and will continue to consider the appropriateness of filing for patents to protect future proprietary technologies and inventions as
circumstances may warrant. The status of any patent involves complex legal and factual questions, and the breadth of claims allowed is uncertain. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any
patent application filed by IAC and/or its businesses will result in a patent being issued, or that any existing or future patents will afford adequate protection against competitors with similar
technology. In addition, no assurances can be given that third parties will not create new products or methods that achieve similar result without infringing upon patents owned by IAC and its
businesses. 

        From
time to time, IAC and its businesses are subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of the trademarks,
copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. In addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce the intellectual property rights of IAC and its
businesses, protect their respective trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could
result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations. Patent litigation
tends to be particularly protracted and expensive. 

Maintenance of Systems and Infrastructure—The success of IAC depends, in part, on the integrity of its systems and infrastructure. System
interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in IAC's information systems may affect its businesses. 

        The
success of IAC depends, in part, on its ability to maintain the integrity of its systems and infrastructure. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in the
information systems of IAC businesses may adversely affect these businesses. IAC businesses may experience occasional system interruptions that make some or all of their respective systems or data
unavailable or prevent them from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services. IAC businesses also rely on affiliate and third party computer systems, broadband and other communications systems
and service providers in connection with the provision of services generally, as well as to facilitate and process a portion of their transactions. Any interruptions, outages or delays in the systems
of IAC, its affiliates and/or third party providers, or a deterioration in the performance of these systems, could impair the ability of IAC businesses to provide services and/or process transactions.
Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God and similar events or disruptions may damage or interrupt computer,
broadband or other communications systems at any time. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent IAC businesses from providing services
to third parties. While IAC businesses have backup systems for certain aspects of their operations, the systems are not fully redundant and disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all
eventualities. In addition, IAC and its businesses may not 

29

have
adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. If any of these adverse events were to occur, it could damage the reputation of IAC and its businesses and be
costly to remedy.