You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as
 well as other information contained in or incorporated by
 reference in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we
 currently believe may materially affect us. Other risks and
 uncertainties that we do not presently consider to be material
 or of which we are not presently aware may become important
 factors that affect our company in the future. If any of the
 risks discussed below actually occur, our business, financial
 condition, operating results, or cash flows could be materially
 adversely affected.

 33

Table of Contents

 Risks Relating to Our Business

 We
 face intense competition that could materially and adversely
 affect our business. If we are not able to compete successfully,
 our business will be adversely impacted.

 We face intense competition in all aspects of our business. If
 we are not able to compete successfully our business could be
 materially impacted, including our ability to survive. We
 believe competition in our industry is based on a number of
 important factors including, but not limited to, market
 liquidity, transparency, technology advancements, platform speed
 and reliability, new product offerings, pricing and risk
 management capabilities.

 The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and we
 expect competition to continue to intensify in the future. Our
 current competitors, both domestically and internationally, are
 numerous. While we have achieved success in recent years in
 growing our business and diversifying, there are routinely new
 market entrants that provide various challenges to the markets
 that we operate. Additionally, merger and acquisition activity
 in the industry remains robust, rendering some competitors
 significantly larger than us with greater capital resources.
 Numerous entities have made recent announcements to enhance
 their existing electronic derivative trading capabilities or to
 launch new derivative trading platforms. Several of these firms
 have applied for and received regulatory approval to begin
 operations.

 We currently compete with:

 • 

 regulated, diversified futures exchanges globally that offer
 trading in a variety of asset classes similar to those offered
 by us such as energy, agriculture, equity index and foreign
 exchange;

 • 

 voice brokers active in the global commodities and credit
 markets;

 • 

 existing and newly formed electronic trading platforms for OTC
 markets;

 • 

 other clearing houses;

 • 

 market data and information vendors; and

 • 

 possible consortiums of customers and the above listed
 competitors that may pool their competitive advantages to
 establish new exchanges, trading platforms or clearing
 facilities.

 The global derivatives industry has grown more competitive due
 to increasing consolidation and evolving markets. Competition in
 the market for derivatives trading has intensified in connection
 with the increase in electronic trading platforms and the desire
 by existing exchanges to diversify their product base, which
 could negatively impact our trading volumes and profitability.

 Conditions
 in global financial markets may adversely affect our trading
 volumes and market liquidity and may put the funds of our
 clearing houses at risk.

 Our business is primarily transaction-based, and declines in
 trading volumes and market liquidity would adversely affect our
 business and profitability. Recently, global financial markets
 have experienced significant and adverse conditions, including a
 freezing of credit, substantially increased volatility, outflows
 of customer funds and investments, losses resulting from
 declining asset values, defaults on loans and reduced liquidity.
 These events have resulted in the failure of certain financial
 services firms, have led other firms to seek mergers with
 commercial banks and have led other firms to become regulated
 bank holding companies. Many of the financial services firms
 that have been adversely impacted by the financial crisis are
 active participants in our markets. The trading volumes in our
 markets could decline substantially if our market participants
 reduce their level of trading activity for any reason, such as:

 • 

 a reduction in the number of traders that use our platform;

 • 

 a reduction in trading demand by customers or a decision to
 curtail or cease speculative trading;

 • 

 heightened capital maintenance requirements resulting from new
 regulation or mandated reductions in existing leverage;

 • 

 a reduced access to capital required to fund trading activities;

 • 

 significant defaults by issuers of debt leading to market
 disruption or a lack of confidence in the market’s ability
 to process such defaults;

 34

Table of Contents

 • 

 increased instances of counterparty failure or
 bankruptcy; or

 • 

 an increase in the inability of CDS protection sellers to pay
 out contractual obligations upon the occurrence of a credit
 event.

 A reduction in our overall trading volume could also render our
 markets less attractive to market participants as a source of
 liquidity and could result in further loss of trading volume and
 associated transaction-based revenues. Accordingly, any
 reduction in trading volumes or market liquidity could have a
 material adverse affect on our business and financial results.

 Further, our clearing houses maintain funds with various banks
 and if one or more of these banks fail, our clearing houses may
 be at risk to cover the amounts that were on deposit with the
 failed bank. The amounts that our clearing houses have on
 deposit with third party banks at any time may be substantial
 and there is no assurance that the clearing houses will be able
 to recover the full amount of such deposits or that, in
 circumstances where clearing houses have not recovered the full
 amount of such deposits, they will be able to cover the amounts
 required to settle transactions and continue their operations.
 The default of a bank that holds deposits from our clearing
 houses could cause our customers to lose confidence in our
 markets and the ability of our clearing houses to continue to
 act as central counterparties, which would have a material
 adverse affect on our trading markets and our business as a
 whole.

 Our
 business is primarily transaction-based, and declines in trading
 volumes and market liquidity for any reason would adversely
 affect our business and profitability.

 We earn transaction fees for transactions executed and cleared
 in our markets and from the provision of electronic trade
 confirmation services. We derived 85.3%, 85.4% and 87.2% of our
 consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31,
 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, from our transaction-based
 business.

 The success of our business depends on our ability to maintain
 and increase our trading volumes and the resulting transaction
 fees. Any decline in our trading volumes in the short-term or
 long-term for any reason will negatively impact our transaction
 fees and, therefore, our revenues. Accordingly, the occurrence
 of any event that reduces the amount of transaction fees we
 receive, which may result from declines in trading volumes or
 market liquidity, reductions in commission rates, regulatory
 changes, rebates to customers, competition or otherwise, would
 have a significant impact on our operating results and
 profitability.

 Our
 business depends in large part on volatility in commodity prices
 generally and energy markets in particular.

 Participants in the markets for energy, soft agricultural and
 agricultural commodities trading pursue a range of trading
 strategies. While some participants trade in order to satisfy
 physical consumption needs, others seek to hedge contractual
 price risk or take speculative or arbitrage positions, seeking
 returns from price movements in different markets. Trading
 volume is driven primarily by the degree of
 volatility — the magnitude and frequency of
 fluctuations — in prices of commodities. Volatility
 increases the need to hedge contractual price risk and creates
 opportunities for speculative or arbitrage trading. Commodities
 markets historically have experienced significant price
 volatility and in recent years reached record levels. We cannot
 predict whether this pattern will continue, or for how long, or
 if this trend will reverse itself. Were there to be a sustained
 period of stability in the prices of commodities, we could
 experience lower trading volumes, slower growth or even declines
 in revenues.

 Factors that are particularly likely to affect price volatility
 and price levels, and thus trading volumes, include:

 • 

 economic, political and market conditions in the United States,
 Europe, the Middle East and elsewhere in the world;

 • 

 weather conditions, including hurricanes and other significant
 weather events, that impact the production of commodities, and,
 in the case of energy commodities, production, refining and
 distribution facilities for oil and natural gas;

 • 

 the volatility in production volume of the commodities
 underlying our energy, soft agricultural and agricultural
 products and markets;

 35

Table of Contents

 • 

 war and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 legislative and regulatory changes;

 • 

 credit quality of market participants;

 • 

 the availability of capital;

 • 

 broad trends in industry and finance, including the
 consolidation in our industry;

 • 

 the level and volatility of interest rates;

 • 

 fluctuating exchange rates and currency values; and

 • 

 concerns over inflation.

 Any one or more of these factors may reduce price volatility or
 price levels in the markets for derivatives trading generally
 and for commodity products in particular. Any reduction in price
 volatility or price levels could reduce trading activity in
 those markets, including in our markets. Moreover, any reduction
 in trading activity could reduce liquidity — the
 ability to find ready buyers and sellers at current
 prices — which in turn could further discourage
 existing and potential market participants and thus accelerate
 any decline in the level of trading activity in these markets.
 In these circumstances, the markets with the highest trading
 volumes, and therefore the most liquidity, would likely have a
 growing competitive advantage over other markets. This could put
 us at a greater disadvantage relative to our principal
 competitor and other competitors, whose markets are larger and
 more established than ours.

 We cannot predict whether or when these unfavorable conditions
 may arise in the future or, if they occur, how long or severely
 they will affect trading volumes. A significant decline in our
 trading volumes due to reduced volatility, lower prices or any
 other factor, could have a material adverse effect on our
 revenues since our transaction fees would decline and on our
 profitability since our revenues would decline faster than our
 expenses, some of which are fixed. Moreover, if these
 unfavorable conditions were to persist over a lengthy period of
 time and trading volumes were to decline substantially and for a
 long enough period, the liquidity of our markets, and the
 critical mass of transaction volume necessary to support viable
 markets, could be jeopardized.

 Our
 revenues depend heavily upon trading volume in the markets for
 ICE Brent Crude, ICE WTI Crude and ICE Gas Oil futures
 contracts; OTC North American natural gas and power contracts;
 sugar futures and options on sugar futures contracts; Russell
 Index futures and options on Russell Indexes; and Creditex
 brokerage transactions. A decline in volume or in our market
 share in these contracts would jeopardize our ability to remain
 profitable and grow.

 Our revenues currently depend heavily on trading volume in the
 markets for ICE Brent Crude futures contracts, ICE WTI Crude
 futures contracts, ICE Gas Oil futures contracts, sugar futures
 and options on sugar futures contracts, OTC North American
 natural gas contracts, OTC North American power contracts,
 Russell Index futures and options on the Russell Indexes
 contracts, and Creditex brokerage transactions. Trading in these
 contracts in the aggregate has represented 76.2% of our
 consolidated revenues for the fourth quarter of 2008 and 73.9%
 for the year ended December 31, 2008.

 Our trading volume or market share in these markets may decline
 due to a number of factors, including:

 • 

 development of competing contracts, and competition generally;

 • 

 reliance on technology to conduct trading;

 • 

 the relative stability of commodity prices;

 • 

 reduced growth in mature commodity markets;

 • 

 increased availability of electronic trading on competing
 contracts;

 • 

 possible regulatory changes; and

 • 

 adverse publicity and government investigations.

 A decline in trading volume would have a negative impact on our
 operating results and profitability.

 36

Table of Contents

 A
 decline in the production of commodities traded in our markets
 could reduce our liquidity and adversely affect our revenues and
 profitability.

 We derived 84.4%, 84.3% and 86.1% of our consolidated revenues
 for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
 respectively, from exchange, commission and clearing fees
 generated from trading in commodity products in our futures and
 OTC markets. The volume of contracts traded in the futures and
 OTC markets for any specific commodity tends to be a multiple of
 the physical production of that commodity. If the physical
 supply or production of any commodity declines, market
 participants could become less willing to trade in contracts
 based on that commodity. For example, the ICE Brent Crude
 futures contract has been subject to this risk as production of
 Brent crude oil peaked in 1984 and began steadily falling in
 subsequent years. We, in consultation with market participants,
 altered the mechanism for settlement of ICE Brent Crude futures
 contract to a mechanism based on the Brent/Forties/Oseberg North
 Sea oil fields, known as the BFO Index, to ensure that the
 commodity prices on which its settlement price is based reflect
 a large enough pool of traders and trading activity so as to be
 less susceptible to manipulation. Market participants that trade
 in ICE Brent Crude futures may determine in the future, however,
 that additional underlying commodity products need to be
 considered in the settlement of that contract or that the
 settlement mechanism is not credible.

 For example, exchange fees earned from trading in the ICE Brent
 Crude futures contract accounted for 46.6%, 47.6% and 50.5% of
 our total revenues from our energy futures business, net of
 intersegment fees, for the years ended December 31, 2008,
 2007 and 2006, respectively, or 11.4%, 15.2% and 20.4% of our
 consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31,
 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Any uncertainty concerning
 the settlement of the ICE Brent Crude futures contract, or a
 decline in the physical supply or production of any other
 commodity on which our trading products are based, could result
 in a decline in trading volumes in our markets, adversely
 affecting our revenues and profitability.

 We
 intend to explore acquisition opportunities and strategic
 alliances relating to other businesses, products or
 technologies. We may not be successful in identifying
 opportunities or integrating other businesses, products or
 technologies successfully with our business. Any such
 transaction also may not produce the results we
 anticipate.

 We intend to continue to explore and pursue acquisition and
 other opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our
 company. We may enter into business combination transactions,
 make acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships, joint
 ventures or alliances, any of which may be material. We may
 enter into these transactions to acquire other businesses,
 products or technologies to expand our products and services,
 advance our technology or take advantage of new developments and
 potential changes in the industry.

 The market for acquisition targets and strategic alliances is
 highly competitive, particularly in light of increasing
 consolidation in the exchange sector. As a result, we may be
 unable to identify strategic opportunities or we may be unable
 to negotiate or finance any future acquisition successfully.
 Further, our competitors could merge, making it more difficult
 for us to find appropriate entities to acquire or merge with and
 making it more difficult to compete in our industry due to the
 increased resources of our merged competitors. If we are
 required to raise capital by incurring additional debt or
 issuing additional equity for any reason in connection with a
 strategic acquisition or investment, we cannot assure that any
 such financing will be available or that the terms of such
 financing will be favorable to us.

 The process of integration may produce unforeseen regulatory and
 operating difficulties and expenditures and may divert the
 attention of management from the ongoing operation of our
 business. Further, as a result of any future acquisition, we may
 issue additional shares of our common stock that dilute
 shareholders’ ownership interest in us, expend cash, incur
 debt, assume contingent liabilities or create additional
 expenses related to amortizing intangible assets with estimable
 useful lives, any of which could harm our business, financial
 condition or results of operations and negatively impact our
 stock price.

 37

Table of Contents

 We may
 fail to realize the anticipated cost savings, growth
 opportunities and synergies and other benefits anticipated from
 our mergers and acquisitions or investments, which could
 adversely affect the value of our common stock.

 We completed multiple acquisitions and strategic investments in
 2007 and 2008, including transactions with NYBOT (ICE Futures
 U.S.), Winnipeg Commodity Exchange, Inc. (ICE Futures Canada),
 Chatham Energy Partners, LLC, ChemConnect Inc., Commoditrack,
 Inc, National Commodity Derivatives Exchange Limited (NCDEX),
 YellowJacket Software, Inc. and Creditex Group, Inc. The success
 of our mergers and acquisitions will depend, in part, on our
 ability to realize the anticipated synergies and growth
 opportunities from combining the businesses, as well as our
 expected cost savings and revenue growth trends. In general, we
 expect to benefit from operational synergies resulting from the
 consolidation of capabilities and elimination of redundancies in
 our mergers and acquisitions.

 Integration of companies acquired by us is complex and time
 consuming, and requires substantial resources and effort. We
 must successfully combine the businesses in a manner that
 permits the expected cost savings and synergies to be realized.
 In addition, we must achieve the anticipated savings and
 synergies without adversely affecting current revenues and our
 investments in future growth. The integration process and other
 disruptions resulting from the mergers or acquisitions may also
 disrupt each company’s ongoing businesses or cause
 inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies
 that adversely affect our relationships with market
 participants, employees, regulators and others with whom we have
 business or other dealings or our ability to achieve the
 anticipated benefits of the merger or acquisition. When we
 expand our product offering through a merger or acquisition, we
 may need to introduce our trading platform to customers that
 have historically conducted business by telephone or on a
 different exchange. The process of transitioning customers to
 our electronic platform can be time consuming and expensive and
 if not ultimately accepted, could substantially impair or render
 worthless the assets we acquired through the merger or
 acquisition. In addition, difficulties in integrating the
 businesses or any negative impact on the regulatory functions of
 any of our companies could harm the reputation of the companies.
 We may not successfully achieve the integration objectives, and
 we may not realize the anticipated cost savings, revenue growth
 and synergies in full or at all, or it may take longer to
 realize them than expected.

 In addition, we may not realize anticipated growth opportunities
 and other benefits from strategic investments we have made and
 may make in the future for a number of reasons, including
 regulatory or government approvals or changes and, in some
 instances, our lack of or limited control over the management
 business, such as NCDEX. If we fail to successfully integrate an
 acquired business, or if the reason we acquired or invested in a
 business is materially impacted, we may be required to take an
 impairment charge on our financial statements, which could
 negatively impact our stock price.

 Our
 cost structure is largely fixed. If our revenues decline and we
 are unable to reduce our costs, or if our expenses increase
 without a corresponding increase in revenues, our profitability
 will be adversely affected.

 Our cost structure is largely fixed and we expect that it will
 continue to be largely fixed in the foreseeable future. We base
 our expectations of our cost structure on historical and
 expected levels of demand for our products and services as well
 as our fixed operating infrastructure, such as computer hardware
 and software, leases, hosting facilities and security and
 staffing levels. If demand for our current products and services
 declines, our revenues will decline. If demand for future
 products that we acquire or license is not to the level
 necessary to offset the cost of the acquisition or license, our
 net income would decline. For example, we have incurred
 significant costs to secure the exclusive license with the
 Russell Investment Group for listing Russell’s index
 futures, the costs of which will be amortized over the next
 several years. If our clearing and execution fees for the
 Russell index futures is not sufficient to offset the
 amortization costs, our net income will decrease. We may not be
 able to adjust our cost structure, at all or on a timely basis,
 to counteract a decrease in revenue or net income, which would
 result in an adverse impact on our profitability.

 38

Table of Contents

 Owning
 clearing houses exposes us to risks, including the risk of
 defaults by our participants clearing trades through our
 clearing houses, risks regarding investing the funds in the
 guaranty fund and held as security for original margin, and
 risks related to the cost of operating the clearing
 houses.

 Operating clearing houses requires material ongoing expenditures
 and exposes us to various risks. We cannot assure you that our
 clearing arrangements will be satisfactory to our participants
 or will not require additional substantial system modifications
 to accommodate them in the future. Our operation of clearing
 houses may not be as successful and may not provide us the
 benefits we anticipate. In addition, our operation of these
 clearing houses may not generate sufficient revenues to cover
 the expenses we incur.

 There are risks inherent in operating a clearing house,
 including exposure to the market and counterparty risk of
 clearing members, defaults by clearing members and providing a
 return to the clearing members on the funds invested by the
 clearing houses, which could subject our business to substantial
 losses. For example, clearing members have placed an aggregate
 of cash in ICE Clear Europe relating to margin requirements and
 funding the guaranty fund that exceeded $10 billion as of
 December 31, 2008. These funds are swept and invested daily
 by JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. in accordance with our clearing
 house investment guidelines. ICE Clear Europe has an obligation
 to return margin payments and guaranty fund contributions to
 clearing members once the relevant clearing member’s
 exposure to the clearing house no longer exists, and further to
 provide an interest yield to clearing members in respect of
 margin and guaranty fund contributions lodged with the clearing
 house. If the investment principal amount decreases in value,
 ICE Clear Europe will be liable for the shortfall.

 Although our clearing houses have policies and procedures to
 help ensure that clearing members can satisfy their obligations,
 such policies and procedures may not succeed in preventing
 losses after a counterparty’s default. We also have in
 place or plan to establish, as appropriate, various measures
 intended to enable our clearing houses to cover any default and
 maintain liquidity, such as deposits in a guaranty fund.
 However, we cannot assure you that these measures and safeguards
 will be sufficient to protect us from a default or that we will
 not be materially and adversely affected in the event of a
 significant default. Additionally, the default of any one of the
 clearing members could subject our business to substantial
 losses and cause our customers to lose confidence in the
 guarantee of our clearing houses.

 The
 derivatives and energy commodities trading industry has been and
 continues to be subject to increased legislative and regulatory
 scrutiny, and we face the risk of changes to our regulatory
 environment in the future, which may diminish trading volumes on
 our electronic platform.

 Providing facilities to trade financial derivatives and energy
 products is one of our core businesses. In 2008, given the high
 price of energy, crude oil and other commodities, the
 U.S. Congress held numerous hearings regarding the proper
 regulation of energy trading and, in particular, the potential
 impact of speculation on energy prices. In addition, the
 U.K.’s Treasury Select Committee has also held a hearing on
 this issue. In addition, hearings were held on the role that
 financial derivatives may have played in the broader financial
 market crisis. There are currently legislative proposals
 outstanding, and additional bills may be introduced in the
 future, that target futures and OTC market participants. In the
 U.S. Congress, legislative proposals have recently been
 introduced that would (1) eliminate the OTC bilateral
 market by forcing OTC trades to be cleared;
 and/or
 (2) eliminate derivatives trading except for trading on
 futures exchanges. Finally, we anticipate that the
 U.S. Congress and the President will propose major changes
 to the financial regulatory system. These changes could include
 merging the CFTC and SEC, a merger of financial regulators into
 a “super” regulator similar to the UK’s Financial
 Service Authority, or the creation of new regulatory body or
 bodies that would regulate by activity, not product.

 Further, the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 has
 given the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, additional authority
 to investigate and prosecute manipulation in the petroleum
 markets. In August 2008, the FTC released a proposed rule
 stating that it would exercise its authority in the petroleum
 futures markets, which would include participants on ICE Futures
 Europe and our OTC markets. The standard of proof relating to
 manipulation proposed by the FTC is less stringent than the
 standard currently used by the CFTC and could deter participants
 from our markets.

 39

Table of Contents

 We currently operate our OTC markets as an “exempt
 commercial market” under the Commodity Exchange Act. As
 such, our markets are subject to anti-fraud, anti-manipulation,
 access, reporting and record-keeping requirements of the CFTC.
 However, unlike a futures exchange, we are not a self regulatory
 organization that undertakes regulatory oversight of OTC
 trading. In May 2008, Congress passed legislation as part of the
 Farm Bill to increase regulation of OTC markets. The new
 legislation requires and grants authority to OTC electronic
 trading facilities to assume self regulatory responsibilities,
 such as market monitoring and establishing position limits or
 accountability levels, over contracts that serve a significant
 price discovery function. This legislation requires us and our
 OTC participants to operate under heightened regulatory burdens
 and incur additional costs, including recordkeeping and
 reporting costs, to comply with the additional regulations, and
 could deter some participants from trading on our OTC platform.
 In December 2008, the CFTC proposed rules to implement the Farm
 Bill. In addition to requirements outlined by the Farm Bill, the
 proposed rules would require the exempt commercial market to
 impose limits on bilateral trades executed on our platform. This
 could provide an incentive for market participants to execute
 these transactions off exchange. Our OTC Henry Hub natural gas
 contract, which comprised 75.2%, 73.4%, and 81.6% of our OTC
 energy transaction volumes and 24.9%, 21.4%, and 30.1% of our
 consolidated revenues in the fiscal years ended
 December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively, would be
 considered a “significant price discovery contract.”
 It is possible that the CFTC will deem additional OTC contracts
 traded in our markets to be “significant price discovery
 contracts.” One bill currently pending in the
 U.S. Congress could, if enacted, subject our OTC markets to
 a level of regulation identical or comparable to that of
 regulated exchanges.

 Further, allegations of manipulative trading by market
 participants or the failure of industry participants could
 subject us, our markets or our industry to regulatory scrutiny,
 possible fines or restrictions, as well as significant legal
 expenses and adverse publicity. These changes, if enacted, and
 increased regulation regarding commodity prices, market
 participants or the OTC and futures markets generally could
 materially adversely affect our business by limiting the amount
 of trading that is conducted in our markets.

 We are
 currently subject to regulation in multiple jurisdictions.
 Failure to comply with existing regulatory requirements, and
 possible future changes in these requirements or in the current
 interpretation of these requirements, could adversely affect our
 business.

 ICE Futures Europe, through which we conduct our energy futures
 business, operates as a Recognized Investment Exchange in the
 United Kingdom. As a Recognized Investment Exchange, ICE Futures
 Europe has regulatory responsibility in its own right and is
 subject to supervision by the FSA pursuant to the FSMA. ICE
 Futures Europe is required under the FSMA to maintain sufficient
 financial resources, adequate systems and controls and effective
 arrangements for monitoring and disciplining its members.
 Likewise, ICE Futures U.S. operates as a Designated
 Contract Market. As a self-regulatory organization, it is
 responsible for ensuring that the exchange operates in
 accordance with existing rules and regulations, and must comply
 with eighteen core principles under the Commodity Exchange Act.
 The ability of ICE Futures Europe and ICE Futures U.S. to
 comply with all applicable laws and rules is largely dependent
 on its maintenance of compliance, surveillance, audit and
 reporting systems. We cannot assure you that these systems and
 procedures are fully effective. Failure to comply with current
 regulatory requirements and regulatory requirements that may be
 imposed on us in the future could subject us to significant
 penalties, including termination of our ability to conduct our
 regulated energy futures business through ICE Futures Europe and
 our regulated soft commodities business through ICE Futures U.S.

 Electronic trading in our energy futures contracts on ICE
 Futures Europe is permitted in many jurisdictions around the
 world, including in the United States, through “no
 action” relief from the local jurisdiction’s
 regulator. In the United States, direct electronic access to
 trading in ICE Futures Europe products is offered to
 U.S. persons based on a series of no action letters from
 the CFTC that permit
 non-U.S. exchanges,
 referred to as foreign boards of trade, to provide
 U.S. persons with electronic access to their markets
 without registration with the CFTC as a U.S. regulated
 exchange. Our ability to offer our current and new futures
 products under our existing no action relief could be impacted
 by any actions taken by the CFTC as a result of additional
 conditions being imposed on ICE Futures Europe under its no
 action relief. In addition, certain of the bills pending before
 the U.S. Congress would, if enacted, either eliminate the
 no action relief granted to

 40

Table of Contents

 ICE Futures Europe and other
 non-U.S. exchanges,
 or impose additional regulatory and reporting requirements as a
 condition for the continuation of such relief. One bill has been
 proposed in the U.S. Congress that could require ICE
 Futures Europe to place lower position limits on energy
 contracts linked to settlement prices of a U.S. designated
 contract market than the U.S. designated contract market
 itself imposes. If our offering of products through ICE Futures
 Europe to U.S. participants is subject to additional
 regulatory constraints, our business could be adversely affected.

 Similarly, electronic trading in ICE Futures U.S. contracts
 is permitted in many jurisdictions through “no action”
 relief from the local jurisdiction’s regulatory
 requirements. With the end of open outcry trading of ICE Futures
 U.S. agricultural futures contracts in February 2008, the
 ability of ICE Futures U.S. to offer trading in these
 futures products in multiple jurisdictions will be dependent
 upon its ability to comply with the existing conditions of its
 no action relief in various jurisdictions and any new conditions
 that may be added.

 New legislation, regulations or enforcement may require us to
 allocate more resources to regulatory compliance and oversight
 and may diminish confidence in our markets, which would
 adversely affect our business. Current legislative and
 regulatory requirements and new initiatives, either in the
 United States, the United Kingdom or elsewhere, could affect one
 or more of the following aspects of our business or impose one
 or more of the following requirements:

 • 

 the manner in which we communicate with and contract with our
 participants;

 • 

 a requirement that we impose additional position limits or
 position accountability limits on our participants;

 • 

 prohibitions against certain categories of participants (e.g.,
 pension funds) from accessing our markets;

 • 

 the demand for and pricing of our products and services;

 • 

 the tax treatment of trading in our products;

 • 

 a requirement that we maintain minimum regulatory capital on
 hand;

 • 

 a requirement that we exercise regulatory oversight of our OTC
 participants, and assume responsibility for their conduct;

 • 

 a requirement that we make additional reports to regulatory
 authorities regarding the trading activities of our
 participants, which would impact our financial and regulatory
 reporting practices;

 • 

 our record-keeping and record-retention procedures;

 • 

 the nature and role of our self-regulatory responsibilities may
 change;

 • 

 our ability to launch new products or contracts since we may
 need to satisfy certain regulatory obligations prior to
 launching such new products or contracts.

 • 

 the licensing of our employees; and

 • 

 the conduct of our directors, officers, employees and affiliates.

 The implementation of new legislation or regulations, or changes
 in or unfavorable interpretations of existing regulations by
 courts or regulatory bodies, could require us to incur
 significant compliance costs and impede our ability to operate,
 expand and enhance our electronic platform as necessary to
 remain competitive and grow our business. Regulatory changes
 inside or outside the United States or the United Kingdom could
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Legislative
 or regulatory changes regarding the operation of clearing
 facilities or preventing them from being owned or controlled by
 exchanges may prevent us from realizing the economic benefits of
 operating our clearing house.

 Many clearing firms have emphasized the importance to them of
 centralizing clearing of futures contracts and options on
 futures contracts to maximize the efficient use of their
 capital, exercise greater control over their

 41

Table of Contents

 value at risk and extract greater operating leverage from
 clearing activities. Many clearing firms have expressed the view
 that clearing firms should have a choice of where to clear their
 transactions or should control the governance of clearing
 houses. In addition, some clearing firms have expressed the view
 that multiple clearing houses should be consolidated and
 operated as utilities rather than as for-profit enterprises.
 Some clearing firms, along with the Futures Industry Association
 and U.K. Futures and Options Associations, have attempted to
 cause legislative or regulatory changes to be adopted that would
 allow market participants to transfer positions from an
 exchange-owned clearing house (such as ICE Clear Europe) to a to
 a non-exchange owned clearinghouse model. Some market
 participants, including the U.K. Futures and Options
 Association, have expressed support for extending the European
 Union Code of Clearing and Conduct to derivatives, which would
 mandate clearing choices for customers through interoperability.
 In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice released
 comments on February 7, 2008 requesting the
 U.S. Department of Treasury to review futures markets to
 determine if a different regime for clearing is feasible, which
 could include ending exchange control of financial futures
 clearing to foster exchange competition. The Department of
 Justice comments specifically excluded markets for commodity
 futures, such as energy and agricultural futures markets. In
 addition, several Members of the U.S. Congress have
 advocated for higher margins on futures products, which could
 change the way we collect margin or operate the risk management
 functions of our clearing houses. If these legislative or
 regulatory changes are adopted, alternative clearing houses may
 seek to clear positions established on our exchanges. Even if
 they are not successful in their efforts, the factors described
 above may cause clearing firms to limit the use of our clearing
 houses. Finally, legislation has been proposed mandating that
 all derivatives be cleared by a clearing house, including
 transactions executed prior to the legislation’s passage.
 If clearing houses are compelled to take these trades, it could
 present a financial risk to the clearing houses we operate. If
 any of these events occur, our revenues and profits would be
 materially and adversely affected.

 If we
 are unable to keep up with rapid changes in technology and
 participant preferences, we may not be able to compete
 effectively.

 To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve
 the responsiveness, functionality, accessibility and reliability
 of our electronic platform and our proprietary technology. The
 financial services industry is characterized by rapid
 technological change, change in use patterns, change in client
 preferences, frequent product and service introductions and the
 emergence of new industry standards and practices. These changes
 could render our existing proprietary technology uncompetitive
 or obsolete. Our ability to pursue our strategic objectives,
 including increasing trading volumes on our trading platforms,
 as well as our ability to continue to grow our business, will
 depend, in part, on our ability to:

 • 

 enhance our existing services and maintain and improve the
 functionality and reliability of our electronic platform, in
 particular, reducing network downtime or disruptions;

 • 

 develop or license new technologies that address the
 increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our participants;

 • 

 anticipate and respond to technological advances and emerging
 industry practices on a cost-effective and timely basis; and

 • 

 continue to attract and retain highly skilled technology staff
 to maintain and develop our existing technology and to adapt to
 and manage emerging technologies while attempting to keep our
 employee headcount low.

 We cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new
 technologies or adapt our proprietary technology to our
 participants’ requirements or emerging industry standards
 in a timely and cost-effective manner. Any failure to remain
 abreast of industry standards in technology and to be responsive
 to participant preferences could cause our market share to
 decline and negatively impact our profitability.

 Our
 business may be harmed by computer and communications systems
 failures and delays.

 We support and maintain many of the systems that comprise our
 electronic platform. Our failure to monitor or maintain these
 systems, or to find replacements for defective components within
 a system in a

 42

Table of Contents

 timely and cost-effective manner when necessary, could have a
 material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.
 Although we fully replicate our primary data center, our
 redundant systems or disaster recovery plans may prove to be
 inadequate. Our systems, or those of our third party providers,
 may fail or be shutdown or, due to capacity constraints, may
 operate slowly, causing one or more of the following:

 • 

 unanticipated disruption in service to our participants;

 • 

 slower response time and delays in our participants’ trade
 execution and processing;

 • 

 failed settlement by participants to whom we provide trade
 confirmation or clearing services;

 • 

 incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of
 trades;

 • 

 our distribution of inaccurate or untimely market data to
 participants who rely on this data in their trading
 activity; and

 • 

 financial loss.

 We could experience system failures due to power or
 telecommunications failures, human error on our part or on the
 part of our vendors or participants, natural disasters, fire,
 sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer
 viruses, intentional acts of vandalism or terrorism and similar
 events. In these instances, our disaster recovery plan may prove
 ineffective. If any one or more of these situations were to
 arise, they could result in damage to our business reputation,
 participant dissatisfaction with our electronic platform,
 prompting participants to trade elsewhere, or exposure to
 litigation or regulatory sanctions. As a consequence, our
 business, financial condition and results of operations could
 suffer materially.

 Our regulated business operations generally require that our
 trade execution and communications systems be able to handle
 anticipated present and future peak trading volume. Heavy use of
 computer systems during peak trading times or at times of
 unusual market volatility could cause those systems to operate
 slowly or even to fail for periods of time. However, we cannot
 assure you that our estimates of future trading volume will be
 accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate
 actual trading volume without failure or degradation of
 performance.

 Our
 systems and those of our third party service providers may be
 vulnerable to security risks, which could result in wrongful use
 of our information, or which could make our participants
 reluctant to use our electronic platform.

 We regard the secure transmission of confidential information on
 our electronic platform as a critical element of our operations.
 Our networks and those of our participants and our third party
 service providers, may, however, be vulnerable to unauthorized
 access, computer viruses, firewall or encryption failures and
 other security problems. We may be required to expend
 significant resources to protect our business and our
 participants against the threat of security breaches or to
 alleviate problems caused by security breaches. Although we
 intend to continue to implement industry standard security
 measures, we cannot assure you that those measures will be
 sufficient to protect our business against losses or any reduced
 trading volume incurred in our markets as a result of any
 significant security breaches on our platform.

 Our
 operating results may be subject to significant fluctuations due
 to a number of factors.

 A number of factors beyond our control may contribute to
 substantial fluctuations in our operating results. As a result
 of the factors described in the preceding risk factors, you will
 not be able to rely on our historical operating results in any
 particular period as an indication of our future performance.
 The commodities trading industry, and energy commodities trading
 in particular, has historically been subject to variability in
 trading volumes due primarily to several key factors. These
 factors include:

 • 

 geopolitical events;

 • 

 weather;

 • 

 real and perceived supply and demand imbalances in the
 underlying commodities;

 43

Table of Contents

 • 

 regulatory considerations;

 • 

 the availability of capital;

 • 

 the number of trading days in a quarter; and

 • 

 seasonality.

 As a result of one or more of these factors, trading volumes in
 our markets could decline, possibly significantly, which would
 adversely affect our revenues derived from transaction fees. If
 we fail to meet securities analysts’ expectations regarding
 our operating performance, the price of our common stock could
 decline substantially.

 Fluctuations
 in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating
 results.

 The revenues, expenses and financial results of ICE Futures
 Europe and the other U.K. subsidiaries have historically been
 denominated in pounds sterling, which previously was the
 functional currency of our U.K. subsidiaries. We had foreign
 currency translation risk equal to our net investment in our
 U.K. subsidiaries. The financial statements of our U.K.
 subsidiaries were translated into U.S. dollars using
 current rates of exchange, with gains or losses included in the
 cumulative translation adjustment account, a component of
 shareholders’ equity. Effective as of July 1, 2006,
 the functional currency of the majority of our U.K. subsidiaries
 became the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of an
 entity is the currency of the primary economic environment in
 which the entity operates. The functional currency switched
 based on various economic factors and circumstances, including
 the fact that beginning in the second quarter of 2006, ICE
 Futures Europe began to charge and collect exchange fees in
 U.S. dollars rather than pounds sterling in its key futures
 contracts, including crude oil and heating oil contracts. We
 will no longer recognize any translation adjustments in the
 consolidated financial statements subsequent to June 30,
 2006 for those U.K. subsidiaries that have switched their
 functional currency to the U.S. dollar.

 In connection with our acquisition of ICE Futures Canada in
 August 2007 and Creditex in August 2008, we have foreign
 currency translation risk equal to our net investment in certain
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries. The revenues, expenses and
 financial results of these Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries are
 denominated in Canadian dollars or pounds sterling, which are
 the functional currencies of these subsidiaries. The financial
 statements of these subsidiaries are translated into
 U.S. dollars using a current rate of exchange, with gains
 or losses included in the cumulative translation adjustment
 account, a component of shareholders’ equity. As of
 December 31, 2008, the portion of our shareholders’
 equity attributable to accumulated other comprehensive income
 from foreign currency translation was $22.4 million. The
 period-end foreign currency exchange rate for the Canadian
 dollar to the U.S. dollar decreased from 1.0120 as of
 December 31, 2007 to 0.8170 as of December 31, 2008
 and the period-end foreign currency exchange rate for pounds
 sterling to the U.S. dollar decreased from 1.9843 as of
 December 31, 2007 to 1.4619 as of December 31, 2008.

 We have foreign currency transaction risk related to the
 settlement of foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities
 and payables that occur through our foreign operations, which
 are received in or paid in pounds sterling or euros, due to the
 increase or decrease in the period-end foreign currency exchange
 rates between periods. We had foreign currency transaction gains
 (losses) of $3.1 million, $842,000 and ($288,000) for the
 years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively,
 primarily attributable to the fluctuations of pounds sterling
 and euros relative to the U.S. dollar. The average exchange
 rate of pounds sterling to the U.S. dollar increased from
 1.8434 for the year ended December 31, 2006 to 2.0020 for
 the year ended December 31, 2007 and then decreased to
 1.8545 for the year ended December 31, 2008.

 We may experience substantial gains or losses from foreign
 currency transactions in the future given that there are still
 certain net assets or net liabilities and expenses of our
 subsidiaries that are denominated in pounds sterling, euros and
 Canadian dollars. Of our consolidated revenues, 3.3%, 1.2% and
 7.2% were denominated in pounds sterling, euros or Canadian
 dollars for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and
 2006, respectively. Of our consolidated operating expenses,
 20.2%, 15.9% and 29.8% were denominated in pounds sterling or
 Canadian dollars for the years ended December 31, 2008,
 2007 and 2006, respectively. As the pounds sterling, euros or
 Canadian dollar exchange rate changes, the U.S. equivalent
 of revenues and

 44

Table of Contents

 expenses denominated in foreign currencies changes accordingly.
 As of the second quarter of 2006, we began charging exchange
 fees in U.S. dollars rather than in pounds sterling in our
 key U.K. futures contracts, including crude oil and heating oil
 contracts. Revenues in our businesses are denominated in
 U.S. dollars, except with respect to a portion of the sales
 through Creditex, all sales through ICE Futures Canada and a
 small number of futures contracts at ICE Futures Europe. Our
 U.K. operations in some instances function as a natural hedge
 because we generally hold an equal amount of monetary assets and
 liabilities that are denominated in pounds sterling.

 While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future to
 help mitigate our foreign exchange risk exposure, these hedging
 arrangements may not be effective, particularly in the event of
 imprecise forecasts of the levels of our
 non-U.S. denominated
 assets and liabilities. Accordingly, if there is an adverse
 movement in exchange rates, we may suffer significant losses,
 which would adversely affect our operating results and financial
 condition.

 Our
 efforts to reduce risk in the credit derivatives market and to
 create a derivative clearing house to act as a central
 counterparty in the trading of CDS may not be
 successful.

 Credit derivative contracts are currently traded between two
 market participants and are not cleared through a central
 counterparty or clearing house. The buyer of the contract will
 make a payment or series of payments to the seller in return for
 protection against default or other credit event. The bilateral
 nature of the market leaves participants exposed to counterparty
 risk, which could result in systemic implications in times of
 great financial distress. When financial counterparties cannot
 rely on each other’s credit, and are unable to hedge their
 own credit risk, they then stop lending to each other and the
 credit markets may freeze. The recent collapse of two major
 market participants and the continuing concern over the
 financial health of other market participants has led regulators
 and market participants to call for the creation of a central
 clearinghouse for CDS.

 Developing a market structure that brings transparency, capital
 efficiency and mitigation of counterparty credit risk by
 clearing credit defaults swaps transactions is an important
 initiative for ICE and Creditex, as well as for certain of our
 competitors. We have entered a preliminary nonbinding agreement
 to develop a clearing house to act as a central counterparty in
 registration and clearance of CDS instruments and we are forming
 a limited purpose bank, ICE Trust, to act as the facility to
 bring together the capabilities to clear credit default swaps on
 a global basis. There is no guarantee that any dealers,
 including those dealers that are parties to the nonbinding
 agreement, will use our clearing solution. If our clearing
 solution through ICE Trust is not successful or if one of our
 competitors’ clearing solutions is more widely accepted
 than our solution or is mandated by government intervention, we
 may not be able to offset the additional operating cost against
 our income and may be precluded from a valuable opportunity to
 extend our participation in the CDS space.

 Regulation
 of the credit derivatives business is uncertain and such
 uncertainty, or future regulatory changes, could reduce trading
 in the credit derivatives market.

 The current regulatory environment for continued trading of CDS
 and clearing CDS is unclear and Congress may choose to enact
 additional financial market reforms in the coming months to
 broaden the purview of credit derivatives regulation. Currently,
 one bill is pending that would give jurisdiction over credit
 default swaps to the SEC and another pending bill would give
 jurisdiction to the CFTC. In addition, another bill has been
 proposed to ban market participants from engaging in a CDS
 transaction unless the participant owns the underlying bond. At
 this time, it is unclear whether any requirements or limitations
 will be adopted with respect to CDS transactions or, if so, what
 the scope or content will be. While we plan to work with all
 regulatory bodies to develop an appropriate solution to ensure
 that these markets are properly regulated, we do not know the
 form such regulation will take. More stringent regulation,
 including regulatory bans on trading, could negatively impact
 transaction volume in the CDS market, which would have a
 negative impact on Creditex’s business and, potentially,
 our clearing initiative. Additionally, the implementation of new
 regulatory requirements and processes to ensure continued
 compliance with such regulations may require us to incur
 significant compliance costs. Changes in existing regulations
 and requirements may adversely affect the conduct of
 Creditex’s business and our plans to create a clearing
 house for CDS transactions.

 45

Table of Contents

 Owning
 Creditex’s business exposes us to additional risk and
 Creditex is largely dependent on its
 broker-dealer
 clients. These clients are not restricted from transacting or
 processing CDS directly, or through their own proprietary or
 third-party platforms.

 Creditex’s business is primarily transaction based and it
 provides brokerage services to clients primarily in the form of
 agency transactions, although it also engages in a limited
 number of matched principal transactions. In agency
 transactions, customers pay transaction fees for trade execution
 services in which Creditex connects buyers and sellers who
 settle their transactions directly and for post-transactional
 processing services carried out through Creditex’s T-Zero
 subsidiaries. In matched principal transactions (also known as
 “risk-less principal” transactions), Creditex receives
 transaction fees primarily from transactions in which Creditex
 simultaneously agrees to buy instruments from one customer and
 sell them to another customer. The amount of the fee generally
 depends on the spread between the buy and sell price of the
 security that is brokered. The majority of the Creditex
 transactions are agency transactions and the matched principal
 transactions accounted for less than 1% of the total
 transactions for Creditex for the period from September 1,
 2008 to December 31, 2008. Declines in trading volumes in
 credit derivatives would adversely affect our revenues and
 profitability. We also face the risk of not being able to
 collect transaction or processing fees charged to customers for
 Creditex’s agency brokerage services and T-Zero’s
 processing services. With respect to matched principal
 transactions, we run the risk that a counterparty to a matched
 principal transaction may fail to fulfill its obligations, or
 that Creditex may face liability for an unmatched trade.

 Creditex relies to a large extent on its broker-dealer clients
 to provide liquidity on its electronic trading platform and to
 drive usage of the T-Zero trade processing platform. None of
 these broker-dealer clients is contractually or otherwise
 obligated to continue to use Creditex’s electronic trading
 or processing platforms. Creditex’s agreements with
 broker-dealers are generally not exclusive and broker-dealers
 may terminate such agreements and enter into, and in some cases
 have entered into, similar agreements with Creditex’s
 competitors. Additionally, many of Creditex’s broker-dealer
 clients are involved in other ventures, including other
 electronic trading and processing platforms, as trading
 participants or as equity holders, and such ventures or newly
 created ventures may compete with Creditex now and in the future.

 Any
 infringement by us of intellectual property rights of others
 could result in litigation and adversely affect our ability to
 continue to provide, or increase the cost of providing, our
 products and services.

 Patents and other intellectual property rights are increasingly
 important as further electronic components are added to trading,
 and patents and other intellectual property rights of third
 parties may have an important bearing on our ability to offer
 certain of our products and services. Our competitors, as well
 as other companies and individuals, may have obtained, and may
 be expected to obtain in the future, patent rights related to
 the types of products and services we offer or plan to offer. We
 cannot assure you that we are or will be aware of all patents
 that may pose a risk of infringement by our products and
 services. In addition, some patent applications in the United
 States are confidential until a patent is issued, and therefore
 we cannot evaluate the extent to which our products and services
 may be covered or asserted to be covered in pending patent
 applications. Thus, we cannot be sure that our products and
 services do not infringe on the rights of others or that others
 will not make claims of infringement against us.

 Further, our competitors may claim other intellectual property
 rights over information that is used by us in our product
 offerings. In addition, with respect to our intellectual
 property, if one or more of our products or services is found to
 infringe patents held by others, it may be required to stop
 developing or marketing the products or services, obtain
 licenses to develop and market the products or services from the
 holders of the patents or redesign the products or services in
 such a way as to avoid infringing the patents. We also could be
 required to pay damages if we were found to infringe patents
 held by others, which could materially adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and operating results. We cannot
 assess the extent to which we may be required in the future to
 obtain licenses with respect to patents held by others, whether
 such licenses would be available or, if available, whether it
 would be able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable
 terms. If we were unable to obtain such licenses, we may not be
 able to redesign our products or services at a reasonable cost
 to avoid infringement, which could materially adversely affect
 our business, financial condition and operating results.

 46

Table of Contents

 Some
 of the proprietary technology we employ may be vulnerable to
 infringement by others.

 Our business is dependent on proprietary technology and other
 intellectual property that we own or license from third parties.
 Despite precautions we have taken or may take to protect our
 intellectual property rights, third parties could copy or
 otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology without
 authorization. It may be difficult for us to monitor
 unauthorized use of our intellectual property. We cannot assure
 you that the steps that we have taken will prevent
 misappropriation of our proprietary technology or intellectual
 property.

 We have filed patent applications in the United States and in
 other jurisdictions on a number of aspects of our electronic
 trading system and trade confirmation systems. In addition, we
 have licenses under two U.S. patents for trading energy,
 and two joint U.S. patents with NYMEX covering an implied
 market trading system. We have also filed patent applications on
 certain aspects of our electronic trading and trade confirmation
 systems in the European Patent Office and Canada. We cannot
 assure you that we will obtain any final patents covering these
 services, nor can we predict the scope of any patents issued. In
 addition, we cannot assure you that any patent issued will be
 effective to protect this intellectual property against
 misappropriation. Third parties in Europe or elsewhere could
 acquire patents covering this or other intellectual property for
 which we obtain patents in the United States, or equivalent
 intellectual property, as a result of differences in local laws
 affecting patentability and patent validity. Third parties in
 other jurisdictions might also misappropriate our intellectual
 property rights with impunity if intellectual property
 protection laws are not actively enforced in those
 jurisdictions. Patent infringement
 and/or the
 grant of parallel patents would erode the value of our
 intellectual property.

 We have secured trademark registrations for
 “IntercontinentalExchange” and “ICE” from
 the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and from relevant
 agencies in Europe, as appropriate, with “ICE” also
 being registered in Singapore, as well as registrations for
 other trademarks used in our business. We also have several
 U.S. and foreign applications pending for other trademarks
 used in our business. We cannot assure you that any of these
 marks for which applications are pending will be registered.

 In addition, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our
 intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, and
 determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property
 rights of others or defend ourselves from claims of
 infringement. We may not receive an adequate remedy for any
 infringement of our intellectual property rights, and we may
 incur substantial costs and diversion of resources and the
 attention of management as a result of litigation, even if we
 prevail. As a result, we may choose not to enforce our infringed
 intellectual property rights, depending on our strategic
 evaluation and judgment regarding the best use of our resources,
 the relative strength of our intellectual property portfolio and
 the recourse available to us.

 Reductions
 in our exchange fee rates or commission rates resulting from
 competitive pressures could lower our revenues and
 profitability.

 We may experience pressure on our exchange fee rates and
 commission rates as a result of competition we face in our
 futures and OTC markets. Some of our competitors offer a broader
 range of products and services to a larger participant base, and
 enjoy higher trading volumes, than we do. Consequently, our
 competitors may be able and willing to offer commodity trading
 services at lower commission rates than we currently offer or
 may be able to offer. As a result of this pricing competition,
 we could lose both market share and revenues. We believe that
 any downward pressure on commission rates would likely continue
 and intensify as we continue to develop our business and gain
 recognition in our markets. A decline in commission rates could
 lower our revenues, which would adversely affect our
 profitability. In addition, our competitors may offer other
 financial incentives such as rebates or payments in order to
 induce trading in their markets, rather than in our markets.

 We
 rely on specialized management and employees, including
 professionals in our clearing house and brokerage business, and
 our business may be harmed if we fail to retain these
 professionals or attract new ones.

 Our future success depends, in part, upon the continued
 contributions of our executive officers and key employees whom
 we rely on for executing our business strategy and identifying
 new strategic initiatives. Some

 47

Table of Contents

 of these individuals have significant experience in the
 commodities trading industry and financial services markets
 generally, and possess extensive technology skills and a deep
 understanding of how various businesses operate. Some of these
 individuals work on our technology team or are involved with our
 clearing house operations.

 In addition, since many products and less liquid market segments
 in the credit derivatives market are still predominantly
 transacted by voice brokers, our Creditex subsidiary provides
 voice-brokered execution services in addition to its electronic
 execution platform. Many brokers have extensive institutional
 knowledge of Creditex’s services, products, markets and
 client base and have long-standing relationships with particular
 clients. Therefore, the hiring of such brokers by other firms
 could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Because of intense
 competition for specialized brokerage services, we face the risk
 that competitors will hire Creditex employees. Creditex has been
 a party to claims and litigation arising from the departure of
 brokers and other personnel to competing firms, and relating to
 new Creditex employee hires. We face the risk of such claims in
 the future, and may incur substantial legal fees and expend
 significant management resources in pursuing or defending such
 claims.

 Competition in our industry for persons with trading industry or
 technology expertise is intense. If any of our specialized
 management or other professionals were to leave, we cannot
 assure you that we would be able to find appropriate
 replacements for these key personnel in a timely manner.
 Further, we may have to incur significant costs to replace key
 employees who leave.

 We
 rely on third party providers and other suppliers for a number
 of services that are important to our business. An interruption
 or cessation of an important service or supply by any third
 party could have a material adverse effect on our
 business.

 We depend on a number of suppliers, such as online service
 providers, hosting service and software providers, data
 processors, software and hardware vendors, banks, and telephone
 companies, for elements of our trading, clearing and other
 systems. Moreover, the general trend toward industry
 consolidation may increase the risk that these services may not
 be available to us in the future. We also rely on access to
 certain data used in our business through licenses with third
 parties and we rely on a large international telecommunications
 company for the provision of hosting services. If these
 companies were to discontinue providing services to us, we would
 likely experience significant disruption to our business.

 We cannot assure you that any of these providers will be able to
 continue to provide these services in an efficient,
 cost-effective manner or that they will be able to adequately
 expand their services to meet our needs. We also cannot assure
 you that any of these providers will not terminate our business
 relationship with us for competitive reasons or otherwise. An
 interruption in or the cessation of an important service or
 supply by any third party and our inability to make alternative
 arrangements in a timely manner, or at all, would result in lost
 revenues and higher costs.

 In addition, participants trading on our electronic platform may
 access it through 37 ISVs, which represent a substantial portion
 of the ISVs that serve the commodities markets. The loss of a
 significant number of ISVs providing access could make our
 platform less attractive to participants who prefer this form of
 access.

 We are
 subject to significant litigation and liability
 risks.

 Many aspects of our business, and the businesses of our
 participants, involve substantial risks of liability. These
 risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes
 over terms of a trade and the claim that a system failure or
 delay caused monetary loss to a participant or that an
 unauthorized trade occurred. For example, dissatisfied
 participants that have traded on our electronic platform or
 those on whose behalf such participants have traded, may make
 claims regarding the quality of trade execution, or alleged
 improperly confirmed or settled trades, abusive trading
 practices, security and confidentiality breaches, mismanagement
 or even fraud against us or our participants. In addition,
 because of the ease and speed with which sizable trades can be
 executed on our electronic platform, participants can lose
 substantial amounts by inadvertently entering

 48

Table of Contents

 trade orders or by entering them inaccurately. A large number of
 significant error trades could result in participant
 dissatisfaction and a decline in participant willingness to
 trade in our electronic markets.

 Our
 compliance and risk management methods might not be effective
 and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our
 financial condition and operating results.

 Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely
 dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance,
 audit and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract
 and retain qualified compliance and other risk management
 personnel. Our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and
 manage risks may not be fully effective. Management of
 operational, legal and regulatory risk requires, among other
 things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a
 large number of transactions and events. We cannot assure you
 that our policies and procedures will always be effective or
 that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating
 the risks to which we are or may be exposed.

 In addition, our regulators have broad enforcement powers to
 censure, fine, issue
 cease-and-desist
 orders or prohibit us from engaging in some of our businesses.
 Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely
 dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance,
 audit and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract
 and retain qualified compliance and other risk management
 personnel. We face the risk of significant intervention by
 regulatory authorities, including extensive examination and
 surveillance activity. In the case of non-compliance or alleged
 non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we could be
 subject to investigations and proceedings that may result in
 substantial penalties or civil lawsuits, including by customers,
 for damages which can be significant. Any of these outcomes
 would adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and
 operating results. In extreme cases, these outcomes could
 adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.