You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as other information contained in or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties
described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect us. Other risks and uncertainties that we do not presently consider to be material or of which we are not presently aware may become important factors that affect our company
in the future. If any of the risks discussed below actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Since our business is primarily transaction-based and dependent on trading volumes, the conditions in global financial markets and new laws and regulations as a result of such conditions may
adversely affect our trading volumes and market liquidity. 

Our business is primarily transaction-based, and declines
in trading volumes and market liquidity would adversely affect our business and profitability. We earn transaction fees for transactions executed and cleared in our markets and from the provision of electronic trade confirmation services. We
derived 89%, 89% and 85% of our consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, from our transaction-based business. The success of our business depends on our ability to maintain and increase our
trading volumes and the resulting transaction and clearing fees. 

Over the last few years, global financial markets have
experienced significant and adverse conditions as a result of the financial crisis, including a freezing of credit, substantially increased volatility, outflows of customer funds and investments, uncertain regulatory and legislative changes, losses
resulting from lower asset values, defaults on loans and reduced liquidity. Many of the financial services firms that have been adversely impacted by the financial crisis are active participants in our markets. The trading volumes in our markets
could decline substantially if our market participants reduce their level of trading activity for any reason, such as: 

•

 a reduction in the number of market participants that use our platform; 

•

 a reduction in trading demand by customers or a decision to curtail or cease hedging or speculative trading; 

•

 regulatory or legislative changes that result in reduced trading activity, including additional regulation of swap participants and swap dealers,
reduction in proprietary trading by banks and the potential decrease in trading activity in energy markets caused by the imposition of position limits; 

41 

Table of Contents

•

 heightened capital maintenance requirements resulting from new regulation or mandated reductions in existing leverage; 

•

 reduced access to capital required to fund trading activities; 

•

 significant defaults by issuers of debt leading to market disruption or a lack of confidence in the market’s ability to process such defaults; or

•

 increased instances of counterparty failure or the inability of CDS protection sellers to pay out contractual obligations upon the occurrence of a
credit event. 

A reduction in our overall trading volume would reduce our revenue and could also render our
markets less attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity, which could result in further loss of trading volume and associated transaction-based revenues. Accordingly, any reduction in trading volumes or market liquidity could have a
material adverse affect on our business and financial results. 

Further, our clearing houses maintain funds with various banks
and if one or more of these banks fail, our clearing houses may be at risk to cover the amounts that were on deposit with the failed bank. The amounts that our clearing houses have on deposit with third party banks at any time may be substantial and
there is no assurance that the clearing houses will be able to recover the full amount of such deposits or that, in circumstances where clearing houses have not recovered the full amount of such deposits, they will be able to cover the amounts
required to settle transactions and continue their operations. The default of a bank that holds deposits from our clearing houses could cause our customers to lose confidence in our markets and the ability of our clearing houses to continue to act
as central counterparties, which would have a material adverse affect on our trading markets and our business as a whole. 

Our business and operating results depend in large part on volatility in commodity prices generally and energy markets in
particular and may be adversely impacted by domestic and international economic conditions. 

Participants in the
markets for energy and agricultural commodities trading pursue a range of trading strategies. While some participants trade in order to satisfy physical consumption needs, others seek to hedge contractual price risk or take speculative or arbitrage
positions, seeking returns from price movements in different markets. Trading volume is driven primarily by the degree of volatility — the magnitude and frequency of fluctuations — in prices of commodities. Volatility increases the need to
hedge contractual price risk and creates opportunities for speculative or arbitrage trading. Were there to be a sustained period of stability in the prices of commodities, we could experience lower trading volumes, slower growth or declines in
revenues. In addition, a number of factors beyond our control may contribute to substantial fluctuations in our operating results. 

Factors that are particularly likely to affect price volatility and price levels, and thus trading volumes and our operating results, include: 

•

 global and domestic economic, political and market conditions; 

•

 seasonality and weather conditions, including hurricanes and other significant weather events, and unnatural disasters like large oil spills, that
impact the production of commodities, and, in the case of energy commodities, production, refining and distribution facilities for oil and natural gas; 

•

 real and perceived supply and demand imbalances in the commodities underlying our products, particularly energy and agricultural products;

42 

Table of Contents

•

 war and acts of terrorism; 

•

 legislative and regulatory changes; 

•

 credit quality of market participants and the availability of capital; 

•

 changes in the average rate per contract that we charge for trading or the amounts we charge for market data; 

•

 the number of trading days in a quarter; 

•

 broad trends in industry and finance, including consolidation in our industry, and the level and volatility of interest rates, fluctuating exchange
rates, our hedging actions, and currency values; and 

•

 concerns over inflation and deflation. 

Any one or more of these factors may reduce trading activity, which could reduce liquidity — the ability to find ready buyers and sellers at current prices — which in turn could further
discourage existing and potential market participants and thus accelerate any decline in the level of trading activity in these markets. In these circumstances, the markets with the highest trading volumes, and therefore the most liquidity, would
likely have a competitive advantage over other markets. A significant decline in our trading volumes due to reduced volatility, lower prices or any other factor, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues since our transaction fees would
decline and on our profitability since our revenues would decline faster than our expenses, some of which are fixed. Moreover, if these unfavorable conditions were to persist over a lengthy period of time and trading volumes were to decline
substantially and for a long enough period, the liquidity of our markets, and the critical mass of transaction volume necessary to support viable markets, could be jeopardized. 

Our revenues depend heavily upon trading volume in the markets for ICE Brent Crude and OTC North American natural gas. A decline in
volume or in our market share in these contracts would jeopardize our ability to remain profitable and grow. 

Our
revenues currently depend heavily on trading volume in the markets for ICE Brent Crude futures contracts and OTC North American natural gas contracts. Trading in these contracts in the aggregate has represented 32%, 30% and 37% of our
consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. While the percentage of total trading volume for these two contracts has decreased slightly since 2008, the actual trading volume for each of the two
contracts has grown annually over the last three years. The percentage of total trading volume has decreased primarily due to our expansion into new contracts and markets and due to our acquisitions and the associated increase in other revenues. A
decline in the total trading volume in these contracts would have a material negative impact on our operating results and profitability. 

The derivatives and energy commodities trading industry has been and continues to be subject to increased legislative and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of changes to our regulatory
environment and business in the future, which may reduce our trading volumes or increase our cost of doing business. 

President Obama signed the Financial Reform Act on July 21, 2010. The Financial Reform Act was passed in response to the recent financial
crisis and recession and is the most sweeping change to financial regulation in the U.S. since the Great Depression. The Financial Reform Act requires hundreds of rules to be promulgated by various Federal agencies, as well as many reports and
studies to be conducted. Depending on the outcome of the final rules, we may be required to change the way we operate our business, including the way we offer contracts for trading, clear contracts and sell data. Please see “Item 1 –
Business – Regulation” above for additional information regarding new laws and regulations that impact our business. 

43 

Table of Contents

Providing facilities to trade financial derivatives and energy products is one of our core
businesses and the Financial Reform Act will impact many aspects of our business. There are currently many regulatory proposals outstanding and additional bills or regulatory changes may be introduced in the future that target our markets and our
futures and OTC market participants. With the passage of the Financial Reform Act, OTC platforms will have to register with the CFTC or the SEC (for security-based OTC trades) as swaps execution facilities. A swaps execution facility would be
subject to a set of core principles similar to a futures market. These core principles would require market monitoring and position limits, among other things. In addition, pursuant to rules proposed by the CFTC and the SEC, many derivatives market
participants will have to register as swap dealers or major swap participants. Registration as a swap dealer or a major swap participant will subject these participants to greater regulation, including business conduct standards, record-keeping
requirements and capital requirements, which may result in some of these participants leaving our markets. 

As a result of the
Financial Reform Act, certain of our businesses will need to register as a swap execution facility or designated clearing agency and the registration and additional oversight of these businesses will increase the costs of our operations and the
costs to our market participants. Our OTC energy platform already meets many of what we believe will be the swap execution facility obligations through our compliance with the significant price discovery contract provisions of the 2008 Farm Bill
with respect to the majority of the contracts traded in our OTC markets by volume. However, other markets traded on our energy swaps trading platform will have to be operated differently as a swap execution facility, and other parts of our business,
including Creditex, our CDS business, will likely be required to be registered as swap execution facilities and become subject to a higher level of regulation. This additional regulation will increase the cost of operating our business and the cost
of using our markets for our market participants. 

An additional example of the impact of the Financial Reform Act include a
CFTC proposed rule to modify position limits for our WTI crude oil, Henry Hub natural gas, RBOB gasoline, coffee, cocoa, sugar, and heating oil contracts. The new rules, if adopted, will operate in two phases. The first phase will place position
limits on contacts in the spot month, much like the manner in which exchanges today place position limits on contracts during the expiration period and accountability levels, which are more flexible than position limits, in other months. However,
spot month position limits will be aggregated across exchanges, which will limit the total amount of contracts a trader can hold to contract expiration compared to our existing position limits. In the second phase, the proposed rules will place
aggregate hard position limits across all contract months on all trading venues trading economically equivalent contracts. Contracts will be aggregated across exchanges into two classes: (i) futures and options and (ii) swaps, including uncleared
swaps. There will be limits within a class (futures in one class and swaps in another class) and limits across classes (futures and swaps combined). Currently, our energy contracts are not subject to all month position limits and are only subject to
position limits in the final three days of the delivery month. Foreign boards of trade, such as ICE Futures Europe, that list contracts that settle on the settlement price of a domestic designated contract market, would be subject to similar
requirements and limitations for U.S. linked contracts. While position limits currently apply to our U.S.-linked contracts traded on ICE Futures Europe and to our OTC contracts deemed to be significant price discovery contracts, should the CFTC set
the position limits and limit hedge exemptions in a manner that unduly limits the hedging or trading ability of our participants, trading volume may shift away from our markets to areas outside the present jurisdictional reach of the CFTC and
trading volumes and liquidity in our markets may be adversely impacted. In addition, the United Kingdom and European Union authorities are considering requiring position limits on traded products that could impact trading on ICE Futures Europe.

The Financial Reform Act also calls for the real time public reporting of OTC derivatives transactions. ICE currently sells
its OTC data and a requirement to publicly report derivatives transactions could impact the revenue we derive from selling this data. In addition, the Financial Reform Act mandates clearing of most OTC derivatives and we operate an electronic trade
confirmation business, eConfirm, that derives revenues from electronically confirming bilateral OTC transactions. Given that the number of bilateral OTC transactions will decrease as a result of the Financial Reform Act and that the proposed rules
provide that any swap executed on a swap execution facility platform would be deemed “confirmed”, eConfirm’s business, and the revenue we 

44 

Table of Contents

receive from eConfirm, could be materially impacted. Further, the Volker Rule and swaps push out provisions require certain of our market participants to make major changes to their business
models, including, in some cases, the potential termination of some trading activities or divestiture of certain trading operations. Given the higher regulatory requirements, participants could migrate away from transacting in swaps to other
derivatives, such as futures, that will not subject them to the more stringent regulatory requirements governing major market participants that trade swaps. 

Finally, allegations of manipulative trading by market participants or the failure of industry participants could subject us, our markets or our industry to further regulatory scrutiny, possible fines or
restrictions, as well as significant legal expenses and adverse publicity. In addition, increased regulation could materially adversely affect our business by limiting the amount of trading that is conducted in our markets. 

We are currently subject to regulation in multiple jurisdictions. Failure to comply with existing regulatory requirements, and
possible future changes in these requirements or in the current interpretation of these requirements, could adversely affect our business. 

Financial reform initiatives are occurring globally and we operate in many jurisdictions. ICE Futures Europe, through which we conduct our energy futures business, operates as a Recognized Investment
Exchange in the United Kingdom. As a Recognized Investment Exchange, ICE Futures Europe has regulatory responsibility in its own right and is subject to supervision by the FSA pursuant to the FSMA. ICE Futures Europe is required under the FSMA to
maintain sufficient financial resources, adequate systems and controls and effective arrangements for monitoring and disciplining its members. Likewise, ICE Futures U.S. operates as a designated contract market and as a self-regulatory organization.
ICE Futures U.S. is responsible for ensuring that the exchange operates in accordance with existing rules and regulations, and must comply with eighteen core principles under the Commodity Exchange Act. The ability of ICE Futures Europe and ICE
Futures U.S. to comply with all applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on its maintenance of compliance, surveillance, audit and reporting systems. We cannot assure you that these systems and procedures are fully effective. Failure to comply
with current regulatory requirements and regulatory requirements that may be imposed on us in the future could subject us to significant penalties, including termination of our ability to conduct our regulated energy futures business through ICE
Futures Europe and our regulated agricultural commodities, equity index and currency businesses through ICE Futures U.S. 

Electronic trading in our energy futures contracts on ICE Futures Europe is permitted in many jurisdictions around the world, including
in the United States, through “no action” relief from the local jurisdiction’s regulator. In the United States, direct electronic access to trading in ICE Futures Europe and ICE Futures Canada products is offered to U.S. persons based
on a series of no action letters from the CFTC that permit non-U.S. exchanges, referred to as foreign boards of trade, to provide U.S. persons with electronic access to their markets without registration with the CFTC as a U.S. regulated exchange.
The CFTC is proposing to end the no action regime and require foreign boards of trade to register with the CFTC, which could impose additional regulatory burdens and costs on our operation at ICE Futures Europe and ICE Futures Canada. 

Similarly, electronic trading in ICE Futures U.S. contracts is permitted in many jurisdictions through no action relief from the local
jurisdiction’s regulatory requirements. The ability of ICE Futures U.S. to offer trading in these futures products in multiple jurisdictions will be dependent upon its ability to comply with the existing conditions of its no action relief in
various jurisdictions and any new conditions that may be added. 

The implementation of new legislation or regulations, or
changes in or unfavorable interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulatory bodies, could require us to incur significant compliance costs and impede our ability to operate, expand and enhance our electronic platform as necessary to
remain competitive and grow our business. Regulatory changes inside or outside the United States or the United Kingdom could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

45 

Table of Contents

Possible future rules and regulations regarding the operation of our clearing houses
may have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business by preventing us from realizing the full economic benefits of operating our clearing houses. 

Our clearing houses manage risks and we have developed comprehensive risk management strategies. In the proposed rules that implement the Financial Reform Act, the CFTC may attempt to increase competition
in clearing by making various changes, including the manner in which we operate our clearing houses, such as determining who qualifies as a clearing member and implementing different risk management standards. These changes could impair the
effectiveness and profitability of our clearing houses. 

For example, the Financial Reform Act has an open access provision
that would require a clearing house to accept swaps that originate from any swap execution facility if the clearing house already accepts the swap for clearing. Requiring a clearing house to accept and clear trades executed on an unrelated trading
facility would expose our clearing house to trades that we may not have the same level of confidence compared to a trade that had been executed on our trading facility. Further, clearing trades from other trading facilities could make it more
difficult to track positions and counterparty risk exposure, which will make the operation of our clearing houses riskier and more difficult since there will need to be common rules and margin requirements as well as more information sharing between
competing clearing houses. Finally, the open access provisions could diminish the value of our OTC swaps execution platform by enabling competing electronic venues to submit trades to our clearing houses for clearing. Also, our clearing houses will
have less control over the decision of whether to accept and clear trades from various execution facilities. 

The CFTC
recently proposed to require clearing houses to lower their capital requirements for clearing members to $50 million in adjusted net capital. While lowering the capital requirements for members to join a clearing house may increase the number of
clearing members in a clearing house, such a regulatory change may force our clearing houses to include clearing members that would not have otherwise satisfied the risk profile that we impose on existing clearing members, thereby increasing the
likelihood of a default by a clearing member. Also, if regulatory considerations override our existing core risk management processes, margin parameters could be set too low, which could result in a clearing house holding insufficient margin funds
to cover the cost of a default and thus exposing its guaranty fund to claims. In addition, the CFTC has proposed rules that would mandate new requirements regarding the financial resources that a clearing house must hold as regulatory capital and
that would require registration in the U.S. as a futures commission merchant to clear certain contracts. These requirements may prove to be too onerous for some of our existing clearing members. 

Finally, the CFTC has proposed rules to require OTC market participants trading on a swap execution facility to post sufficient margin to
cover liquidating their position over a five day period rather than a one day period as is applicable to futures. While ICE Trust currently has a five day margin requirement, ICE Clear Europe (like most other clearing houses) requires one days worth
of margin for our OTC energy business. If the CFTC adopts this requirement in final rules, it will make clearing swaps more expensive for market participants which could negatively impact the revenue we generate from our clearing operations or bias
business to futures markets. 

We face intense competition that could materially and adversely affect our business. If we
are not able to compete successfully, our business will be adversely impacted. 

The global derivatives industry has
grown more competitive in the recent past and we face intense competition in all aspects of our business. We believe competition in our industry is based on a number of important factors including, but not limited to, market liquidity, transparency,
technology advancements, platform speed and reliability, regulatory differences, new product offerings, pricing and risk management capabilities. 

Our competitors, both domestic and international, are numerous. We currently compete with: 

•

 regulated, diversified futures exchanges globally that offer trading in a variety of asset classes similar to those offered by us such as energy,
agriculture, equity index, credit markets and foreign exchange; 

46 

Table of Contents

•

 voice brokers active in the global commodities and credit markets; 

•

 existing and newly formed electronic trading platforms, service providers and other exchanges for OTC markets; 

•

 other clearing houses; 

•

 inter-dealer brokers; and 

•

 market data and information vendors. 

In addition, in the future we may be forced to compete with consortiums of our customers that may pool their trading activity to establish new exchanges, trading platforms or clearing facilities.

Competition in the market for derivatives trading and clearing has intensified and become more global in connection with the
increase in electronic trading platforms and the desire by existing exchanges to diversify their product offerings. Further, a regional exchange in an emerging market country, such as India or China, or a producer country, could attract enough
trading activity to compete with our benchmark products. A decline in our fees due to competitive pressure, the inability to successfully launch new products or the loss of customers due to competition could lower our revenues, which would adversely
affect our profitability. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to expand our product offerings, or that we will be able to retain our current customers or attract new customers. If we are not able to compete successfully our
business could be materially impacted, including our ability to sustain as an operating entity. 

We intend to continue
offering new products and to explore acquisition opportunities and strategic alliances relating to other businesses, products or technologies, which will involve risks. We may not be successful in identifying opportunities or integrating other
businesses, products or technologies successfully with our business. Any such transaction also may not produce the results we anticipate. 

We intend to launch new products and continue to explore and pursue acquisition and other opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. We may enter into business combination
transactions, make acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships, joint ventures or alliances, any of which may be material and will involve risks. Further, we may spend substantial time and money developing new product offerings or improving
current product offerings. If these product offerings are not successful, we may miss a potential market opportunity and not be able to offset the costs of such initiatives. 

The market for acquisition targets and strategic alliances is highly competitive, particularly in light of consolidation in the exchange and clearing sector. As a result, we may be unable to identify
strategic opportunities or we may be unable to negotiate or finance any future acquisition successfully. Further, our competitors could merge, making it more difficult for us to find appropriate entities to acquire or merge with and making it more
difficult to compete in our industry due to the increased resources of our merged competitors. If we are required to raise capital by incurring additional debt or issuing additional equity for any reason in connection with a strategic acquisition or
investment, we cannot assure you that any such financing will be available or that the terms of such financing will be favorable to us. 

Also, offering new products and pursuing acquisitions requires substantial time and attention of the management team, which could prevent the management team from successfully overseeing other
initiatives. As a result of any future acquisition, we may issue additional shares of our common stock that dilute shareholders’ ownership interest in us, expend cash, incur debt, assume contingent liabilities, inherit existing or pending
litigation or create additional expenses related to amortizing intangible assets with estimable useful lives, any of which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations and negatively impact our stock price. 

47 

Table of Contents

We may fail to realize the anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities and
synergies and other benefits anticipated from our mergers and acquisitions, strategic joint ventures or investments, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

The success of our mergers and acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated synergies and growth
opportunities, as well as our expected cost savings and revenue growth trends. In general, we expect to benefit from operational synergies resulting from the consolidation of capabilities and elimination of redundancies in our mergers and
acquisitions. However, the process of integration may produce unforeseen regulatory and operating difficulties and expenditures and may divert the attention of management from the ongoing operation of our business. 

Integration of companies acquired is complex and time consuming, and requires substantial resources and effort. The integration process
and other disruptions resulting from the mergers or acquisitions may disrupt each company’s ongoing businesses or cause inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our relationships with market
participants, employees, regulators and others with whom we have business or other dealings or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger or acquisition. We may not successfully achieve the integration objectives, and we may not
realize the anticipated cost savings, revenue growth and synergies in full or at all, or it may take longer to realize them than expected. 

We may not realize anticipated growth opportunities and other benefits from strategic investments or strategic joint ventures that we have entered into or may enter into in the future for a number of
reasons, including regulatory or government approvals or changes, global market changes, contractual obligations, competing products and, in some instances, our lack of or limited control over the management of the business. Further, strategic
initiatives that have historically been successful may not continue to be successful due to competitive threats, changing market conditions or the inability for the parties to extend the relationship into the future. 

We may be required to recognize impairments of our goodwill, other intangible assets or investments, which could adversely affect
our results of operations or financial condition. 

The determination of the value of goodwill and other intangible
assets with respect to our acquisitions and other investments requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements. We assess goodwill, other intangible assets and other investments for impairment
by applying a fair-value based test looking at historical performance, capital requirements and projected cash flows on an annual basis or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. In the fourth quarter of 2008 and the second quarter of
2009, we recorded a pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge of $15.7 million and $9.3 million, respectively, on our investment in the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange, Ltd., or NCDEX. 

We cannot assure you that we will not experience future events that result in similar and additional impairments. An impairment of the
value of our existing goodwill, other intangible assets and other investments could have a significant negative impact on our future operating results. For additional information on the NCDEX impairment charges and other impairment charges, refer to
notes 6 and 8 to our consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our cost structure is largely fixed. If our revenues decline and we are unable to reduce our costs, or if our expenses increase without a corresponding increase in revenues, our profitability will
be adversely affected. 

Our cost structure is largely fixed and we expect that it will continue to be largely fixed in
the foreseeable future. We base our expectations of our cost structure on historical and expected levels of demand for our products and services as well as our fixed operating infrastructure, such as computer hardware and software, leases,
hosting facilities and security and staffing levels. If demand for our current products and services decline, 

48 

Table of Contents

our revenues will decline. If demand for future products that we acquire or license is not to the level necessary to offset the cost of the acquisition or license, our net income would
decline. For example, we have incurred significant costs to secure the exclusive license with Russell for listing Russell’s Index futures, the costs of which is being amortized over the next several years. If our clearing
and execution fees for the Russell Index futures is not sufficient to offset the amortization costs, our net income will decrease. Further, we have to achieve certain volume levels to maintain exclusivity with respect to our licensing agreement
with Russell and the failure to do so could materially impact the value we receive from the Russell investment. We may not be able to adjust our cost structure, at all or on a timely basis, to counteract a decrease in revenues or net income, which
would adversely impact our revenues. 

Owning clearing houses exposes us to risks, including the risk of defaults by
clearing members clearing trades through our clearing houses, risks regarding investing the funds in the guaranty fund and held as security for original margin, and risks related to the cost of operating the clearing houses. 

Operating clearing houses requires material ongoing expenditures and exposes us to various risks. Our operation of clearing houses
may not be as successful and may not provide us with the benefits we anticipate. In addition, our operation of these clearing houses may not generate sufficient revenues to cover the expenses we incur. 

There are risks inherent in operating a clearing house, including exposure to the market and counterparty risk of clearing members,
defaults by clearing members and providing a return to the clearing members on the funds invested by the clearing houses, which could subject our business to substantial losses. For example, clearing members have placed an aggregate of cash in
ICE Clear Europe relating to margin requirements and funding the guaranty fund of $13.7 billion as of December 31, 2010 and a total of $22.7 billion for all of our clearing houses. For ICE Clear Europe, these funds are swept and invested
daily by JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. in accordance with our clearing house investment guidelines. Our clearing houses have an obligation to return margin payments and guaranty fund contributions to clearing members once the relevant clearing
member’s exposure to the clearing house no longer exists. In addition, ICE Clear Europe must provide an interest yield to clearing members in respect of margin and guaranty fund contributions lodged with the clearing house. If the
investment principal amount decreases in value, ICE Clear Europe will be liable for the shortfall. Further, if the number of large well capitalized banks that are clearing members decreases, the concentration of risks within our clearing houses will
be spread among a smaller pool of clearing members. 

Although our clearing houses have policies and procedures to help ensure
that clearing members can satisfy their obligations, such policies and procedures may not succeed in preventing losses after a counterparty’s default. We cannot assure you that these measures and safeguards will be sufficient to protect us from
a default or that we will not be materially and adversely affected in the event of a significant default. We have contributed our own capital to the guaranty fund of the clearing houses that could be used in the event of a default where the
defaulting trader’s margins, the defaulting clearing participant’s margins, the defaulting clearing participant’s guaranty fund contributions and non-defaulting clients net funds of the clearing participant are not sufficient to cover
the default. Furthermore, the default of any one of the clearing members could subject our business to substantial losses and cause our customers to lose confidence in the guarantee of our clearing houses. 

If we are unable to keep up with rapid changes in technology and participant preferences, we may not be able to compete
effectively. 

To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality,
accessibility and reliability of our electronic platforms and our proprietary technology. The financial services industry is characterized by rapid technological change, change in use patterns, change in client preferences, frequent product and
service introductions and the emergence of new industry standards and practices. These changes could render our existing proprietary technology uncompetitive or obsolete. Our ability to pursue our

49 

Table of Contents

strategic objectives, including increasing trading volumes on our trading platforms, as well as our ability to continue to grow our business, will depend, in part, on our ability to: 

•

 enhance our existing services and maintain and improve the functionality and reliability of our electronic platform, in particular, reducing network
downtime or disruptions; 

•

 develop or license new technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our participants; 

•

 increase trading and clearing system functionality to support future growth; 

•

 anticipate and respond to technological advances and emerging industry practices on a cost-effective and timely basis; and

•

 continue to attract and retain highly skilled technology staff to maintain and develop our existing technology and to adapt to and manage emerging
technologies while attempting to keep our employee headcount low. 

We cannot assure you that we will
successfully implement new technologies or adapt our proprietary technology to our participants’ requirements or emerging industry standards in a timely and cost-effective manner. Any failure to remain abreast of industry standards in
technology and to be responsive to participant preferences could cause our market share to decline and negatively impact our revenues. 

Our business may be harmed by computer and communications systems failures and delays. 

We support and maintain many of the systems that comprise our electronic platforms. Our failure to monitor or maintain these systems, or to find replacements for defective components within a system in a
timely and cost-effective manner when necessary, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. Although we fully replicate our primary data center, our redundant systems or disaster recovery plans may prove to be
inadequate. Our systems, or those of our third party providers, may fail or be shutdown or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing one or more of the following: 

•

 unanticipated disruption in service to our participants; 

•

 slower response time and delays in our participants’ trade execution and processing; 

•

 failed settlement by participants to whom we provide trade confirmation or clearing services; 

•

 incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades; 

•

 failure to complete the clearing house margin settlement process resulting in significant financial risk; 

•

 our distribution of inaccurate or untimely market data to participants who rely on this data in their trading activity; and

•

 financial loss. 

We could experience system failures due to power or telecommunications failures, human error on our part or on the part of our vendors or participants, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or
software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism or terrorism and similar events. In these instances, our disaster recovery plan may prove ineffective. If any one or more of these situations were to arise, they could
result in damage to our business reputation, participant dissatisfaction with our electronic platform, prompting participants to trade elsewhere, or exposure to litigation or regulatory sanctions. As a consequence, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could suffer materially. 

50 

Table of Contents

Our regulated business operations generally require that our trade execution and
communications systems be able to handle anticipated present and future peak trading volume. Heavy use of computer systems during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility could cause those systems to operate slowly or even to fail
for periods of time. However, we cannot assure you that our estimates of future trading volume will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume without failure or degradation of performance. 

Although many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional volume and products and services without redesign or replacement, we
will need to continue to make significant investments in additional hardware and software and telecommunications infrastructure to accommodate the increases in volume of order and trading transaction traffic and to provide processing and clearing
services to third parties. If we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be
adversely affected. 

Our systems and those of our third party service providers may be vulnerable to security risks,
which could result in wrongful use of our information, or which could make our participants reluctant to use our electronic platform. 

We regard the secure transmission of confidential information on our electronic platforms as a critical element of our operations. Our networks and those of our participants, our third party service
providers and external market infrastructures, may, however, be vulnerable to unauthorized access, fraud, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, firewall or encryption failures and other security problems. Recently, alleged phishing and
hacking incidents have resulted in unauthorized transfers of certain affected European Union emissions allowances, or EUAs from accounts in various European registries. The affected EUAs have been transferred between registry accounts and eventually
some affected EUAs were delivered by clearing members to the clearing house’s registered accounts in the U.K. pursuant to delivery obligations under relevant ICE Futures Europe contracts. Further, some affected EUAs were delivered to ICE Clear
Europe’s registered accounts in the U.K. as collateral. Separately, on January 19, 2011, the European Commission suspended all transactions in registries in the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme except for allocation and surrender of
allowances as a transitional measure in view of recurring security breaches in relevant national registries. In addition, ICE Futures Europe suspended trading in its daily emissions futures markets on January 19, 2011 and such suspension is still in
effect as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While this suspension has not extended beyond the daily market, it could eventually apply to our futures emission contracts that settle on a quarterly basis. While these incidents have not to
date resulted in material liability to our clearing houses, these or more severe instances of such circumstances in the future could cause our participants to lose confidence in the emissions market and they could reduce or stop their trading
activity, which would have a negative impact on our business. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect our business and our participants against the threat of security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security
breaches. We are also aware of litigation between some market participants and it is possible that we could be enjoined in such litigation in the future. Although we intend to continue to implement industry standard security measures ourselves and
are requiring additional collateral, we cannot assure you that those measures will be sufficient to protect our business against losses or any reduced trading volume incurred in our markets as a result of any breaches in registry security in the
European Union Emissions Trading Scheme or concerns around such security issues. Further, other underlying instruments of derivatives we clear may face similar problems in the future. 

Regulation of the OTC business is uncertain and such uncertainty, or future regulatory changes, could reduce trading in the credit
derivatives market. 

The current regulatory environment for trading of OTC energy and credit products is unclear and
regulators in the U.S. and Europe may choose to enact additional financial market reforms in the coming months to broaden the purview of regulation and alter the mix of regulators that oversee these markets. While we plan to continue to work with
all regulatory bodies to develop an appropriate solution to ensure that these markets are properly 

51 

Table of Contents

regulated, we do not know the final form such regulation will take or what the differences will be in different jurisdictions. More stringent regulation could negatively impact transaction
volumes in the energy and credit markets, which would have a negative impact on our business. Additionally, the implementation of new regulatory requirements and processes to ensure continued compliance with such regulations will require us to incur
significant compliance costs. 

Owning and operating voice broker businesses expose us to additional risk and these
businesses are largely dependent on their broker-dealer clients. These clients are not restricted from transacting or processing transactions directly, or through their own proprietary or third-party platforms, and the Financial Reform Act will
place additional regulation on voice brokers. 

Our voice broker business is primarily transaction-based and it
provides brokerage services to clients primarily in the form of agency transactions, although it also engages in a limited number of matched principal transactions. In agency transactions, customers pay transaction fees for trade execution services
in which we connect buyers and sellers who settle their transactions directly. In matched principal transactions (also known as “risk-less principal” transactions), we agree to buy instruments from one customer and sell them to another
customer. The amount of the fee generally depends on the spread between the buy and sell price of the security that is brokered. Such transactions leave Creditex, which is the subsidiary that engages in these transactions, with risk as principal on
a transaction. The majority of the Creditex transactions are agency transactions and the matched principal transactions accounted for approximately 2% of the total transactions for Creditex for the year ended December 31, 2010. With respect to
matched principal transactions, a counterparty to a matched principal transaction may fail to fulfill its obligations, or Creditex may face liability for an unmatched trade. Declines in trading volumes in credit derivatives would adversely affect
the revenues we derive from Creditex. We also face the risk of not being able to collect transaction or processing fees charged to customers for brokerage services and processing services we provide. 

None of our broker-dealer clients are contractually or otherwise obligated to continue to use our services and our agreements with
broker-dealers are generally not exclusive and broker-dealers may terminate such agreements and enter into, and in some cases have entered into, similar agreements with our competitors. Additionally, many of our broker-dealer clients are involved in
other ventures, including other electronic trading and processing platforms, as trading participants or as equity holders, and such ventures or newly created ventures may compete with us. 

Finally, under the Financial Reform Act and rules promulgated under the Act, it is likely that voice brokers will be subjected to
heightened regulation and limitations on the manner in which they can execute business on behalf of customers. 

Any
infringement by us of intellectual property rights of others could result in litigation and adversely affect our ability to continue to provide, or increase the cost of providing, our products and services. 

Patents and other intellectual property rights are increasingly important as additional electronic components are used in trading and
patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties may have an important bearing on our ability to offer certain of our products and services. Our competitors, as well as other companies and individuals, may have obtained, and may be
expected to obtain in the future, patent rights related to the types of products and services we offer or plan to offer. We cannot assure you that we are or will be aware of all patents that may pose a risk of infringement by our products and
services. In addition, some patent applications in the United States are confidential until a patent is issued, and therefore we cannot evaluate the extent to which our products and services may be covered or asserted to be covered in pending patent
applications. Thus, we cannot be sure that our products and services do not infringe on the rights of others or that others will not make claims of infringement against us. 

Further, our competitors may claim other intellectual property rights over information that is used by us in our product offerings. In addition, with respect to our intellectual property, if one or more
of our products or services is found to infringe patents held by others, it may be required to stop developing or marketing the products or services, 

52 

Table of Contents

obtain licenses to develop and market the products or services from the holders of the patents or redesign the products or services in such a way as to avoid infringing the patents. We also could
be required to pay damages if we were found to infringe patents held by others, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We cannot assess the extent to which we may be required in the future to
obtain licenses with respect to patents held by others, whether such licenses would be available or, if available, whether it would be able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms. If we were unable to obtain such licenses, we may
not be able to redesign our products or services at a reasonable cost to avoid infringement, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Some of the proprietary technology we employ may be vulnerable to infringement by others. 

Our business is dependent on proprietary technology and other intellectual property that we own or license from third parties. Despite
precautions we have taken or may take to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties could copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology without authorization. It may be difficult for us to monitor unauthorized use of our
intellectual property. We cannot assure you that the steps that we have taken will prevent misappropriation of our proprietary technology or intellectual property. 

We have filed patent applications in the United States, Europe and in other jurisdictions on a number of aspects of our electronic trading system and trade confirmation systems. We cannot assure you that
we will obtain any final patents covering these services, nor can we predict the scope of any patents issued. In addition, we cannot assure you that any patent issued will be effective to protect this intellectual property against misappropriation.
Third parties in Europe or elsewhere could acquire patents covering this or other intellectual property for which we obtain patents in the United States, or equivalent intellectual property, as a result of differences in local laws affecting
patentability and patent validity. Third parties in other jurisdictions might also misappropriate our intellectual property rights with impunity if intellectual property protection laws are not actively enforced in those jurisdictions. Patent
infringement and/or the grant of parallel patents would erode the value of our intellectual property. 

We have also secured
trademark registrations in multiple jurisdictions for trademarks used in our business. We cannot assure you that any of these marks for which applications are pending will be registered. 

In addition, we may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, and determine
the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others or defend ourselves from claims of infringement. We may not receive an adequate remedy for any infringement of our intellectual property rights, and we may incur substantial costs
and diversion of resources and the attention of management as a result of litigation, even if we prevail. As a result, we may choose not to enforce our infringed intellectual property rights, depending on our strategic evaluation and judgment
regarding the best use of our resources, the relative strength of our intellectual property portfolio and the recourse available to us. 

We rely on third party providers and other suppliers for a number of services that are important to our business. An interruption or cessation of an important service or supply by any third party
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We depend on a number of suppliers, such as online service
providers, hosting service and software providers, data processors, software and hardware vendors, banks, local and regional utility providers, and telecommunications companies, for elements of our trading, clearing and other systems. Moreover, the
general trend toward industry consolidation may increase the risk that these services may not be available to us in the future. We also rely on access to certain data used in our business through licenses with third parties and we rely on a large
international telecommunications company for the provision of hosting services. In addition, participants trading on our electronic platform may access it through 43 order routing and 31 trade capture conformed ISVs, which represent a substantial
portion of the ISVs that serve the commodities markets. The loss of a significant number of ISVs providing access could make our platform less attractive to participants who prefer this form of access. We also may transition from certain third party
software and systems to proprietary software and systems and if the transition of such services to our proprietary systems is not successful, we could 

53 

Table of Contents

lose trading volume, incur liability as a result of the failed proprietary system or lose customers due to failed technology initiatives. If these companies were to discontinue providing services
to us, we would likely experience significant disruption to our business. 

We are subject to litigation and liability
risks. 

Many aspects of our business, and the businesses of our participants, involve substantial risks of liability.
These risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over terms of a trade and the claim that a system failure or delay caused monetary loss to a participant or that an unauthorized trade occurred. For example, dissatisfied
participants that have traded on our electronic platform or those on whose behalf such participants have traded, may make claims regarding the quality of trade execution, or alleged improperly confirmed or settled trades, abusive trading practices,
security and confidentiality breaches, mismanagement or even fraud against us or our participants. In addition, because of the ease and speed with which sizable trades can be executed on our electronic platform, participants can lose substantial
amounts by inadvertently entering trade orders or by entering them inaccurately. A large number of significant error trades could result in participant dissatisfaction and a decline in participant willingness to trade in our electronic markets. In
addition, we are subject to various contractual disputes, some of which we are involved with due to acquisition activity. An adverse resolution of any lawsuit or claim against us may require us to pay substantial damages or impose restrictions on
how we conduct business, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our
financial condition and operating results. 

Our ability to comply with applicable complex and changing laws and rules
is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. While we have policies and procedures to
identify, monitor and manage our risks, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed. For example, the
CFTC periodically reviews our exchange’s ability to self-regulate and our compliance with core principles relating to audit trail, trade practice, market surveillance and disciplinary and dispute resolution programs. If we fail to comply with
these core principles, the CFTC could take a variety of actions that could impair our ability to conduct our business. 

In
addition, our regulators have broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders or prohibit us from engaging in some of our businesses. We face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including
extensive examination and surveillance activity. In the case of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to investigations and proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil
lawsuits, including by customers, for damages which can be significant. Any of these outcomes would adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. In extreme cases, these outcomes could adversely affect our ability to
conduct our business.