You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as
 well as other information contained in or incorporated by
 reference in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we
 currently believe may materially affect us. Other risks and
 uncertainties that we do not presently consider to be material
 or of which we are not presently aware may become important
 factors that affect our company in the future. If any of the
 risks discussed below actually occur, our business, financial
 condition, operating results, or cash flows could be materially
 adversely affected.

 Risks
 Relating to Our Business

 We
 face intense competition that could materially and adversely
 affect our business. If we are not able to compete successfully,
 our business will not survive.

 The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and we
 expect competition to intensify in the future. Our current and
 prospective competitors, both domestically and internationally,
 are numerous.

 We currently compete with:

 • 

 regulated futures exchanges globally that offer trading in a
 variety of markets, such as the CME Group;

 • 

 energy futures exchanges, such as NYMEX, European Energy
 Derivatives Exchange, or Endex (formerly known as Amsterdam
 Power Exchange), Nord Pool, and Powernext;

 • 

 other exchanges, such as the London International Financial
 Futures and Options Exchange, or LIFFE, which is part of NYSE
 Euronext, and regional exchanges, such as the Tokyo Grain
 Exchange and the Brazilian Mercantile and Futures Exchange,
 which provide trade execution in futures and options contracts
 on agricultural products such as sugar, coffee, canola and cocoa;

 • 

 voice brokers active in the global commodities markets;

 37

Table of Contents

 • 

 other electronic energy trading platforms for OTC markets, such
 as NYMEX Clearport and Houston Street;

 • 

 other clearing houses, including LCH.Clearnet, which presently
 clears futures trades for ICE Futures Europe and ICE’s OTC
 contracts;

 • 

 market data and information vendors, such as Bloomberg, Reuters,
 Argus and Platts; and

 • 

 possible consortiums of customers and the above listed
 competitors that may pool their various competitive advantages
 to establish a new exchange or trading platform.

 The global derivatives industry has grown more competitive due
 to increasing consolidation and evolving markets. We may also
 face additional competition from new entrants to our markets.
 Competition in the market for derivatives trading has
 intensified in connection with the increase in electronic
 trading platforms. Competition will intensify if more exchanges
 are established, or if existing platforms or exchanges that
 currently do not trade commodities products decide to do so.
 Additional competition from new entrants to our markets could
 negatively impact our trading volumes and profitability.

 In addition, some of the exchanges, trading systems, dealers and
 other companies with which we currently or in the future may
 compete are or may be substantially larger than us and have or
 may have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing,
 personnel and other resources and more diverse revenue streams
 than we do. Some of these exchanges and other businesses have
 long-standing, well-established and, in some cases, dominant
 positions in their existing markets. They may offer a broader
 range of products and services and may take better advantage of
 business opportunities than we do.

 Our ability to continually remain competitive with stronger
 current and potential competitors will have a direct impact on
 our results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be
 able to compete effectively. If our markets, products and
 services are not competitive, our business, financial condition
 and operating results will be materially affected. Our business
 could also be materially affected if we fail to attract new
 customers or lose a substantial number of our current customers
 to competitors. In addition, even if new entrants or existing
 competitors do not significantly erode our market share, we may
 be required to reduce significantly the rates we charge for
 trade execution for certain contracts or market data to remain
 competitive, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 profitability.

 One of our principal competitors is NYMEX, a regulated futures
 exchange that offers trading in futures products and options on
 those futures in the crude oil, gas and metals markets, among
 other commodities markets that compete directly with some of our
 contracts. NYMEX has an agreement with CME under which CME
 exclusively lists NYMEX energy contracts on its electronic
 trading platform. In addition, on January 28, 2008, CME and
 NYMEX announced that they are in discussions regarding
 CME’s potential acquisition of NYMEX. NYMEX’s
 electronic trading volume has surpassed the volume on its open
 outcry trading floor, which may increase the competition for
 trading in our electronic platform and negatively impact our
 trading volume and the liquidity in our markets.

 Our
 business is primarily transaction-based, and declines in trading
 volumes and market liquidity would adversely affect our business
 and profitability.

 We earn transaction fees for transactions executed in our
 markets and from the provision of electronic trade confirmation
 services. We derived 85.4%, 87.2% and 87.9% of our consolidated
 revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively, from our transaction-based business.

 The success of our business depends on our ability to maintain
 and increase our trading volumes and the resulting transaction
 fees. Any decline in our trading volumes in the short-term or
 long-term will negatively impact our transaction fees and,
 therefore, our revenues. Accordingly, the occurrence of any
 event that reduces the amount of transaction fees we receive,
 which may result from declines in trading volumes or market
 liquidity, our decision to close the trading floor for futures
 contracts at the end of February 2008 for ICE Futures
 U.S.’s core soft agricultural commodity contracts,
 reductions in commission rates, regulatory changes,

 38

Table of Contents

 rebates to customers, competition or otherwise, will have a
 significant impact on our operating results and profitability.

 Our
 business depends in large part on volatility in commodity prices
 generally and energy prices in particular.

 Participants in the markets for energy, soft agricultural and
 agricultural commodities trading pursue a range of trading
 strategies. While some participants trade in order to satisfy
 physical consumption needs, others seek to hedge contractual
 price risk or take speculative or arbitrage positions, seeking
 returns from price movements in different markets. Trading
 volume is driven primarily by the degree of
 volatility — the magnitude and frequency of
 fluctuations — in prices of commodities. Volatility
 increases the need to hedge contractual price risk and creates
 opportunities for speculative or arbitrage trading. Commodities
 markets historically have experienced significant price
 volatility and in recent years reached record levels. We cannot
 predict whether this pattern will continue, or for how long, or
 if this trend will reverse itself. Were there to be a sustained
 period of stability in the prices of commodities, we could
 experience lower trading volumes, slower growth or even declines
 in revenues.

 In addition to price volatility, the increase in global energy
 prices, particularly for crude oil, during the past several
 years may have had a positive impact on the trading volume of
 global energy commodities, including trading volumes in our
 markets. If global crude oil prices decrease or return to the
 lower levels where they historically have been, it is possible
 that many market participants could reduce their trading
 activity or leave the trading markets altogether. Global energy
 prices are determined by many factors, including those listed
 below, which are beyond our control and are unpredictable.
 Consequently, we cannot predict whether global energy prices
 will remain at their current levels, and we cannot predict the
 impact that these prices will have on our future revenues or
 profitability.

 Factors that are particularly likely to affect price volatility
 and price levels, and thus trading volumes, include:

 • 

 economic, political and market conditions in the United States,
 Europe, the Middle East and elsewhere in the world;

 • 

 weather conditions, including hurricanes and other significant
 weather events, that impact the production of commodities, and,
 in the case of energy commodities, production, refining and
 distribution facilities for oil and natural gas;

 • 

 the volatility in production volume of the commodities
 underlying our energy, soft agricultural and agricultural
 products and markets;

 • 

 war and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 legislative and regulatory changes;

 • 

 credit quality of market participants;

 • 

 the availability of capital;

 • 

 broad trends in industry and finance, including the
 consolidation in our industry;

 • 

 the level and volatility of interest rates;

 • 

 fluctuating exchange rates and currency values; and

 • 

 concerns over inflation.

 Any one or more of these factors may reduce price volatility or
 price levels in the markets for derivatives trading generally
 and for commodity products in particular. Any reduction in price
 volatility or price levels could reduce trading activity in
 those markets, including in our markets. Moreover, any reduction
 in trading activity could reduce liquidity — the
 ability to find ready buyers and sellers at current
 prices — which in turn could further discourage
 existing and potential market participants and thus accelerate
 any decline in the level

 39

Table of Contents

 of trading activity in these markets. In these circumstances,
 the markets with the highest trading volumes, and therefore the
 most liquidity, would likely have a growing competitive
 advantage over other markets. This could put us at a greater
 disadvantage relative to our principal competitor and other
 competitors, whose markets are larger and more established than
 ours.

 We cannot predict whether or when these unfavorable conditions
 may arise in the future or, if they occur, how long or severely
 they will affect trading volumes. A significant decline in our
 trading volumes due to reduced volatility, lower prices or any
 other factor, could have a material adverse effect on our
 revenues since our transaction fees would decline and on our
 profitability since our revenues would decline faster than our
 expenses, some of which are fixed. Moreover, if these
 unfavorable conditions were to persist over a lengthy period of
 time and trading volumes were to decline substantially and for a
 long enough period, the liquidity of our markets, and the
 critical mass of transaction volume necessary to support viable
 markets, could be jeopardized.

 Our
 revenues have depended heavily upon trading volume in the
 markets for ICE Brent Crude, ICE WTI Crude and ICE Gas Oil
 futures contracts, and OTC North American natural gas and power
 contracts. In addition, with the acquisition of ICE Futures U.S.
 in January 2007, sugar futures and options on sugar futures
 contracts have added to ICE’s trading volumes. A decline in
 volume or in our market share in these contracts would
 jeopardize our ability to remain profitable and
 grow.

 Our revenues currently depend heavily on trading volume in the
 markets for ICE Brent Crude futures contracts, ICE WTI Crude
 futures contract, ICE Gas Oil futures contracts, sugar futures
 and options on sugar futures contracts, OTC North American
 natural gas contracts and OTC North American power contracts.
 Trading in these contracts in the aggregate has represented
 73.0% of our consolidated revenues for the most recent annual
 period.

 Our trading volume or market share in these markets may decline
 due to a number of factors, including:

 • 

 development of competing contracts, and competition generally;

 • 

 reliance on technology to conduct trading;

 • 

 the relative stability of commodity prices;

 • 

 reduced growth in mature commodity markets;

 • 

 increased availability of electronic trading on competing
 contracts;

 • 

 possible regulatory changes; and

 • 

 adverse publicity and government investigations.

 A decline in trading volume would have a negative impact on our
 operating results and profitability.

 A
 decline in the production of commodities traded in our markets
 could reduce our liquidity and adversely affect our revenues and
 profitability.

 We derived 84.3%, 86.1% and 86.9% of our consolidated revenues
 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively, from exchange fees and commission fees generated
 from trading in commodity products in our futures and OTC
 markets. The volume of contracts traded in the futures and OTC
 markets for any specific commodity tends to be a multiple of the
 physical production of that commodity. If the physical supply or
 production of any commodity declines, market participants could
 become less willing to trade in contracts based on that
 commodity. For example, ICE Brent Crude futures contract has
 been subject to this risk as production of Brent crude oil
 peaked in 1984 and began steadily falling in subsequent years.
 We, in consultation with market participants, altered the
 mechanism for settlement of ICE Brent Crude futures contract to
 a mechanism based on the Brent/Forties/Oseberg North Sea oil
 fields, known as the BFO Index, to ensure that the commodity
 prices on which its settlement price is based reflect a large
 enough pool of traders and trading activity so as to be less
 susceptible to manipulation. Market participants that trade in
 ICE Brent

 40

Table of Contents

 Crude futures contract may determine in the future, however,
 that additional underlying commodity products need to be
 considered in the settlement of that contract or that the
 settlement mechanism is not credible.

 Exchange fees earned from trading in ICE Brent Crude futures
 contract accounted for 47.6%, 50.5% and 68.8% of our total
 revenues from our energy futures business, net of intersegment
 fees, for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively, or 15.2%, 20.4% and 26.5% of our consolidated
 revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. Any uncertainty concerning the settlement of
 ICE Brent Crude futures contract, or a decline in the physical
 supply or production of any other commodity on which our trading
 products are based could result in a decline in trading volumes
 in our markets, adversely affecting our revenues and
 profitability.

 In
 connection with our strategy to form a wholly-owned European
 clearing house, we served notice to terminate our clearing
 arrangements with LCH.Clearnet, which currently provides
 clearing services for the trading of certain futures and cleared
 OTC contracts in our markets. We cannot offer our futures and
 cleared OTC products without clearing services, and any delay in
 commencing our European clearing operations at ICE Clear Europe
 could result in a disruption to our business or materially and
 adversely affect our financial condition and results of
 operations.

 On July 18, 2007, we provided LCH.Clearnet with written
 notice of our intent to terminate our contractual arrangements
 pursuant to which LCH.Clearnet currently provides clearing
 services to us for all energy futures contracts and cleared OTC
 contracts traded in our markets. As provided in our notice of
 termination, these services will terminate on a mutually agreed
 upon date or in July 2008.

 As previously announced, we intend to expand our clearing
 operations globally by establishing a wholly-owned clearing
 house in Europe, to be named ICE Clear Europe, through which we
 intend to clear our energy futures contracts and cleared OTC
 contracts. The successful establishment of ICE Clear Europe is
 subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including
 obtaining appropriate regulatory approvals in the U.K., building
 out or procuring appropriate clearing house technology and
 integrating that technology with ICE Futures Europe and our OTC
 business, and ultimately the acceptance of the clearing house by
 FCMs and our trading participants who will be the users of the
 clearing house. In addition, our competitors, who for this
 purpose would include LCH.Clearnet, may attempt to interfere
 with the transition of clearing to ICE Clear Europe or take
 advantage of any issues or delays that occur with the clearing
 transition. In particular, LCH.Clearnet may breach its clearing
 services agreements with us or attempt to legally challenge
 portions of the clearing services agreements that we believe
 obligate LCH.Clearnet to refrain from amalgamating, transferring
 or permitting credit offset for margin purposes with respect to
 our contracts or they may attempt to interfere with the
 transition of customer business to a new clearing house.
 Further, we may be forced to seek legal action against
 LCH.Clearnet to enforce our rights under the clearing services
 agreements, which may disrupt our plans for providing clearing
 services.

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain regulatory
 approval for ICE Clear Europe, that we will execute our business
 plan in a timely manner or that there will be no issues, whether
 operationally or due to the actions of competitors, with the
 transition of clearing to ICE Clear Europe. If our clearing
 services are delayed, suspended or interrupted, our business,
 financial condition and results of operations would be
 materially and adversely affected. For the years ended
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, transaction fees
 generated by our U.K. futures business, which are also referred
 to as exchange fees, accounted for 31.1%, 39.3% and 36.7%,
 respectively, of our consolidated revenues.

 In addition, if ICE Clear Europe, or our existing clearing
 operations at ICE Clear U.S. or ICE Clear Canada, are not
 able to provide clearing services relating to our OTC business
 following the termination of our agreements with LCH.Clearnet,
 we may be unable to offer clearing services in connection with
 trading certain OTC contracts in our markets for a considerable
 period of time. For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006
 and 2005, transaction fees derived from trading in cleared OTC
 contracts accounted for 29.2%, 38.6% and 37.5%, respectively, of
 our consolidated revenues. Our cleared OTC contracts have been a
 significant component of our business, and accounted for 69.3%,
 71.8% and 69.3% of revenues, net of the

 41

Table of Contents

 intersegment fees, generated by our OTC business for the years
 ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

 Legislation
 or regulatory changes preventing clearing facilities from being
 owned or controlled by exchanges may limit or stop our ability
 to run a clearing house.

 Many clearing firms have emphasized the importance to them of
 centralizing clearing of futures contracts and options on
 futures in order to maximize the efficient use of their capital,
 exercise greater control over their value at risk and extract
 greater operating leverage from clearing activities. Many have
 expressed the view that clearing firms should have a choice of
 where to clear their transactions or should control the
 governance of clearing houses. In addition, some clearing firms
 have expressed the view that multiple clearing houses should be
 consolidated and operated as utilities rather than as for-profit
 enterprises. Some of these firms, along with the Futures
 Industry Association and UK Futures and Options Associations,
 are attempting to cause legislative or regulatory changes to be
 adopted that would allow market participants to transfer
 positions from an exchange-owned clearing house (such as
 ICEClear Europe) to a clearing house owned and controlled by
 clearing firms. Some market participants, including the UK
 Futures and Options Association, have expressed support for
 extending the European Union Code of Clearing and Conduct to
 derivatives, which would mandate clearing choice for customers
 through interoperability. In addition, the U.S. Department
 of Justice released comments on February 7, 2008 requesting
 the U.S. Department of Treasury to review futures markets
 to determine if a different regime for clearing is feasible,
 which could include ending exchange control of financial futures
 clearing to foster exchange competition. The Department of
 Justice comments specifically excluded markets for commodities
 futures, such as energy futures markets. If these legislative or
 regulatory changes are adopted, alternative clearing houses may
 seek to clear positions established on our exchanges. Even if
 they are not successful in their efforts, the factors described
 above may cause clearing firms to limit the use of our clearing
 houses. If any of these events occur, our revenues and profits
 would be materially and adversely affected.

 Owning
 clearing houses exposes us to risks, including risks related to
 the cost of operating the clearing houses and the risk of
 defaults by our participants clearing trades through our
 clearing houses.

 Operating clearing houses requires material ongoing expenditures
 and may consume a significant portion of management’s time.
 We cannot assure you that our participants will migrate their
 business from LCH.Clearnet to ICE Clear Europe. In addition, we
 cannot assure you that our clearing arrangements will be
 satisfactory to our participants or will not require additional
 substantial system modifications to accommodate them in the
 future. The transition to new clearing facilities for many of
 our participants could be disruptive and costly. Our operation
 of clearing houses may not be as successful and may not provide
 us the benefits we anticipate. In addition, our operation of
 these clearing houses may not generate sufficient revenues to
 cover the expenses we incur.

 There are risks inherent in operating a clearing house,
 including exposure to the credit risk of clearing members and
 defaults by clearing members, which could subject our business
 to substantial losses. Although our clearing houses have
 policies and procedures to help ensure that clearing members can
 satisfy their obligations (and ICE Clear Europe will adopt
 comparable policies and procedures), such policies and
 procedures may not succeed in preventing defaults. We also have
 in place or plan to establish, as appropriate, various measures
 intended to enable our clearing houses to cover any default and
 maintain liquidity, such as deposits in a guaranty fund.
 However, we cannot assure you that these measures and safeguards
 will be sufficient to protect us from a default or that we will
 not be materially and adversely affected in the event of a
 significant default. Additionally, the default of any one of the
 clearing members could cause our customers to lose confidence in
 the guarantee of our clearing houses, which would have an
 adverse affect on our business.

 42

Table of Contents

 Currently,
 we continue to rely on LCH.Clearnet to provide clearing services
 for the trading of certain futures and cleared OTC contracts in
 our markets despite owning ICE Clear U.S., ICE Clear Canada and
 forming ICE Clear Europe. We cannot operate our futures and
 cleared OTC businesses without clearing services.

 The termination of the contract with LCH.Clearnet will take
 effect at the end of the exit phase, which is currently expected
 to be in July 2008. Currently, we continue to rely on
 LCH.Clearnet to provide clearing services to us for all energy
 futures contracts traded in our markets.

 ICE Clear U.S. will continue to serve as the designated
 clearing house for trades executed at ICE Futures U.S. and
 ICE Clear Canada will continue to provide clearing service for
 trades executed at ICE Futures Canada. ICE Clear U.S. is
 seeking recognition from the FSA to be allowed to provide
 clearing services in the United Kingdom, for an exchange like
 ICE Futures Europe. ICE Clear Canada is not currently authorized
 by United Kingdom regulators to clear transactions executed on
 an exchange located in the United Kingdom. Consequently, these
 clearing houses are not currently able to clear trades in the
 United Kingdom until they obtain such recognition, which could
 take considerable time and resources, but they may offer certain
 clearing services as an “overseas person” under United
 Kingdom laws. There is no assurance that such recognition will
 be granted.

 If our clearing services are suspended or interrupted and we are
 unable to provide clearing services to our customers through an
 alternate provider on a timely basis, our business, financial
 condition and results of operations would be materially and
 adversely affected. If ICE Clear U.S. and ICE Clear Canada
 could not provide clearing services for our energy futures or
 OTC products, we could not obtain clearing services from an
 alternate provider, or ICE Clear Europe was unable to provide
 such services, we may be unable to operate certain of our energy
 futures and OTC markets and would possibly be required to cease
 operations in those segments of our business. We cannot assure
 you that our energy futures or OTC businesses would be able to
 obtain clearing services from ICE Clear U.S. or ICE Clear
 Canada, an alternate provider or ICE Clear Europe in sufficient
 time to avoid or mitigate the material adverse effects described
 above and, in the case of an alternate provider, on acceptable
 terms.

 We
 intend to explore acquisition opportunities and strategic
 alliances relating to other businesses, products or
 technologies. We may not be successful in identifying
 opportunities or integrating other businesses, products or
 technologies successfully with our business. Any such
 transaction also may not produce the results we
 anticipate.

 We intend to continue to explore and pursue acquisition
 opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company.
 We may enter into business combination transactions, make
 acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships, joint
 ventures or alliances, any of which may be material. We may
 enter into these transactions to acquire other businesses,
 products or technologies to expand our products and services,
 advance our technology or take advantage of new developments and
 potential changes in the industry.

 The market for acquisition targets and strategic alliances is
 highly competitive, particularly in light of increasing
 consolidation in the exchange sector. As a result, we may be
 unable to identify strategic opportunities or we may be unable
 to negotiate or finance any future acquisition successfully.
 Further, our competitors could merge, making it more difficult
 for us to find appropriate entities to acquire or merge with and
 making it more difficult to compete in our industry due to the
 increased resources of our merged competitors. For example, on
 January 28, 2008, CME and NYMEX announced that they are in
 discussions regarding CME’s potential acquisition of NYMEX.

 The process of integration may produce unforeseen regulatory and
 operating difficulties and expenditures and may divert the
 attention of management from the ongoing operation of our
 business. Further, as a result of any future acquisition, we may
 issue additional shares of our common stock that dilute
 shareholders ownership interest in us, expend cash, incur debt,
 assume contingent liabilities or create additional expenses
 related to amortizing intangible assets with estimable useful
 lives, any of which could harm our business, financial condition
 or results of operations and negatively impact our stock price.

 43

Table of Contents

 We may
 fail to realize the anticipated cost savings, growth
 opportunities and synergies and other benefits anticipated from
 our mergers and acquisitions, which could adversely affect the
 value of our common stock.

 We completed multiple acquisitions in 2007, including
 transactions with NYBOT (ICE Futures U.S.), Winnipeg Commodity
 Exchange, Inc. (ICE Futures Canada), Chatham Energy Partners,
 LLC, ChemConnect Inc., and Commoditrack, Inc (ICE Risk). The
 success of our mergers and acquisitions will depend, in part, on
 our ability to realize the anticipated synergies and growth
 opportunities from combining the businesses, as well as our
 expected cost savings and revenue growth trends. In general, we
 expect to benefit from operational synergies resulting from the
 consolidation of capabilities and elimination of redundancies in
 our mergers and acquisitions. If we fail to successfully
 integrate an acquired business, or if the reason we acquired the
 business is materially impacted, we may be required to take an
 impairment charge on our financial statements, which could
 negatively impact our stock price.

 With respect to the ICE Futures U.S. acquisition, we expect
 continued operational synergies from the use of ICE Futures
 U.S.’s clearing technology, as well as greater efficiencies
 from increased scale, market integration and increased
 automation. Management also expects the combined entity will
 enjoy revenue synergies, including additional clearing
 alternatives; expense sharing; increased access, volume and
 liquidity to the products traded on our respective markets; and
 expanded product offerings and increased geographic reach.

 Integration of companies acquired by us is complex and time
 consuming, and requires substantial resources and effort. We
 must successfully combine the businesses in a manner that
 permits the expected cost savings and synergies to be realized.
 In addition, we must achieve the anticipated savings and
 synergies without adversely affecting current revenues and our
 investments in future growth. The integration process and other
 disruptions resulting from the mergers or acquisitions may also
 disrupt each company’s ongoing businesses or cause
 inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies
 that adversely affect our relationships with market
 participants, employees, regulators and others with whom we have
 business or other dealings or our ability to achieve the
 anticipated benefits of the merger or acquisition. In addition,
 difficulties in integrating the businesses or any negative
 impact on the regulatory functions of any of our companies could
 harm the reputation of the companies. We may not successfully
 achieve the integration objectives, and we may not realize the
 anticipated cost savings, revenue growth and synergies in full
 or at all, or it may take longer to realize them than expected.

 We are
 currently subject to regulation in multiple jurisdictions.
 Failure to comply with existing regulatory requirements, and
 possible future changes in these requirements or in the current
 interpretation of these requirements, could adversely affect our
 business.

 ICE Futures Europe, through which we conduct our energy futures
 business, operates as a Recognized Investment Exchange in the
 United Kingdom. As a Recognized Investment Exchange, ICE Futures
 Europe has regulatory responsibility in its own right and is
 subject to supervision by the FSA pursuant to the Financial
 Services and Markets Act 2000, or FSMA. ICE Futures Europe is
 required under the FSMA to maintain sufficient financial
 resources, adequate systems and controls and effective
 arrangements for monitoring and disciplining its members.
 Likewise, ICE Futures U.S. operates as a Designated
 Contract Market. As a self-regulatory organization, it is
 responsible for ensuring that the exchange operates in
 accordance with existing rules and regulations, and must comply
 with eighteen core principles under the CEA. The ability of ICE
 Futures Europe and ICE Futures U.S. to comply with all
 applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on its
 maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems. We
 cannot assure you that these systems and procedures are fully
 effective. Failure to comply with current regulatory
 requirements and regulatory requirements that may be imposed on
 us in the future could subject us to significant penalties,
 including termination of our ability to conduct our regulated
 energy futures business conducted through ICE Futures Europe and
 our regulated soft commodities business through ICE Futures U.S.

 Electronic trading in our energy futures contracts on ICE
 Futures Europe is permitted in many jurisdictions, including in
 the United States, through “no-action” relief from the
 local jurisdiction’s regulatory requirements. In the United
 States, direct electronic access to trading in ICE Futures
 Europe products is

 44

Table of Contents

 offered to U.S. persons based on a series of no-action
 letters from the CFTC that permit
 non-U.S. exchanges,
 referred to as foreign boards of trade, to provide
 U.S. persons with electronic access to their markets
 without registration with the CFTC. Our ability to offer new
 futures products under our existing no-action relief could be
 impacted by any actions taken by the CFTC as a result of future
 conditions being imposed on ICE Futures Europe under its
 no-action relief. If our offering of products through ICE
 Futures Europe to U.S. participants is subject to
 additional regulatory constraints, our business could be
 adversely affected. Similarly, electronic trading in ICE Futures
 U.S. contracts is permitted in many jurisdictions through
 “no-action” relief from the local jurisdiction’s
 regulatory requirements. With the proposed end of open outcry
 trading of ICE Futures U.S. futures contracts scheduled for
 February 2008, the ability of ICE Futures U.S. to offer
 trading in futures products in multiple jurisdictions will be
 dependent upon its ability to comply with the existing
 conditions of its no-action relief in various jurisdictions and
 any new conditions that may be added.

 New regulations or enforcement may force us to allocate more
 resources to regulation or confidence in our markets may be
 diminished and our business may be adversely affected. Even the
 perception of unfairness or illegal behavior in our markets
 could adversely affect our business. In addition, the recent
 demise of certain hedge funds that traded energy commodities may
 result in additional regulation by the CFTC or Congress.
 Legislative and regulatory initiatives, either in the United
 States, the United Kingdom or elsewhere, could affect one or
 more of the following aspects of our business or impose one or
 more of the following requirements:

 • 

 the manner in which we communicate with and contract with our
 participants;

 • 

 the demand for and pricing of our products and services;

 • 

 the tax treatment of trading in our products;

 • 

 a requirement that we maintain minimum regulatory capital on
 hand;

 • 

 a requirement that we exercise regulatory oversight of our OTC
 participants, and assume responsibility for their conduct;

 • 

 our financial and regulatory reporting practices;

 • 

 our record-keeping and record-retention procedures;

 • 

 the licensing of our employees; and

 • 

 the conduct of our directors, officers, employees and affiliates.

 The implementation of new regulations, or changes in or
 unfavorable interpretations of existing regulations by courts or
 regulatory bodies could require us to incur significant
 compliance costs and impede our ability to operate, expand and
 enhance our electronic platform as necessary to remain
 competitive and expand our business. Regulatory changes inside
 or outside the United States or the United Kingdom could
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 The
 nature and role of ICE Futures U.S.’s self-regulatory
 responsibilities may change.

 Some financial services regulators have publicly stated their
 interest in evaluating the ability of a financial exchange,
 organized as a for-profit corporation, to adequately discharge
 its self-regulatory responsibilities. ICE Futures U.S.’s
 regulatory programs and capabilities contribute significantly to
 its brand name and reputation. We cannot assure you that ICE
 Futures U.S. will not be required to further modify or
 restructure its corporate governance or regulatory functions in
 order to address these or other concerns. For example, the CFTC
 adopted, but recently stayed implementation of, final rules to
 minimize conflicts of interest on Boards of Directors of
 registered, futures exchanges, or designated contract markets.
 The new rules provided a safe harbor to designated contract
 markets that had at least 35% of their board of directors
 comprised of persons with no material relationship to the
 designated contract market or its members and were deemed to be
 “public directors.” While the rules regarding
 conflicts of interest that were stayed would not likely result
 in costly or burdensome changes at ICE Futures U.S.,
 implementation of such rules could alter the composition of ICE

 45

Table of Contents

 Futures U.S.’s Board of Directors if implemented. Any
 future new rules, modifications of existing rules or
 restructuring of regulatory functions could entail material
 costs.

 The
 energy commodities trading industry in North America has been
 subject to increased regulatory scrutiny in the recent past, and
 we face the risk of changes to our regulatory environment in the
 future, which may diminish trading volumes on our electronic
 platform.

 We currently operate our OTC markets as an “exempt
 commercial market” under the CEA. As such, our markets are
 subject to anti-fraud, anti-manipulation, access, reporting and
 record-keeping requirements of the CFTC. However, unlike a
 futures exchange, ICE is not itself a self regulatory
 organization that undertakes active regulatory oversight of OTC
 trading. In December, the United States Senate and the United
 States House of Representatives each passed legislation to
 increase regulation of OTC markets, and in particular to require
 active oversight of certain contracts traded on “exempt
 commercial markets” that are deemed by the CFTC to be
 “significant price discovery contracts.” Both bills
 require OTC electronic trading facilities to assume self
 regulatory responsibilities, such as market monitoring and
 establishing position limits or accountability limits, over
 contracts that serve a significant price discovery function. If
 adopted, this legislation would require us and our OTC
 participants to operate under heightened regulatory burdens and
 incur additional costs, including recordkeeping and reporting
 costs, to comply with the additional regulations, and could
 deter some participants from trading on our OTC platform.
 Presently, we anticipate that our OTC Henry Hub natural gas
 contract, which comprised 73.4%, 81.6%, and 76.5% of our OTC
 transaction volumes in 2007, 2006, and 2005, respectively, would
 be considered a “significant price discovery contract.”

 In addition, the market for OTC energy commodities trading has
 been the subject of increased scrutiny by regulatory and
 enforcement authorities due to a number of highly publicized
 incidents alleging manipulative trading activity by certain
 entities and the failure of several hedge funds.

 Furthermore, in response to the rise in energy commodity prices
 in recent years and allegations that manipulative trading
 practices by certain market participants may have contributed to
 the rise in prices, legislative and regulatory authorities at
 both the federal and state levels, as well as political and
 consumer groups, have called for increased regulation and
 monitoring of the OTC energy commodities markets and a review of
 the no-action process pursuant to which ICE Futures’
 contracts are presently offered to market participants in the
 United States.

 It is possible that future unanticipated events in the markets
 for energy commodities trading will lead to additional
 regulatory scrutiny and changes in the level of regulation to
 which we are subject. Increased regulation of our participants
 or our markets could materially adversely affect our business.
 The imposition of stabilizing measures such as price controls in
 energy commodities markets could substantially reduce or
 potentially even eliminate trading activity in affected markets.
 New laws and rules applicable to us could significantly increase
 our regulatory compliance costs, delay or prevent us from
 introducing new products and services as planned and discourage
 some market participants from using our electronic platform.
 Allegations of manipulative trading by market participants or
 additional failures of hedge funds could subject us to
 regulatory scrutiny and possibly fines or restrictions on our
 business, as well as significant legal expenses and adverse
 publicity. All of this could lead to lower trading volumes,
 liquidity and transaction fees, higher operating costs and lower
 profitability or losses.

 If we
 are unable to keep up with rapid changes in technology and
 participant preferences, we may not be able to compete
 effectively.

 To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve
 the responsiveness, functionality, accessibility and reliability
 of our electronic platform and our proprietary technology. The
 financial services industry is characterized by rapid
 technological change, change in use patterns, change in client
 preferences, frequent product and service introductions and the
 emergence of new industry standards and practices. These changes
 could render our existing proprietary technology uncompetitive
 or obsolete. Our ability to pursue our

 46

Table of Contents

 strategic objectives, including increasing trading volumes on
 our trading platforms, as well as our ability to continue to
 grow our business, will depend, in part, on our ability to:

 • 

 enhance our existing services and maintain and improve the
 functionality and reliability of our electronic platform, in
 particular, reducing network downtime or disruptions;

 • 

 develop or license new technologies that address the
 increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our participants;

 • 

 anticipate and respond to technological advances and emerging
 industry practices on a cost-effective and timely basis; and

 • 

 continue to attract and retain highly skilled technology staff
 to maintain and develop our existing technology and to adapt to
 and manage emerging technologies while attempting to keep our
 employee headcount low.

 We cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new
 technologies or adapt our proprietary technology to our
 participants’ requirements or emerging industry standards
 in a timely and cost-effective manner. Any failure to remain
 abreast of industry standards in technology and to be responsive
 to participant preferences could cause our market share to
 decline and negatively impact our profitability.

 Our
 operating results may be subject to significant fluctuations due
 to a number of factors.

 A number of factors beyond our control may contribute to
 substantial fluctuations in our operating results. As a result
 of the factors described in the preceding risk factors, you will
 not be able to rely on our historical operating results in any
 particular period as an indication of our future performance.
 The commodities trading industry, and energy commodities trading
 in particular, has historically been subject to variability in
 trading volumes due primarily to five key factors. These factors
 include:

 • 

 geopolitical events,

 • 

 weather,

 • 

 real and perceived supply and demand imbalances in the
 underlying commodities,

 • 

 the number of trading days in a quarter, and

 • 

 seasonality.

 As a result of one or more of these factors, trading volumes in
 our markets could decline, possibly significantly, which would
 adversely affect our revenues derived from transaction fees. If
 we fail to meet securities analysts’ expectations regarding
 our operating performance, the price of our common stock could
 decline substantially.

 Our
 cost structure is largely fixed in the short-term period. If our
 revenues decline and we are unable to reduce our costs, or if
 our expenses increase without a corresponding increase in
 revenues, our profitability will be adversely
 affected.

 Our cost structure is largely fixed and we expect that it will
 continue to be largely fixed. We base our expectations of our
 cost structure on historical and expected levels of demand for
 our products and services as well as our fixed operating
 infrastructure, such as computer hardware and software, leases,
 hosting facilities and security and staffing levels. If demand
 for our products and services declines and, as a result, our
 revenues decline, we may not be able to adjust our cost
 structure on a timely basis. In that event, our profitability
 will be adversely affected.

 Fluctuations
 in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating
 results.

 The revenues, expenses and financial results of ICE Futures
 Europe and other U.K. subsidiaries have historically been
 denominated in pounds sterling, which was the functional
 currency of our U.K. subsidiaries. As a result, we had foreign
 currency translation risk equal to our net investment in our
 U.K. subsidiaries. The

 47

Table of Contents

 financial statements of our U.K. subsidiaries were translated
 into U.S. dollars using current rates of exchange, with
 gains or losses included in the cumulative translation
 adjustment account, a component of shareholders’ equity.
 Effective as of July 1, 2006, the functional currency of
 the majority of our U.K. subsidiaries became the
 U.S. dollar. The decision to change the functional currency
 of these entities was based on various economic factors and
 circumstances, including the fact that beginning in the second
 quarter of 2006, ICE Futures Europe began to charge and collect
 exchange fees in U.S. dollars rather than pounds sterling
 in its key futures contracts, including crude oil and heating
 oil contracts. The functional currency of an entity is the
 currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity
 operates. We will no longer recognize any translation
 adjustments relating to those U.K. subsidiaries that have
 switched their functional currency to the U.S. dollar.

 The revenues, expenses and financial results of ICE Futures
 Canada and other Canadian subsidiaries are denominated in
 Canadian dollars. We have foreign currency translation risk
 equal to our net investment in our Canadian subsidiaries. The
 financial statements of our Canadian subsidiaries were
 translated into U.S. dollars using current rates of
 exchange, with gains or losses included in the cumulative
 translation adjustment account, a component of
 shareholders’ equity. As of December 31, 2007, the
 portion of our shareholders’ equity attributable to
 accumulated other comprehensive income from foreign currency
 translation was $33.0 million. The period-end foreign
 currency exchange rate for the Canadian dollar to the
 U.S. dollar increased from 1.0515 as of August 27,
 2007, the acquisition date of ICE Futures Canada, to 0.9881 as
 of December 31, 2007.

 We have foreign currency transaction risk primarily related to
 the settlement of certain foreign assets, liabilities and
 payables that occur through our foreign operations which are
 received in or paid in pounds sterling. We had foreign currency
 transaction gains (losses) of $842,000, ($288,000) and
 $1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2007,
 2006 and 2005, respectively, primarily attributable to the
 fluctuations of pounds sterling relative to the
 U.S. dollar. The average exchange rate of pounds sterling
 to the U.S. dollar increased from 1.8434 for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 to 2.0020 for the year ended
 December 31, 2007.

 We may experience substantial gains or losses from foreign
 currency transactions in the future given that there are still
 certain net assets or net liabilities and expenses of our
 subsidiaries that are denominated in pounds sterling and
 Canadian dollars. Of our consolidated operating expenses, 15.2%,
 29.8% and 48.1% were denominated in pounds sterling for the year
 ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. As
 the pounds sterling exchange rate changes, the
 U.S. equivalent of expenses denominated in foreign
 currencies changes accordingly. All sales in our business are
 denominated in U.S. dollars, except for some small futures
 contracts in our futures business segment. Our U.K. operations
 in some instances function as a natural hedge because we
 generally hold an equal amount of monetary assets and
 liabilities that are denominated in pounds sterling.

 While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future to
 help mitigate our foreign exchange risk exposure, these hedging
 arrangements may not be effective, particularly in the event of
 imprecise forecasts of the levels of our
 non-U.S. denominated
 assets and liabilities. Accordingly, if there is an adverse
 movement in exchange rates, we may suffer significant losses,
 which would adversely affect our operating results and financial
 condition.

 Any
 infringement by us of intellectual property rights of others
 could result in litigation and adversely affect our ability to
 continue to provide, or increase the cost of providing, our
 products and services.

 Patents and other intellectual property rights are increasingly
 important as further electronic components are added to trading,
 and patents and other intellectual property rights of third
 parties may have an important bearing on our ability to offer
 certain of our products and services. Our competitors, as well
 as other companies and individuals, may have obtained, and may
 be expected to obtain in the future, patent rights related to
 the types of products and services we offer or plan to offer. We
 cannot assure you that we are or will be aware of all patents
 that may pose a risk of infringement by our products and
 services. In addition, some patent applications in the United
 States are confidential until a patent is issued, and therefore
 we cannot evaluate the extent to which our products and services
 may be covered or asserted to be covered in pending

 48

Table of Contents

 patent applications. Thus, we cannot be sure that our products
 and services do not infringe on the rights of others or that
 others will not make claims of infringement against us.

 In addition, our competitors may claim other intellectual
 property rights over information that is used by us in our
 product offerings. For example, in November 2002, NYMEX filed
 claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the
 Southern District of New York asserting that, among other
 things, it infringed copyrights NYMEX claims exist in its
 publicly available settlement prices that we use in connection
 with the clearing of certain OTC derivative contracts. The court
 granted a motion for summary judgment in our favor in September
 2005 dismissing all claims brought against us by NYMEX. NYMEX
 appealed the ruling of the District Court to the Second Circuit
 Court of Appeals, and the Court of Appeals Affirmed the ruling
 of the District Court by decision on August 1, 2007. On
 August 15, 2007, NYMEX filed a Combined Petition for Panel
 Rehearing and Rehearing En Banc, requesting that the case be
 reheard before the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. On
 October 25, 2007, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals
 denied NYMEX’s Combined Petition for a rehearing. On
 January 16, 2008, NYMEX filed a writ of certiorari with the
 U.S. Supreme Court seeking discretionary review of the
 case, and the U.S. Supreme Court has not yet decided
 whether to hear the case. Should NYMEX be successful in its
 appeal to the Supreme Court and we are subsequently found to
 have infringed NYMEX’s intellectual property rights, we may
 incur substantial monetary damages and may be enjoined from
 using or referring to one or more types of NYMEX settlement
 prices. If we are so enjoined, we could lose all or a
 substantial portion of our cleared trading volume in Henry Hub
 natural gas and WTI crude oil contracts and the related
 commission revenues. Our OTC Henry Hub natural gas contract
 comprised 35.0%, 47.8%, and 45.6% of our total transaction
 volumes in 2007, 2006, and 2005, respectively, and our ICE
 Futures Europe WTI Crude futures contract comprised 14.0% and
 12.8% of our total transaction volumes in 2007 and 2006,
 respectively.

 With respect to our intellectual property, if one or more of our
 products or services is found to infringe patents held by
 others, it may be required to stop developing or marketing the
 products or services, obtain licenses to develop and market the
 products or services from the holders of the patents or redesign
 the products or services in such a way as to avoid infringing
 the patents. We also could be required to pay damages if we were
 found to infringe patents held by others, which could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
 results. We cannot assess the extent to which we may be required
 in the future to obtain licenses with respect to patents held by
 others, whether such licenses would be available or, if
 available, whether it would be able to obtain such licenses on
 commercially reasonable terms. If we were unable to obtain such
 licenses, we may not be able to redesign our products or
 services at a reasonable cost to avoid infringement, which could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
 and operating results.

 Some
 of the proprietary technology we employ may be vulnerable to
 infringement by others.

 Our business is dependent on proprietary technology and other
 intellectual property that we own or license from third parties.
 Despite precautions we have taken or may take to protect our
 intellectual property rights, third parties could copy or
 otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology without
 authorization. It may be difficult for us to monitor
 unauthorized use of our intellectual property. We cannot assure
 you that the steps that we have taken will prevent
 misappropriation of our proprietary technology or intellectual
 property.

 We have filed patent applications in the U.S. and in other
 jurisdictions on a number of aspects of our electronic trading
 system and trade confirmation systems. In addition, we have
 licenses under two U.S. patents for trading electric
 energy, and two joint U.S. patents with NYMEX covering an
 implied market trading system. We have also filed patent
 applications on certain aspects of our electronic trading and
 trade confirmation systems in the European Patent Office and
 Canada. We cannot assure you that we will obtain any final
 patents covering these services, nor can we predict the scope of
 any patents issued. In addition, we cannot assure you that any
 patent issued will be effective to protect this intellectual
 property against misappropriation. Third parties in Europe or
 elsewhere could acquire patents covering this or other
 intellectual property for which we obtain patents in the United
 States, or equivalent intellectual property, as a result of
 differences in local laws affecting patentability and patent
 validity. Third parties in other jurisdictions might also
 misappropriate our intellectual property rights with impunity if
 intellectual property protection laws are

 49

Table of Contents

 not actively enforced in those jurisdictions. Patent
 infringement
 and/or the
 grant of parallel patents would erode the value of our
 intellectual property.

 We have secured trademark registrations for
 “IntercontinentalExchange” and “ICE” from
 the United States Patent and Trademark Office and from
 relevant agencies in Europe, as appropriate, with
 “ICE” also being registered in Singapore, as well as
 registrations for other trademarks used in our business. We also
 have several U.S. and foreign applications pending for
 other trademarks used in our business. We cannot assure you that
 any of these marks for which applications are pending will be
 registered.

 In addition, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our
 intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, and
 determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property
 rights of others or defend ourselves from claims of
 infringement. We may not receive an adequate remedy for any
 infringement of our intellectual property rights, and we may
 incur substantial costs and diversion of resources and the
 attention of management as a result of litigation, even if we
 prevail. As a result, we may choose not to enforce our infringed
 intellectual property rights, depending on our strategic
 evaluation and judgment regarding the best use of our resources,
 the relative strength of our intellectual property portfolio and
 the recourse available to us.

 We
 face significant challenges in implementing our strategic goals
 of expanding product and service offerings and attracting new
 market participants to our markets. If we do not meet these
 challenges, we may not be able to increase our revenues or
 remain profitable.

 We seek to expand the range of derivative products that can be
 traded in our markets and to ensure that trading in those new
 products becomes liquid within a sufficiently short period of
 time to support viable trading markets. We also seek to expand
 the number of contracts traded in our futures markets. In
 meeting these strategic goals, however, we face a number of
 significant challenges, including:

 • 

 Prior to launching a new contract, we must satisfy certain
 regulatory obligations, which if not satisfied could delay the
 launch of the new contract.

 • 

 When we expand our product offering through a merger or
 acquisition, we may need to introduce the ICE trading platform
 to customers that have historically conducted business by
 telephone or on a different exchange. The process of
 transitioning customers to our electronic platform can be time
 consuming and expensive and if not ultimately accepted, could
 substantially impair or render worthless the assets we acquired
 through the merger or acquisition.

 • 

 We must meet regulatory obligations and overcome any technical
 or operational issues to successfully implement our clearing
 strategy.

 • 

 To expand the use of our electronic platform to additional
 participants and contracts, we must continue to expand capacity
 without disrupting functionality to satisfy evolving customer
 requirements.

 • 

 To introduce new trading-related services, we must develop
 additional systems technology that will interface successfully
 with the wide variety of unique internal systems used by our
 participants. These challenges may involve unforeseen costs and
 delays.

 • 

 We must continue to build significant brand recognition among
 commodities market participants in order to attract new
 participants to our markets. This will require us to increase
 our marketing expenditures. The cost of our marketing efforts
 may be greater than we expect, and we cannot assure you that
 these efforts will be successful.

 Even if we resolve these issues and are able to introduce new
 products and services, there is no assurance that they will be
 accepted by our participants, attract new market participants,
 or be competitive with those offered by other companies. If we
 do not succeed in these efforts on a consistent, sustained
 basis, we will be unable to implement our strategic objectives.
 This would seriously jeopardize our ability to increase and
 diversify our revenues, remain profitable and continue as a
 viable competitor in our markets.

 50

Table of Contents

 Reductions
 in our exchange fee rates or commission rates resulting from
 competitive pressures could lower our revenues and
 profitability.

 We may experience pressure on our exchange fee rates and
 commission rates as a result of competition we face in our
 futures and OTC markets. Some of our competitors offer a broader
 range of products and services to a larger participant base, and
 enjoy higher trading volumes, than we do. Consequently, our
 competitors may be able and willing to offer commodity trading
 services at lower commission rates than we currently offer or
 may be able to offer. As a result of this pricing competition,
 we could lose both market share and revenues. We believe that
 any downward pressure on commission rates would likely continue
 and intensify as we continue to develop our business and gain
 recognition in our markets. A decline in commission rates could
 lower our revenues, which would adversely affect our
 profitability. In addition, our competitors may offer other
 financial incentives such as rebates or payments in order to
 induce trading in their markets, rather than in our markets.

 Our
 business may be harmed by computer and communications systems
 failures and delays.

 We support and maintain many of the systems that comprise our
 electronic platform. Our failure to monitor or maintain these
 systems, or to find replacements for defective components within
 a system in a timely and cost-effective manner when necessary,
 could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct
 our business. Although we fully replicate our primary data
 center, our redundant systems or disaster recovery plans may
 prove to be inadequate. Our systems, or those of our third party
 providers, may fail or, due to capacity constraints, may operate
 slowly, causing one or more of the following:

 • 

 unanticipated disruption in service to our participants;

 • 

 slower response time and delays in our participants’ trade
 execution and processing;

 • 

 failed settlement by participants to whom we provide trade
 confirmation or clearing services;

 • 

 incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of
 trades;

 • 

 our distribution of inaccurate or untimely market data to
 participants who rely on this data in their trading
 activity; and

 • 

 financial loss.

 We could experience system failures due to power or
 telecommunications failures, human error on our part or on the
 part of our vendors or participants, natural disasters, fire,
 sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer
 viruses, intentional acts of vandalism or terrorism and similar
 events. In these instances, our disaster recovery plan may prove
 ineffective. If any one or more of these situations were to
 arise, they could result in damage to our business reputation,
 participant dissatisfaction with our electronic platform,
 prompting participants to trade elsewhere, or exposure to
 litigation or regulatory sanctions. As a consequence, our
 business, financial condition and results of operations could
 suffer materially.

 Our regulated business operations generally require that our
 trade execution and communications systems be able to handle
 anticipated present and future peak trading volume. Heavy use of
 computer systems during peak trading times or at times of
 unusual market volatility could cause those systems to operate
 slowly or even to fail for periods of time. We will continue to
 constantly monitor system loads and performance and regularly
 implement system upgrades to handle estimated increases in
 trading volume. However, we cannot assure you that our estimates
 of future trading volume will be accurate or that our systems
 will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume without
 failure or degradation of performance.

 Our
 systems and those of our third party service providers may be
 vulnerable to security risks, which could result in wrongful use
 of our information, or which could make our participants
 reluctant to use our electronic platform.

 We regard the secure transmission of confidential information on
 our electronic platform as a critical element of our operations.
 Our networks and those of our participants and our third party
 service providers,

 51

Table of Contents

 may, however, be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer
 viruses, firewall or encryption failures and other security
 problems. We may be required to expend significant resources to
 protect our business and our participants against the threat of
 security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security
 breaches. Although we intend to continue to implement industry
 standard security measures, we cannot assure you that those
 measures will be sufficient to protect our business against
 losses or any reduced trading volume incurred in our markets as
 a result of any significant security breaches on our platform.

 We
 rely on specialized management and employees.

 Our future success depends, in part, upon the continued
 contributions of our executive officers and key employees whom
 we rely on for executing our business strategy and identifying
 new strategic initiatives. Some of these individuals have
 significant experience in the commodities trading industry and
 financial services markets generally, and possess extensive
 technology skills. Although we have entered into employment
 agreements with our executive officers, it is possible that one
 or more of these persons could voluntarily terminate their
 employment agreements with us. Furthermore, we have not entered
 into employment agreements with non-executive personnel, who may
 terminate their employment at any time. Several of these
 employees have been with us since our inception and have vested
 stock options. Any loss or interruption of the services of our
 executive officers or other key personnel could result in our
 inability to manage our operations effectively or to execute our
 business strategy. We cannot assure you that we would be able to
 find appropriate replacements for these key personnel if the
 need arose. We may have to incur significant costs to replace
 key employees who leave, and our ability to execute our business
 strategy could be impaired if we cannot replace departing
 employees in a timely manner. Competition in our industry for
 persons with trading industry and technology expertise is
 intense.

 We
 rely on third party providers and other suppliers for a number
 of services that are important to our business. An interruption
 or cessation of an important service or supply by any third
 party could have a material adverse effect on our
 business.

 We depend on a number of suppliers, such as online service
 providers, hosting service and software providers, data
 processors, software and hardware vendors, banks, and telephone
 companies, for elements of our trading, clearing and other
 systems. For example, we rely on Atos Euronext Market Solutions
 Limited for the provision of a trade registration system that
 routes trades executed in our markets for clearing. Atos
 Euronext Market Solutions Limited and other companies within the
 NYSE Euronext group of companies, are potential competitors to
 both our futures business and OTC business, which could affect
 the continued provision of these services in the future.
 Moreover, the general trend toward industry consolidation, may
 increase the risk that these services may not be available to us
 in the future. We also rely on access to certain data used in
 our business through licenses with third parties and we rely on
 a large international telecommunications company for the
 provision of hosting services. If these companies were to
 discontinue providing services to us, we would likely experience
 significant disruption to our business.

 We cannot assure you that any of these providers will be able to
 continue to provide these services in an efficient,
 cost-effective manner or that they will be able to adequately
 expand their services to meet our needs. We also cannot assure
 you that any of these providers will not terminate our business
 relationship with us for competitive reasons or otherwise. An
 interruption in or the cessation of an important service or
 supply by any third party and our inability to make alternative
 arrangements in a timely manner, or at all, would result in lost
 revenues and higher costs.

 In addition, participants trading on our electronic platform may
 access it through 29 ISVs, which represent a substantial portion
 of the ISVs that serve the commodities markets. The loss of a
 significant number of ISVs providing access could make our
 platform less attractive to participants who prefer this form of
 access.

 52

Table of Contents

 We are
 subject to significant litigation and liability
 risks.

 Many aspects of our business, and the businesses of our
 participants, involve substantial risks of liability. These
 risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes
 over terms of a trade and the claim that a system failure or
 delay caused monetary loss to a participant or that an
 unauthorized trade occurred. For example, dissatisfied
 participants that have traded on our electronic platform or on
 ICE Futures U.S.’s open outcry exchange, or those on whose
 behalf such participants have traded, may make claims regarding
 the quality of trade execution, or alleged improperly confirmed
 or settled trades, abusive trading practices, security and
 confidentiality breaches, mismanagement or even fraud against us
 or our participants. In addition, because of the ease and speed
 with which sizable trades can be executed on our electronic
 platform, participants can lose substantial amounts by
 inadvertently entering trade orders or by entering them
 inaccurately. A large number of significant error trades could
 result in participant dissatisfaction and a decline in
 participant willingness to trade in our electronic markets.

 Our
 compliance and risk management methods might not be effective
 and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our
 financial condition and operating results.

 Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely
 dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance,
 audit and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract
 and retain qualified compliance and other risk management
 personnel. Our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and
 manage risks may not be fully effective. Management of
 operational, legal and regulatory risk requires, among other
 things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a
 large number of transactions and events. We cannot assure you
 that our policies and procedures will always be effective or
 that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating
 the risks to which we are or may be exposed.

 In addition, the CFTC has broad enforcement powers to censure,
 fine, issue
 cease-and-desist
 orders, prohibit us from engaging in some of our businesses or
 suspend or revoke our designation as a contract market or the
 designation of ICE Clear U.S. as a derivatives clearing
 organization. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and
 rules is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance
 of compliance, audit and reporting systems, as well as our
 ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other
 risk management personnel. We face the risk of significant
 intervention by regulatory authorities, including extensive
 examination and surveillance activity. In the case of
 non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or
 regulations, we could be subject to investigations and
 proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil
 lawsuits, including by customers, for damages which can be
 significant. Any of these outcomes would adversely affect our
 reputation, financial condition and operating results. In
 extreme cases, these outcomes could adversely affect our ability
 to conduct our business.