You should
carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as other information contained in or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may
materially affect us. Other risks and uncertainties that we do not presently consider to be material or of which we are not presently aware may become important factors that affect our company in the future. If any of the risks discussed below
actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Risks Relating
to Our Business 

Since our business is primarily transaction-based and dependent on trading volumes, the conditions
in global financial markets and new laws and regulations as a result of such conditions may adversely affect our trading volumes and market liquidity. 

Our business is primarily transaction-based, and declines in trading volumes and market liquidity would adversely affect our business and profitability. We earn transaction fees for transactions executed
and cleared in our markets and from the provision of electronic trade confirmation services. We derived 88.9%, 85.3% and 85.4% of our consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, from our
transaction-based business. The success of our business depends on our ability to maintain and increase our trading volumes and the resulting transaction fees.

39 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Over the last two years, global financial markets have experienced significant and adverse
conditions, including a freezing of credit, substantially increased volatility, outflows of customer funds and investments, losses resulting from declining asset values, defaults on loans and reduced liquidity. Many of the financial services firms
that have been adversely impacted by the financial crisis are active participants in our markets. The trading volumes in our markets could decline substantially if our market participants reduce their level of trading activity for any reason, such
as: 

•

 a reduction in the number of traders that use our platform; 

•

 a reduction in trading demand by customers or a decision to curtail or cease speculative trading; 

•

 regulatory or legislative changes that result in curtailed trading activity, including a reduction in proprietary trading by banks as has recently been
proposed by the Obama administration and the potential decrease in trading activity in energy markets caused by the imposition of position limits currently being considered by the CFTC; 

•

 heightened capital maintenance requirements resulting from new regulation or mandated reductions in existing leverage; 

•

 reduced access to capital required to fund trading activities; 

•

 significant defaults by issuers of debt leading to market disruption or a lack of confidence in the market’s ability to process such defaults;

•

 increased instances of counterparty failure or bankruptcy; or 

•

 an increase in the inability of CDS protection sellers to pay out contractual obligations upon the occurrence of a credit event.

A reduction in our overall trading volume will reduce our revenue and could also render our markets less
attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity, which could result in further loss of trading volume and associated transaction-based revenues. Accordingly, any reduction in trading volumes or market liquidity could have a material
adverse affect on our business and financial results. 

Further, our clearing houses maintain funds with various banks and if
one or more of these banks fail, our clearing houses may be at risk to cover the amounts that were on deposit with the failed bank. The amounts that our clearing houses have on deposit with third party banks at any time may be substantial and there
is no assurance that the clearing houses will be able to recover the full amount of such deposits or that, in circumstances where clearing houses have not recovered the full amount of such deposits, they will be able to cover the amounts required to
settle transactions and continue their operations. The default of a bank that holds deposits from our clearing houses could cause our customers to lose confidence in our markets and the ability of our clearing houses to continue to act as central
counterparties, which would have a material adverse affect on our trading markets and our business as a whole. 

Our
business depends in large part on volatility in commodity prices generally and energy markets in particular and will be impacted by domestic and international economic conditions. 

Participants in the markets for energy and agricultural commodities trading pursue a range of trading strategies. While some participants
trade in order to satisfy physical consumption needs, others seek to hedge contractual price risk or take speculative or arbitrage positions, seeking returns from price movements in different markets. Trading volume is driven primarily by the degree
of volatility — the magnitude and frequency

40 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

of fluctuations — in prices of commodities. Volatility increases the need to hedge contractual price risk and creates opportunities for speculative or arbitrage trading. Were there to be a
sustained period of stability in the prices of commodities, we could experience lower trading volumes, slower growth or declines in revenues. 

Factors that are particularly likely to affect price volatility and price levels, and thus trading volumes, include: 

•

 economic, political and market conditions in the United States, Europe, the Middle East and elsewhere in the world; 

•

 weather conditions, including hurricanes and other significant weather events, that impact the production of commodities, and, in the case of energy
commodities, production, refining and distribution facilities for oil and natural gas; 

•

 the volatility or decline in production volume of the commodities underlying our energy and agricultural products and markets;

•

 war and acts of terrorism; 

•

 legislative and regulatory changes; 

•

 credit quality of market participants; 

•

 the availability of capital; 

•

 broad trends in industry and finance, including consolidation in our industry; 

•

 the level and volatility of interest rates, fluctuating exchange rates and currency values; and 

•

 concerns over inflation. 

Any one or more of these factors may reduce price volatility or price levels in the markets for derivatives trading. A reduction in trading activity could reduce liquidity — the ability to find ready
buyers and sellers at current prices — which in turn could further discourage existing and potential market participants and thus accelerate any decline in the level of trading activity in these markets. In these circumstances, the markets with
the highest trading volumes, and therefore the most liquidity, would likely have a growing competitive advantage over other markets. A significant decline in our trading volumes due to reduced volatility, lower prices or any other factor, could have
a material adverse effect on our revenues since our transaction fees would decline and on our profitability since our revenues would decline faster than our expenses, some of which are fixed. Moreover, if these unfavorable conditions were to persist
over a lengthy period of time and trading volumes were to decline substantially and for a long enough period, the liquidity of our markets, and the critical mass of transaction volume necessary to support viable markets, could be jeopardized.

Our revenues depend heavily upon trading volume in the markets for ICE Brent Crude and OTC North American natural gas.
A decline in volume or in our market share in these contracts would jeopardize our ability to remain profitable and grow. 

Our revenues currently depend heavily on trading volume in the markets for ICE Brent Crude futures contracts and OTC North American natural gas contracts. Trading in these contracts in the aggregate has represented 29.9%, 37.5% and
42.3% for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. A decline in trading volume in these contracts would have a material negative impact on our operating results and profitability. 

41 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

The derivatives and energy commodities trading industry has been and continues to be
subject to increased legislative and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of changes to our regulatory environment in the future, which may reduce our trading volumes. 

Providing facilities to trade financial derivatives and energy products is one of our core businesses. There are currently legislative
proposals outstanding, and additional bills may be introduced in the future, that target futures and OTC market participants. In the U.S. Congress, the House of Representatives passed the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2009. This
legislative proposal would force most OTC trades to be cleared and traded on exchange. In addition, OTC platforms, including voice brokers, would have to register with the CFTC or the SEC (for security-based OTC trades) as swaps execution
facilities. A swaps execution facility would be subject to a set of core principles similar to a futures market. These core principles would require market monitoring and position limits. This legislation is subject to change by the Senate before
adoption. 

We currently operate our OTC markets as an “exempt commercial market” under the Commodity Exchange Act.
As such, our markets are subject to anti-fraud, anti-manipulation, access, reporting and record-keeping requirements of the CFTC. However, unlike a futures exchange, for most OTC contracts, we are not a self-regulatory organization that
undertakes regulatory oversight of OTC trading. In May 2008, Congress passed legislation as part of the Farm Bill to increase regulation of OTC markets. The new legislation requires and grants authority to OTC electronic trading facilities to
assume self regulatory responsibilities, such as market monitoring and establishing position limits or accountability levels, over contracts that serve a significant price discovery function. This legislation requires us and our OTC participants to
operate under heightened regulatory burdens and incur additional costs, including recordkeeping and reporting costs, to comply with the additional regulations, and could deter some participants from trading on our OTC platform. In July 2009, the
CFTC deemed that the Henry Hub natural gas contract serves a significant price discovery function. In October 2009, we demonstrated compliance with the new core principles and placed position limits on the Henry Hub natural gas contract that took
effect at the expiration of the February 2010 contract. The CFTC is considering whether an additional 35 of our OTC energy contracts serve a significant price discovery function. It is possible that the CFTC will deem additional OTC contracts traded
in our markets to be “significant price discovery contracts.” In addition, legislation passed by the U.S. House of Representatives, if enacted, will subject our OTC markets to a level of regulation comparable to that of regulated
exchanges. 

On January 14, 2010, the CFTC proposed a new rule to modify position limits for the WTI crude oil contract,
the Henry Hub natural gas contract, the RBOB gasoline contract, and heating oil contracts. The new rules would place hard aggregate position limits across all exchanges and exempt commercial markets trading contracts that are deemed to serve a
significant price discovery function. Currently, exchanges administer their own position limits. Exchanges place position limits on the expiration period and accountability levels (which are more flexible than position limits) in other months. The
proposed rules would place hard position limits on all months and would require exchanges to administer a concentration limit, to limit any one participant from becoming too large in a market. In addition, it is anticipated that foreign boards of
trade such as ICE Futures Europe trading contracts that settle on the settlement price of a domestic designated contract market would be subject to similar requirements and limitations. The proposal is subject to modification before it becomes
final. 

On January 21, 2010, President Obama proposed new financial reform rules. First, banks that have access to the
Federal Reserve window would be prohibited from engaging in proprietary trading activities for their own account. This would include a prohibition against a bank from funding a hedge fund or private equity funds. Second, these banks would have to
place a cap on exposure to certain liabilities. These rules are still in gestation and are likely to be modified by Congress before enactment. However, banks engage in significant trading in many of our markets, and any law that limits proprietary
trading by bank entities could materially and negatively affect our business. 

Finally, allegations of manipulative trading by
market participants or the failure of industry participants could subject us, our markets or our industry to regulatory scrutiny, possible fines or restrictions, as well as

42 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

significant legal expenses and adverse publicity. In addition, increased regulation regarding commodity prices, market participants or the OTC and futures markets generally could materially
adversely affect our business by limiting the amount of trading that is conducted in our markets. 

We are currently
subject to regulation in multiple jurisdictions. Failure to comply with existing regulatory requirements, and possible future changes in these requirements or in the current interpretation of these requirements, could adversely affect our business.

ICE Futures Europe, through which we conduct our energy futures business, operates as a Recognized Investment
Exchange in the United Kingdom. As a Recognized Investment Exchange, ICE Futures Europe has regulatory responsibility in its own right and is subject to supervision by the FSA pursuant to the FSMA. ICE Futures Europe is required under the FSMA to
maintain sufficient financial resources, adequate systems and controls and effective arrangements for monitoring and disciplining its members. Likewise, ICE Futures U.S. operates as a Designated Contract Market. As a self-regulatory organization, it
is responsible for ensuring that the exchange operates in accordance with existing rules and regulations, and must comply with eighteen core principles under the Commodity Exchange Act. The ability of ICE Futures Europe and ICE Futures U.S. to
comply with all applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on its maintenance of compliance, surveillance, audit and reporting systems. We cannot assure you that these systems and procedures are fully effective. Failure to comply with current
regulatory requirements and regulatory requirements that may be imposed on us in the future could subject us to significant penalties, including termination of our ability to conduct our regulated energy futures business through ICE Futures Europe
and our regulated agricultural commodities business through ICE Futures U.S. 

Electronic trading in our energy futures
contracts on ICE Futures Europe is permitted in many jurisdictions around the world, including in the United States, through “No Action” relief from the local jurisdiction’s regulator. In the United States, direct electronic access to
trading in ICE Futures Europe products is offered to U.S. persons based on a series of No Action letters from the CFTC that permit non-U.S. exchanges, referred to as foreign boards of trade, to provide U.S. persons with electronic access to their
markets without registration with the CFTC as a U.S. regulated exchange. Our ability to offer our current and new futures products under our existing No Action relief could be impacted by any actions taken by the CFTC as a result of additional
conditions being imposed on ICE Futures Europe under its No Action relief. The financial reform bill passed in the U.S. House of Representatives would require foreign boards of trade to place position limits on contracts linked to a settlement price
on a commodity traded on a U.S. Designated Contract Market. In addition, the legislation could require ICE Futures Europe to place lower position limits on energy contracts linked to settlement prices of a U.S. designated contract market than the
U.S. designated contract market itself imposes. If our offering of products through ICE Futures Europe to U.S. participants is subject to additional regulatory constraints, our business could be adversely affected. 

Similarly, electronic trading in ICE Futures U.S. contracts is permitted in many jurisdictions through No Action relief from the local
jurisdiction’s regulatory requirements. With the end of open outcry trading of ICE Futures U.S. agricultural futures contracts in February 2008, the ability of ICE Futures U.S. to offer trading in these futures products in multiple
jurisdictions will be dependent upon its ability to comply with the existing conditions of its No Action relief in various jurisdictions and any new conditions that may be added. 

The implementation of new legislation or regulations, or changes in or unfavorable interpretations of existing regulations by courts or
regulatory bodies, could require us to incur significant compliance costs and impede our ability to operate, expand and enhance our electronic platform as necessary to remain competitive and grow our business. Regulatory changes inside or outside
the United States or the United Kingdom could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

43 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Legislative or regulatory changes regarding the operation of clearing facilities or
preventing them from being owned or controlled by exchanges may prevent us from realizing the economic benefits of operating our clearing houses. 

Many market participants have emphasized the importance to them of centralizing clearing of futures contracts and options on futures contracts to maximize the efficient use of their capital, exercise
greater control over their value at risk and extract greater operating leverage from clearing activities. Many market participants have expressed the view that they should have a choice of where to clear their transactions or should control the
governance of clearing houses. In addition, some market participants have expressed the view that multiple clearing houses should be consolidated and operated as utilities rather than as for-profit enterprises, and have attempted to cause
legislative or regulatory changes to be adopted that would allow market participants to transfer positions from an exchange-owned clearing house (such as ICE Clear Europe) to a non-exchange owned clearinghouse model. Some market participants,
including the U.K. Futures and Options Association, have expressed support for extending the European Union Code of Clearing and Conduct to derivatives, which would mandate clearing choices for customers through fungible clearing. If these
legislative or regulatory changes are adopted, alternative clearing houses may seek to clear positions established on our exchanges. Even if they are not successful in their efforts, the factors described above may cause clearing firms to limit the
use of our clearing houses. Finally, legislation has been proposed mandating that all derivatives be cleared by a clearing house, including transactions executed prior to the legislation’s passage. Such legislative requirements could cause
market participants to further advocate for choice of clearing. If any of these events occur, our revenues and profits would be materially and adversely affected. 

We face intense competition that could materially and adversely affect our business. If we are not able to compete successfully, our business will be adversely impacted. 

The global derivatives industry has grown more competitive in the recent past and we face intense competition in all aspects of our
business. If we are not able to compete successfully our business could be materially impacted, including our ability to survive. We believe competition in our industry is based on a number of important factors including, but not limited to, market
liquidity, transparency, technology advancements, platform speed and reliability, new product offerings, pricing and risk management capabilities. 

The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and we expect competition to continue to intensify in the future. Our current competitors, both domestically and internationally, are numerous. We
currently compete with: 

•

 regulated, diversified futures exchanges globally that offer trading in a variety of asset classes similar to those offered by us such as energy,
agriculture, equity index, credit markets and foreign exchange; 

•

 voice brokers active in the global commodities and credit markets; 

•

 existing and newly formed electronic trading platforms, service providers and other exchanges for OTC markets; 

•

 other clearing houses; 

•

 inter-dealer brokers; and 

•

 market data and information vendors. 

In addition, in the future we may be forced to compete with consortiums of our customers that may pool their trading activity to establish new exchanges, trading platforms or clearing facilities.

44 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Competition in the market for derivatives trading and clearing has intensified and become
more global in connection with the increase in electronic trading platforms and the desire by existing exchanges to diversify their product offerings. Further, a regional exchange in an emerging market country, such as India or China, or a producer
country, could attract enough trading activity to compete with our benchmark products. A decline in our fees due to competitive pressure, the inability to successfully launch new products or the loss of customers due to competition could lower our
revenues, which would adversely affect our profitability. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to expand our product offerings, or that we will be able to retain our current customers or attract new customers. 

We intend to explore acquisition opportunities and strategic alliances relating to other businesses, products or technologies, which
will involve risks. We may not be successful in identifying opportunities or integrating other businesses, products or technologies successfully with our business. Any such transaction also may not produce the results we anticipate. 

We intend to continue to explore and pursue acquisition and other opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our
company. We may enter into business combination transactions, make acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships, joint ventures or alliances, any of which may be material and will involve risks. 

The market for acquisition targets and strategic alliances is highly competitive, particularly in light of increasing consolidation in the
exchange and clearing sector. As a result, we may be unable to identify strategic opportunities or we may be unable to negotiate or finance any future acquisition successfully. Further, our competitors could merge, making it more difficult for us to
find appropriate entities to acquire or merge with and making it more difficult to compete in our industry due to the increased resources of our merged competitors. If we are required to raise capital by incurring additional debt or issuing
additional equity for any reason in connection with a strategic acquisition or investment, we cannot assure that any such financing will be available or that the terms of such financing will be favorable to us. 

The process of integration may produce unforeseen regulatory and operating difficulties and expenditures and may divert the attention of
management from the ongoing operation of our business. Further, as a result of any future acquisition, we may issue additional shares of our common stock that dilute shareholders’ ownership interest in us, expend cash, incur debt, assume
contingent liabilities or create additional expenses related to amortizing intangible assets with estimable useful lives, any of which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations and negatively impact our stock price.

We may fail to realize the anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities and synergies and other benefits anticipated
from our mergers and acquisitions, strategic joint ventures or investments, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

The success of our mergers and acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated synergies and growth opportunities, as well as our expected cost savings and revenue growth
trends. In general, we expect to benefit from operational synergies resulting from the consolidation of capabilities and elimination of redundancies in our mergers and acquisitions. 

Integration of companies acquired by us is complex and time consuming, and requires substantial resources and effort. The integration
process and other disruptions resulting from the mergers or acquisitions may disrupt each company’s ongoing businesses or cause inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our relationships with market
participants, employees, regulators and others with whom we have business or other dealings or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger or acquisition. We may not successfully achieve the integration objectives, and we may not
realize the anticipated cost savings, revenue growth and synergies in full or at all, or it may take longer to realize them than expected. 

45 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We may not realize anticipated growth opportunities and other benefits from strategic
investments or strategic joint ventures that we have entered into or may enter into in the future for a number of reasons, including regulatory or government approvals or changes, global market changes, contractual obligations, competing products
and, in some instances, our lack of or limited control over the management of the business. Further, strategic initiatives that have historically been successful may not continue to be successful due to competitive threats, changing market
conditions or the inability for the parties to extend the relationship into the future. 

We may be required to recognize
impairments of our goodwill, other intangible assets or investments, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

The determination of the value of goodwill and intangible assets with respect to our acquisitions and investments requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated
financial statements. We assess goodwill and intangible assets for impairment by applying a fair-value based test looking at historical performance, capital requirements and projected cash flows on an annual basis or more frequently if indicators of
impairment arise. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the second quarter of 2009, we recorded a pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge of $15.7 million and $9.3 million, respectively, on our investment in the National Commodity and
Derivatives Exchange, Ltd, or NCDEX. We cannot assure you that we will not experience future events that result in similar and additional impairments. An impairment of the value of our existing goodwill and intangible assets could have a significant
negative impact on our future operating results and could cause our stock price to decline. For additional information on these impairment charges, refer to note 6 to our consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our cost structure is largely fixed. If our revenues decline and we are
unable to reduce our costs, or if our expenses increase without a corresponding increase in revenues, our profitability will be adversely affected. 

Our cost structure is largely fixed and we expect that it will continue to be largely fixed in the foreseeable future. We base our expectations of our cost structure on historical and expected levels
of demand for our products and services as well as our fixed operating infrastructure, such as computer hardware and software, leases, hosting facilities and security and staffing levels. If demand for our current products and services decline, our
revenues will decline. If demand for future products that we acquire or license is not to the level necessary to offset the cost of the acquisition or license, our net income would decline. For example, we have incurred significant
costs to secure the exclusive license with Russell for listing Russell’s Index futures, the costs of which will be amortized over the next several years. If our clearing and execution fees for the Russell Index futures is not
sufficient to offset the amortization costs, our net income will decrease. Further, we have to achieve certain volume levels to maintain exclusivity with respect to our licensing agreement with Russell and the failure to do so could materially
impact the value we receive from the Russell investment. We may not be able to adjust our cost structure, at all or on a timely basis, to counteract a decrease in revenue or net income, which would adversely impact our profitability. 

Owning clearing houses exposes us to risks, including the risk of defaults by clearing members clearing trades through our clearing
houses, risks regarding investing the funds in the guaranty fund and held as security for original margin, and risks related to the cost of operating the clearing houses. 

Operating clearing houses requires material ongoing expenditures and exposes us to various risks. Our operation of clearing houses may
not be as successful and may not provide us with the benefits we anticipate. In addition, our operation of these clearing houses may not generate sufficient revenues to cover the expenses we incur. 

There are risks inherent in operating a clearing house, including exposure to the market and counterparty risk of clearing members, defaults
by clearing members and providing a return to the clearing members on the

46 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

funds invested by the clearing houses, which could subject our business to substantial losses. For example, clearing members have placed an aggregate of cash in ICE Clear Europe relating to
margin requirements and funding the guaranty fund that exceeded $11.7 billion as of December 31, 2009. These funds are swept and invested daily by JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. in accordance with our clearing house investment
guidelines. ICE Clear Europe has an obligation to return margin payments and guaranty fund contributions to clearing members once the relevant clearing member’s exposure to the clearing house no longer exists, and further to provide an
interest yield to clearing members in respect of margin and guaranty fund contributions lodged with the clearing house. If the investment principal amount decreases in value, ICE Clear Europe will be liable for the shortfall. 

Although our clearing houses have policies and procedures to help ensure that clearing members can satisfy their obligations, such policies
and procedures may not succeed in preventing losses after a counterparty’s default. We cannot assure you that these measures and safeguards will be sufficient to protect us from a default or that we will not be materially and adversely affected
in the event of a significant default. Furthermore, the default of any one of the clearing members could subject our business to substantial losses and cause our customers to lose confidence in the guarantee of our clearing houses. 

Legislation that would require clearing houses to establish links with other clearing houses whereby positions at one clearing house
can be transferred to and maintained at, or otherwise offset by a fungible position existing at another clearing house, may have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business. 

Regulators and legislators have considered requiring links between clearing houses to allow for fungible clearing, meaning that a position
in a product executed and cleared on one exchange may be offset by an economically linked or fungible position on the opposite side of the market that is executed on another exchange utilizing a different clearing house. If this requirement is
imposed in our markets, the resulting unbundling of trade execution and clearing services would have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. Further, fungible clearing would make it more difficult to track positions and
counterparty risk exposure, which will make the operation of our clearing houses riskier and more difficult since there will need to be common rules and margin requirements as well as more information sharing between competing clearing houses.

If we are unable to keep up with rapid changes in technology and participant preferences, we may not be able to compete
effectively. 

To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality,
accessibility and reliability of our electronic platform and our proprietary technology. The financial services industry is characterized by rapid technological change, change in use patterns, change in client preferences, frequent product and
service introductions and the emergence of new industry standards and practices. These changes could render our existing proprietary technology uncompetitive or obsolete. Our ability to pursue our strategic objectives, including increasing trading
volumes on our trading platforms, as well as our ability to continue to grow our business, will depend, in part, on our ability to: 

•

 enhance our existing services and maintain and improve the functionality and reliability of our electronic platform, in particular, reducing network
downtime or disruptions; 

•

 develop or license new technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our participants; 

•

 anticipate and respond to technological advances and emerging industry practices on a cost-effective and timely basis; and

•

 continue to attract and retain highly skilled technology staff to maintain and develop our existing technology and to adapt to and manage emerging
technologies while attempting to keep our employee headcount low. 

47 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new technologies or adapt our
proprietary technology to our participants’ requirements or emerging industry standards in a timely and cost-effective manner. Any failure to remain abreast of industry standards in technology and to be responsive to participant preferences
could cause our market share to decline and negatively impact our profitability. 

Our business may be harmed by computer
and communications systems failures and delays. 

We support and maintain many of the systems that comprise our
electronic platform. Our failure to monitor or maintain these systems, or to find replacements for defective components within a system in a timely and cost-effective manner when necessary, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
conduct our business. Although we fully replicate our primary data center, our redundant systems or disaster recovery plans may prove to be inadequate. Our systems, or those of our third party providers, may fail or be shutdown or, due to capacity
constraints, may operate slowly, causing one or more of the following: 

•

 unanticipated disruption in service to our participants; 

•

 slower response time and delays in our participants’ trade execution and processing; 

•

 failed settlement by participants to whom we provide trade confirmation or clearing services; 

•

 incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades; 

•

 our distribution of inaccurate or untimely market data to participants who rely on this data in their trading activity; and

•

 financial loss. 

We could experience system failures due to power or telecommunications failures, human error on our part or on the part of our vendors or participants, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects,
computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism or terrorism and similar events. In these instances, our disaster recovery plan may prove ineffective. If any one or more of these situations were to arise, they could result in damage to our business
reputation, participant dissatisfaction with our electronic platform, prompting participants to trade elsewhere, or exposure to litigation or regulatory sanctions. As a consequence, our business, financial condition and results of operations could
suffer materially. 

Our regulated business operations generally require that our trade execution and communications systems be
able to handle anticipated present and future peak trading volume. Heavy use of computer systems during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility could cause those systems to operate slowly or even to fail for periods of time.
However, we cannot assure you that our estimates of future trading volume will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume without failure or degradation of performance. 

Although many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional volume and products and services without redesign or replacement, we
will need to continue to make significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate the increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic and to provide processing services to third parties. If we cannot increase
the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be adversely affected. 

48 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Our systems and those of our third party service providers may be vulnerable to
security risks, which could result in wrongful use of our information, or which could make our participants reluctant to use our electronic platform. 

We regard the secure transmission of confidential information on our electronic platform as a critical element of our operations. Our networks and those of our participants and our third party service
providers, may, however, be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, firewall or encryption failures and other security problems. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect our business and our participants against the
threat of security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches. Although we intend to continue to implement industry standard security measures, we cannot assure you that those measures will be sufficient to protect our business
against losses or any reduced trading volume incurred in our markets as a result of any significant security breaches on our platform. 

Our operating results may be subject to significant fluctuations due to a number of factors. 

A number
of factors beyond our control may contribute to substantial fluctuations in our operating results. As a result of the factors described in the preceding risk factors, you will not be able to rely on our historical operating results in any
particular period as an indication of our future performance. The commodities trading industry, and energy commodities trading in particular, has historically been subject to variability in trading volumes due primarily to several key factors. These
factors include: 

•

 market and economic conditions; 

•

 geopolitical events; 

•

 weather; 

•

 real and perceived supply and demand imbalances in the underlying commodities; 

•

 regulatory considerations; 

•

 the availability of capital; 

•

 changes in the average rate per contract that we charge for trading or the amounts we charge for market data; 

•

 the number of trading days in a quarter; and 

•

 seasonality. 

As a result of one or more of these factors, trading volumes in our markets could decline, possibly significantly, which would adversely affect our revenues derived from transaction fees. If we fail to meet securities analysts’
expectations regarding our operating performance, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 

Current
economic conditions could make it difficult for us to secure a credit facility or secure a credit facility on favorable terms. 

Our regulators require us to maintain $150.0 million of liquidity for the clearing operations of ICE Clear Europe, $50.0 million of liquidity for the clearing operations of ICE Clear U.S. and $100.0 million of liquidity for the clearing
operations of ICE Trust. We currently have a $300.0 million credit agreement to provide the required liquidity that is due to expire on April 9, 2010 that we are in the process of refinancing. 

49 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Due to the recent global financial crisis, many companies have found it difficult to borrow
money from banks and other lending sources, and when able to borrow money, the terms of such borrowings have been less favorable to companies than in the recent past. Continued instability in the financial markets, as a result of recession or
otherwise, may affect our cost of capital and our ability to raise capital, which could impact our ability to continue to operate our clearing houses. Although we do not currently anticipate substantial difficulties in accessing the bank lending
markets, if difficult market conditions continue we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or at all. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating results. 

Since we conduct operations in several different countries, including the United States, Canada and several European countries, substantial portions of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses are
denominated in U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars, euros and pounds sterling. Because our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, fluctuations in currency exchange rates can materially affect our reported results. Although we have entered
into hedging transactions and may enter into additional hedging transactions in the future to help mitigate our foreign exchange risk exposure, these hedging arrangements may not be effective, particularly in the event of imprecise forecasts of the
levels of our non-U.S. denominated assets and liabilities. Accordingly, if there are adverse movements in exchange rates, we may suffer significant losses, which would adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Our efforts to reduce risk in the credit derivatives market and to create a derivative clearing house to act as a central counterparty
in the trading of CDS may not be successful. 

Developing a market structure that brings transparency, capital
efficiency and mitigation of counterparty credit risk by clearing credit defaults swaps transactions is an important initiative for us and we are spending substantial time and effort on this initiative. If our clearing solution through ICE Trust is
not ultimately successful or if one of our competitors’ clearing solutions is more widely accepted than our solution or is mandated or advantaged by government intervention or legislation, we may not be able to offset the additional operating
cost against our income and may be precluded from a valuable opportunity to extend our participation in the CDS space. Further, ICE Trust operates under an exemption from the SEC and the U.S. Treasury Department. If these exemptions are not renewed
and extended, ICE Trust may not be able to continue operating its business or its business could be subject to additional regulation that could severely impact its ability to succeed. 

Regulation of the credit derivatives business is uncertain and such uncertainty, or future regulatory changes, could reduce trading in
the credit derivatives market. 

The current regulatory environment for continued trading of CDS and clearing CDS is
unclear and regulators in the U.S. and Europe may choose to enact additional financial market reforms in the coming months to broaden the purview of credit derivatives regulation and alter the mix of regulators that oversee these markets. The
financial reform legislation passed in the U.S. House of Representatives and other bills under consideration would terminate the Federal Reserve’s jurisdiction over our CDS clearing house. However, the legislation does include a provision to
transfer jurisdiction from the Federal Reserve to the CFTC and the SEC, which should facilitate an orderly transition. At this time, it is unclear whether any requirements or limitations will be adopted with respect to CDS transactions or, if so,
what the scope or content will be. While we plan to continue to work with all regulatory bodies to develop an appropriate solution to ensure that these markets are properly regulated, we do not know the final form such regulation will take. More
stringent regulation could negatively impact transaction volume in the CDS market, which would have a negative impact on our CDS business and, potentially, our clearing initiative. Additionally, the implementation of new regulatory requirements and
processes to ensure continued compliance with such regulations may require us to incur significant compliance costs. Accordingly, future regulatory changes or requirements may adversely affect the conduct of our CDS business. 

50 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Owning Creditex’s business exposes us to additional risk and Creditex is largely
dependent on its broker-dealer clients. These clients are not restricted from transacting or processing CDS directly, or through their own proprietary or third-party platforms. 

Creditex’s business is primarily transaction-based and it provides brokerage services to clients primarily in the form of agency
transactions, although it also engages in a limited number of matched principal transactions. In agency transactions, customers pay transaction fees for trade execution services in which Creditex connects buyers and sellers who settle their
transactions directly and for post-transactional processing services carried out through Creditex’s ICE Processing subsidiaries. In matched principal transactions (also known as “risk-less principal” transactions), Creditex agrees to
buy instruments from one customer and sell them to another customer. The amount of the fee generally depends on the spread between the buy and sell price of the security that is brokered. Such transactions leave Creditex with risk as principal on a
transaction. The majority of the Creditex transactions are agency transactions and the matched principal transactions accounted for approximately 2% of the total transactions for Creditex for the year ended December 31, 2009. With respect to
matched principal transactions, a counterparty to a matched principal transaction may fail to fulfill its obligations, or Creditex may face liability for an unmatched trade. Declines in trading volumes in credit derivatives would adversely affect
the revenues we derive from Creditex. We also face the risk of not being able to collect transaction or processing fees charged to customers for brokerage services and processing services Creditex provides. 

Creditex relies to a large extent on its broker-dealer clients to provide liquidity on its electronic trading platform and to drive usage of
the ICE Link post-trade processing platform. None of these broker-dealer clients is contractually or otherwise obligated to continue to use Creditex’s electronic trading or processing platforms. Creditex’s agreements with broker-dealers
are generally not exclusive and broker-dealers may terminate such agreements and enter into, and in some cases have entered into, similar agreements with Creditex’s competitors. Additionally, many of Creditex’s broker-dealer clients are
involved in other ventures, including other electronic trading and processing platforms, as trading participants or as equity holders, and such ventures or newly created ventures may compete with Creditex now and in the future. 

Any infringement by us of intellectual property rights of others could result in litigation and adversely affect our ability to
continue to provide, or increase the cost of providing, our products and services. 

Patents and other intellectual
property rights are increasingly important as further electronic components are added to trading, and patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties may have an important bearing on our ability to offer certain of our products and
services. Our competitors, as well as other companies and individuals, may have obtained, and may be expected to obtain in the future, patent rights related to the types of products and services we offer or plan to offer. We cannot assure you that
we are or will be aware of all patents that may pose a risk of infringement by our products and services. In addition, some patent applications in the United States are confidential until a patent is issued, and therefore we cannot evaluate the
extent to which our products and services may be covered or asserted to be covered in pending patent applications. Thus, we cannot be sure that our products and services do not infringe on the rights of others or that others will not make claims of
infringement against us. 

Further, our competitors may claim other intellectual property rights over information that is used
by us in our product offerings. In addition, with respect to our intellectual property, if one or more of our products or services is found to infringe patents held by others, it may be required to stop developing or marketing the products or
services, obtain licenses to develop and market the products or services from the holders of the patents or redesign the products or services in such a way as to avoid infringing the patents. We also could be required to pay damages if we were found
to infringe patents held by others, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We cannot assess the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain licenses with respect to patents
held by others, whether such licenses would be

51 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

available or, if available, whether it would be able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms. If we were unable to obtain such licenses, we may not be able to redesign our
products or services at a reasonable cost to avoid infringement, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Some of the proprietary technology we employ may be vulnerable to infringement by others. 

Our business is dependent on proprietary technology and other intellectual property that we own or license from third parties. Despite precautions we have taken or may take to protect our intellectual
property rights, third parties could copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology without authorization. It may be difficult for us to monitor unauthorized use of our intellectual property. We cannot assure you that the steps that we
have taken will prevent misappropriation of our proprietary technology or intellectual property. 

We have filed patent
applications in the United States, Europe and in other jurisdictions on a number of aspects of our electronic trading system and trade confirmation systems. We cannot assure you that we will obtain any final patents covering these services, nor can
we predict the scope of any patents issued. In addition, we cannot assure you that any patent issued will be effective to protect this intellectual property against misappropriation. Third parties in Europe or elsewhere could acquire patents
covering this or other intellectual property for which we obtain patents in the United States, or equivalent intellectual property, as a result of differences in local laws affecting patentability and patent validity. Third parties in other
jurisdictions might also misappropriate our intellectual property rights with impunity if intellectual property protection laws are not actively enforced in those jurisdictions. Patent infringement and/or the grant of parallel patents would erode
the value of our intellectual property. 

We have also secured trademark registrations in multiple jurisdictions for trademarks
used in our business. We cannot assure you that any of these marks for which applications are pending will be registered. 

In
addition, we may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, and determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others or defend ourselves from claims of infringement.
We may not receive an adequate remedy for any infringement of our intellectual property rights, and we may incur substantial costs and diversion of resources and the attention of management as a result of litigation, even if we prevail. As a result,
we may choose not to enforce our infringed intellectual property rights, depending on our strategic evaluation and judgment regarding the best use of our resources, the relative strength of our intellectual property portfolio and the recourse
available to us. 

We rely on specialized employees, including professionals in our clearing and brokerage businesses,
and our business may be harmed if we fail to retain these professionals or attract new ones. 

Our future success
depends, in part, upon the continued contributions of our executive officers and key employees whom we rely on for executing our business strategy and identifying new strategic initiatives. Some of these individuals have significant experience in
the commodities trading industry and financial services markets generally, and possess extensive technology skills and a deep understanding of how various businesses operate. Some of these individuals work on our technology team or are involved with
our clearing operations. 

In addition, many of Creditex’s brokers have extensive institutional knowledge of
Creditex’s services, products, markets and client base and have long-standing relationships with particular clients. Therefore, the hiring of such brokers by other firms could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Competition in our industry
for persons with trading industry or technology expertise is intense. If any of our specialized management or other professionals were to leave, we cannot assure you that we would be able to find appropriate replacements for these key personnel in a
timely manner. Further, we may have to incur significant costs to replace key employees who leave. 

52 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We rely on third party providers and other suppliers for a number of services that are
important to our business. An interruption or cessation of an important service or supply by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We depend on a number of suppliers, such as online service providers, hosting service and software providers, data processors, software and hardware vendors, banks, and telephone companies, for elements
of our trading, clearing and other systems. Moreover, the general trend toward industry consolidation may increase the risk that these services may not be available to us in the future. We also rely on access to certain data used in our business
through licenses with third parties and we rely on a large international telecommunications company for the provision of hosting services. In addition, participants trading on our electronic platform may access it through 42 order routing and 31
trade capture conformed ISVs, which represent a substantial portion of the ISVs that serve the commodities markets. The loss of a significant number of ISVs providing access could make our platform less attractive to participants who prefer this
form of access. If these companies were to discontinue providing services to us, we would likely experience significant disruption to our business. 

We are subject to significant litigation and liability risks. 

Many
aspects of our business, and the businesses of our participants, involve substantial risks of liability. These risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over terms of a trade and the claim that a system failure or delay caused
monetary loss to a participant or that an unauthorized trade occurred. For example, dissatisfied participants that have traded on our electronic platform or those on whose behalf such participants have traded, may make claims regarding the quality
of trade execution, or alleged improperly confirmed or settled trades, abusive trading practices, security and confidentiality breaches, mismanagement or even fraud against us or our participants. In addition, because of the ease and speed with
which sizable trades can be executed on our electronic platform, participants can lose substantial amounts by inadvertently entering trade orders or by entering them inaccurately. A large number of significant error trades could result in
participant dissatisfaction and a decline in participant willingness to trade in our electronic markets. In addition, an adverse resolution of any lawsuit or claim against us may require us to pay substantial damages or impose restrictions on how we
conduct business, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our
compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit and
reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. While we have policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks, we cannot assure you that our policies and
procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed. For example, the CFTC periodically reviews our exchange’s ability to self-regulate and our
compliance with core principles relating to audit trail, trade practice, market surveillance and disciplinary and dispute resolution programs. If we fail to comply with these core principles, the CFTC could take a variety of actions that could
impair our ability to conduct our business. 

In addition, our regulators have broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue
cease-and-desist orders or prohibit us from engaging in some of our businesses. We face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including extensive examination and surveillance activity. In the case of non-compliance or
alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to investigations and proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits, including by customers, for damages which can be significant. Any of these
outcomes would adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. In extreme cases, these outcomes could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.