. 

We
routinely encounter and address risks in conducting our business. Some of these risks may cause our future results to be different — sometimes materially different — than we presently anticipate. Below are certain important operational and
strategic risks that could adversely affect our business. How we react to material future developments, as well as how our competitors react to those developments, could also affect our future results. 

Volatility and increases in the price of raw materials, energy and transportation could harm our profits. 

We use many different raw materials for our business, including essential oils, extracts and concentrates derived from fruits, vegetables,
flowers, woods and other botanicals, animal products, raw fruits, organic chemicals and petroleum-based chemicals. During 2011, the cost of raw materials exceeded our initial estimates and we anticipate modest inflation in commodity and other raw
material prices in 2012. Historically, we have experienced the greatest amount of price volatility in natural products that represent approximately half of our raw material purchases. Availability and pricing of these natural products, such as
citrus and vanilla, can be impacted by crop size and quality, weather or alternative land use which we cannot control. 

If we
are unable to increase the prices to our customers of our fragrance or flavor products to cover raw material and other input cost increases or if we are unable to achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases, our profits and operating results
will be adversely affected. Increases in prices of our products to customers may lead to declines in volume, and we may not be able to accurately predict the volume impact of price increases, which could adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, we source many of our raw materials globally to help ensure quality control. If the cost of energy, shipping and transportation increases and we are unable to pass along these costs to our customers, our profit
margins would be adversely affected. Furthermore, increasing our prices to our customers could result in long-term sales declines or loss of market share if our customers find alternative suppliers or choose to reformulate their consumer products to
use fewer ingredients, which could have a long-term impact on our results of operations. 

To mitigate our sourcing risk, we
maintain strategic stock levels for critical items. However, if we do not accurately estimate the amount of raw materials that will be used or the geographic region in which we will need these materials our margins could be adversely affected.

The current volatility in the global economy may adversely affect consumer spending and may negatively impact our business and operating
results. 

Our flavors and fragrances are components of a wide assortment of global consumer products throughout the world.
Since mid-2008, the global economy has experienced significant recessionary pressures and declines 

11 

Table of Contents

in consumer confidence and economic growth. These conditions led to economic contractions in the developed economies and reduced growth rates in the emerging markets. While some segments of the
global economy appear to be recovering, the ongoing debt crisis in Europe and the austerity plans being adopted in many countries has, and may in the near future, increase unemployment and underemployment, decrease salaries and wage rates, increase
energy prices and inflation or result in other market-wide cost pressures that will adversely affect demand for consumer products in both developed and emerging markets. Reduced consumer spending may cause changes in our customer orders including
reduced demand for our flavors and fragrances, increased pressure to reduce the price of our flavors and fragrances and/or order cancellations. To the extent that the volatility in global economic conditions continue, our sales, profitability and
overall operating results could be adversely affected. 

We may not successfully develop and introduce new products that appeal to our
customers or our customers may not accurately anticipate and respond to global consumer market trends. 

Our growth and
performance largely depends on our ability to successfully develop and introduce new products and product improvements that appeal to our customers, and ultimately to global consumers. We must continually anticipate and react to, in a timely and
cost-efficient manner, changes in consumer preferences and demands. We cannot be certain that we will successfully achieve our innovation goals. We currently spend approximately 8% of our sales on research and development; however, such investments
may only generate future revenues to the extent that we are able to successfully develop products that meet our customers’ specifications, that can be delivered at an acceptable price and that are accepted by the targeted consumer market.
Furthermore, there may be significant lag times from the time we incur R&D costs to the time that these R&D costs may result in increased revenue. Consequently, even when we have “won” a project, our ability to generate revenues as
a result of these investments is subject to numerous economic and other risks that are outside of our control, including delays by our customers in the launch of a new product, insufficient resources allocated by our customers to promoting the new
product, anticipated sales by our customers not being realized or changes in market preferences or demands. 

Failure to maintain the
integrity of our raw materials, supply chain and finished goods may adversely impact sales and our results of operations, litigation costs and our reputation. 

The manufacture and sale of our products are subject to various regulatory requirements in each of the countries in which our products are manufactured and sold. In addition, we are subject to product
safety and compliance requirements established by the industry or similar oversight bodies. We use a variety of strategies, methodologies and tools to (i) identify current product standards, (ii) assess relative risks in our supply chain
that can impact product integrity, (iii) monitor internal and external performance and (iv) test raw materials and finished goods to minimize the likelihood of product or process non-compliance. 

If a product non-compliance event were to go undetected, we could be subject to customer claims, recalls, penalties, litigation costs
and/or settlements, remediation costs or loss of sales. These consequences would be exacerbated if our customer did not identify the defect and there was a resulting impact at the consumer level. This could lead to potentially large scale adverse
publicity, recalls and potential consumer litigation. Furthermore, adverse publicity about our products, including concerns about product safety or similar issues, whether real or perceived, could harm our reputation and result in an immediate
adverse effect on our sales, as well as require us to utilize significant resources to rebuild our reputation. 

The increase in demand for
consumer products using flavors and fragrances has been driven by factors outside of our control, and if these factors do not persist our future growth could be adversely affected. 

Demand for consumer products using flavors and fragrances has been stimulated and broadened by changing social habits and economic growth,
especially in emerging markets. Nearly 46% of our 2011 sales were generated in emerging markets and we expect emerging markets to significantly contribute to our future growth. Increasing consumer demand for products using flavors and fragrances is
dependent on factors such as increases 

12 

Table of Contents

in personal income, dual-earner households, teenage population, leisure time, health concerns and urbanization and by the continued growth in world population, all of which are outside of our
control. Changes in any number of external economic factors, or changes in social or consumer preferences, could materially adversely impact our results of operations. Accordingly, our future growth will depend upon the continued economic growth and
development of consumer spending on products for which we supply the flavor or fragrance in these global markets. 

Our international
operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position. 

We operate on a global basis, with manufacturing and sales facilities in the United States, Europe, Africa and the Middle East, Latin America, and Greater Asia. During 2011, the majority of our net sales
were generated outside the United States and we intend to continue expansion of our international operations. As a result, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in international operations. These risks, which can vary substantially
by market, are described in many of the risk factors in this section and include the following: 

Ÿ

 governmental laws, regulations and policies adopted to manage national economic conditions, such as increases in taxes, austerity measures that impact
consumer spending, monetary policies that may impact inflation rates and currency fluctuations; 

Ÿ

 the effects of legal and regulatory changes and the burdens and costs of our compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations;

Ÿ

 the imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements, which could adversely
affect our cost or ability to import raw materials or export our flavors or fragrances to surrounding markets; 

Ÿ

 our ability to anticipate and adapt our flavors and fragrances to local preferences; 

Ÿ

 risks and costs arising from language and cultural differences; 

Ÿ

 changes in the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in the countries in which we operate, including the risk of expropriation or
nationalization, and the costs and ability to repatriate the revenue that we generate in these countries; 

Ÿ

 risks and costs associated with political and economic instability, corruption, and social and ethnic unrest in the countries in which we operate;

Ÿ

 difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained personnel; 

Ÿ

 risks and costs associated with health or similar issues, such as a pandemic or epidemic; 

Ÿ

 the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application and
enforceability of laws and regulations and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights. 

These factors may increase in importance as we expand our operations in emerging markets as part of our growth strategy. 

In addition, there is a risk of potentially higher incidence of fraud or corruption in certain foreign jurisdictions or increased risk of internal control issues. As needed, we conduct internal
investigations, control testing and compliance reviews to help ensure that we are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Additionally, we could be subject to inquiries or investigations by government and other regulatory bodies. Any
determination that our operations or activities are not in compliance with U.S. laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or international laws and regulations could expose us to significant fines, penalties or other sanctions that may harm
our business and reputation. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights

We rely on patents and trade secrets to protect our intellectual property rights. As part of our strategy to protect our
intellectual property rights, we often rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary fragrance and flavor formulations, as this does not require us to publicly file information regarding our intellectual property. If a third party infringes upon
our intellectual property, or if a third party claims that we have infringed upon their intellectual property rights, we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions to assert our intellectual property rights or to defend ourselves
from assertions of invalidity, infringement or misappropriation. For those intellectual property rights that are protected by way of trade secrets, this litigation could result in even higher costs, and potentially the loss of certain rights, as we
would not have a perfected intellectual property right that precludes others from making, using or selling our products or processes. 

For intellectual property rights that we seek to protect through patents, we cannot be certain that these rights, if obtained, will not later be opposed, invalidated, or circumvented. In addition, even if
such rights are obtained in the United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties were to
infringe on our intellectual property rights, or if a third party successfully asserted that we had infringed on their intellectual property rights, it could materially and adversely affect our future results of operations by (i) reducing the
price that we could obtain in the marketplace for products which are based on such rights, (ii) increasing the royalty or other fees that we may be required to pay in connection with such rights or (iii) limiting the volume, if any, of
such products that we can sell. 

Our business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively our sales and results of
operations will suffer. 

The market for flavors and fragrances is highly competitive. We face vigorous competition from
companies throughout the world, including multinational and specialized flavor and fragrance companies, as well as consumer product companies who may develop their own flavors or fragrances. Some of our competitors specialize in one or more of our
product segments, while others participate in many of our product segments. In addition, some of our global competitors may have greater resources than we do or may have proprietary products that could permit them to respond to changing business and
economic conditions more effectively than we can. Consolidation of our competitors may exacerbate these risks. 

Competition in
our business is based on innovation, product quality, pricing, quality of our customer service, the support provided by our marketing and application groups, and our understanding of consumers. It is difficult for us to predict the timing and scale
of our competitors’ actions in these areas. The discovery and development of new flavor and fragrance materials, protection of the Company’s intellectual property and development and retention of key employees are important issues in our
ability to compete in our businesses. Increased competition by existing or future competitors, including aggressive price competition, could result in the potential loss of substantial sales or create the need for us to reduce prices or increase
spending and this could have an impact on sales and profitability. 

Large multinational customers, and increasingly, mid-sized
customers, may limit the number of their suppliers, giving those that remain on “core lists” priority for new or modified products. To compete more successfully in this environment, we must continue to make investments in customer
relationships and tailor product research and development in order to anticipate customers’ needs, provide effective service and secure and maintain inclusion on certain “core lists.” If we are unable to do so, it could adversely
impact our future results of operations. 

Our success depends on attracting and retaining talented people within our business. Significant
shortfalls in recruitment or retention could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals. 

Attracting, developing, and retaining talented employees, including our perfumers and flavorists, is essential to the successful delivery
of our products and success in the marketplace. Competition for these employees can 

14 

Table of Contents

be intense. The ability to attract and retain talented employees is critical in the development of new products and technologies which is an integral component of our growth strategy. However, we
may not be able to attract and retain such employees in the future. If we experience significant shortfalls in recruitment or retention, our ability to effectively compete with our competitors and to grow our business could be adversely affected.

Our reliance on a limited base of suppliers may result in a disruption to our business. 

For certain raw materials, we rely on a limited number of suppliers and we may not have readily available alternatives. If we are unable
to maintain our supplier arrangements and relationships and are unable to obtain the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business, or if any of our key suppliers becomes insolvent or experiences other financial distress, we could
experience disruptions in production and our financial results could be adversely affected. 

A disruption in operations or our supply chain
could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

As a company engaged in development, manufacturing and
distribution on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in supply chain or information systems, loss or impairment
of key manufacturing sites, product quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters and other external factors over which we have no control. If any of these events were to occur, it could
have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, while we have manufacturing facilities throughout the world, certain of our facilities are the sole manufacturer of a specific ingredient. If the manufacture of that
ingredient were disrupted, the cost of relocating or replacing the production of an ingredient or reformulating a product may be substantial, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

Our results may be negatively impacted by the outcome of uncertainties related to litigation. 

We are involved in a number of legal claims and litigation, including claims related to indirect taxes. We cannot predict the ultimate
outcome of such litigation. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that future events will not result in an increase in the number of claims or require an increase in the amount accrued for any such claims, or require accrual for one or more
claims that has not been previously accrued. 

Our future success depends on our ability to achieve our long-term strategy. 

Achieving our long-term objectives will require investment in product innovation and expanding our presence in emerging markets. These
investments may result in short-term costs without any current revenues and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings, at least in the short term. In addition, as part of our strategy to maximize the economic profitability of our product
portfolio, we may employ various strategies, including increasing pricing, implementing cost reduction or containment measures or phasing out low margin products. We may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits of our strategy, and
we may incur costs or special charges related to our strategy. The failure to realize benefits, which may be due to our inability to execute plans, global or local economic conditions, competition, changes in our industry and the other risks
described herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The level of
returns on pension and postretirement plan assets and the actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes could affect our earnings and cash flows in future periods. Changes in government regulations could also affect our pension and
postretirement plan expenses and funding requirements. 

The funding obligations for our pension plans are impacted by the
performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity markets, and interest rates. Funding obligations are determined under government regulations and are measured each year based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific date. If
the financial markets do not provide the long-term returns that are expected under the governmental funding calculations, we could be required to make larger contributions. The equity markets can be, and recently have been, very volatile, and
therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in 

15 

Table of Contents

relatively short periods of time. Similarly, changes in interest rates and legislation enacted by governmental authorities can impact the timing and amounts of contribution requirements. An
adverse change in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our required contributions in the future and adversely impact our liquidity. 

Assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans are determined by us in consultation with outside
consultants and advisors. In the event that we determine that changes are warranted in the assumptions used, such as the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on assets, or expected health care costs, our future pension and postretirement
benefit expenses could increase or decrease. Due to changing market conditions or changes in the participant population, the assumptions that we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and
postretirement liabilities and related costs and funding requirements. 

Impairment charges on our long-lived assets could have a material
adverse effect on our financial results. 

Future events may occur that would adversely affect the reported value of our
long-lived assets and require impairment charges. Such events may include, but are not limited to, strategic decisions made in response to changes in economic and competitive conditions, the impact of the economic environment on our sales and our
relationship with significant customers or business partners, or a sustained decline in our stock price. We continue to evaluate the impact of economic and other developments on our business to assess whether impairment indicators are present.
Accordingly, we may perform impairment tests more frequently than annually required, based on changes in the economic environment and other factors, and these tests could result in impairment charges in the future. 

Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully execute acquisitions, collaborations and joint ventures.

From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, collaborations or joint ventures that align with our strategic
objectives. The success of such activity depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable buyers or partners; perform effective assessments prior to contract execution; negotiate contract terms; and, if applicable, obtain government approval.
These activities may present certain financial, managerial and operational risks, including diversion of management’s attention from existing core businesses; difficulties integrating or separating businesses from existing operations, including
employee integration; and challenges presented by acquisitions, collaborations or joint ventures which may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. If the acquisitions, collaborations or joint ventures are not
successfully implemented or completed, there could be a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our results of operations may be negatively affected by the impact of currency fluctuation or devaluation in the international markets in which we
operate. 

Our operations are conducted in many countries, the results of which are reported in the local currency and then
translated into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. The exchange rates between these currencies and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated and will continue to do so in the future. Volatility in currency exchange rates may materially adversely
impact our reported results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. We employ a variety of techniques to reduce the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, including sourcing strategies and a limited number of foreign currency hedging
activities. However, if our hedging and risk management strategies are not effective, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our future
results. 

We are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates
could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes 

16 

Table of Contents

in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in liabilities for uncertain tax positions, cost of repatriations or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. In addition, the
current administration and Congress have announced proposals for new U.S. tax legislation that, if adopted, could adversely affect our tax rate. Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. We are also subject to
the continual examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and foreign tax authorities in those countries in which we operate. In particular, we are currently involved in tax disputes with the Spanish tax authorities
regarding certain tax positions taken in our Spanish subsidiaries’ tax returns and anticipate that we will receive additional assessments for matters similar to those under appeal. We are disputing the pending tax assessments and intend to
dispute any future tax assessment that challenges these same tax positions. The final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of a tax
audit or related litigation could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period or periods in which that determination is made. 

Our operations may be affected by greenhouse emissions and climate change and related regulations. 

The availability of raw materials and energy supplies fluctuate in markets throughout the world. Climate change may also affect the availability and price of key raw materials, including natural products
used in the manufacture of our products. In order to mitigate the risk of price increases and shortages, our purchasers have developed various sourcing strategies, including multiple suppliers, inventory management systems, various geographic
suppliers and long-term agreements to mitigate risk. 

In addition to market forces, there are various regulatory efforts
relating to climate change that may increase the cost of raw materials, particularly energy used to operate our facilities, that could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Information technology system failures or interruptions or breaches of our network security may interrupt our operations, subject us to increased
operating costs and expose us to litigation. 

We have information systems that support our business processes, including
product formulas, product development, sales, order processing, production, distribution, finance and intra-company communications throughout the world. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications
failures, break-ins and similar events. In addition, our systems may be vulnerable to computer viruses, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. The occurrence of these or other events could interrupt our operations,
subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation.