related to gaming regulation are discussed in Part 1, Item 1A. Changes in or new interpretations of existing gaming laws and regulations may hinder or prevent us from continuing to operate in certain jurisdictions. Regulatory challenges related to our interactive operations in Europe are discussed in our MDA-CONSOLIDATED RESULTS, MDA--BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS, and Note 20.

14

Table of Contents



Our business is vulnerable to changing economic conditions and to other factors that adversely affect the gaming industry, which have negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact the play levels of our participation games, our product sales, and our ability to collect outstanding receivables.

Demand for our products and services depends largely upon favorable conditions in the gaming industry, which is highly sensitive to players’ disposable incomes and gaming activities. Discretionary spending on entertainment activities could further decline for reasons beyond our control, such as a continued slow economic recovery and negative economic conditions, sustained levels of unemployment, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, transportation costs or disruptions, or health epidemics. Any prolonged or significant decrease in consumer spending on entertainment activities could result in reduced play levels on our participation games, causing our cash flows and revenues from a large share of our recurring revenue products to decline. Recent unfavorable economic conditions resulted in a tightening in the credit markets, decreased liquidity in many financial markets, significant volatility in the credit and equity markets, and uncertainty about continuing economic stability remains.

A decline in the relative health of the gaming industry and any difficulty or inability of our customers to obtain adequate levels of capital to finance their ongoing operations may reduce their resources available to purchase our products and services or affect our ability to collect outstanding receivables, which adversely affects our revenues. If we experience a significant unexpected decrease in demand for our products, we could also be required to increase our inventory obsolescence charges.

Furthermore, an extended economic downturn could impact the ability of our customers to make timely payments to us which could adversely affect our results of operations. We have, and may continue, to incur additional provisions for bad debt related to credit concerns on certain receivables, including in connection with customer financing we provide to customers, which has recently increased in amount.

Our ability to operate in our existing land-based or online jurisdictions or expand into new land-based or online jurisdictions could be adversely affected by new or changing laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, and difficulties or delays in obtaining or maintaining needed licenses or product approvals.

The gaming industry is subject to extensive governmental regulation by US federal, state and local governments, as well as tribal officials or organizations and foreign governments. While the regulatory requirements vary by jurisdiction, most require:

·

licenses and/or permits

·

findings of suitability for the company, as well as individual suitability of officers, directors, major shareholders and key employees

·

documentation of qualifications, including evidence of financial stability

·

other required approvals for companies who manufacture or distribute gaming equipment and services, including but not limited to approvals for new products

Any license, permit, approval or finding of suitability may be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time.  We may be unable to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals, and could incur fines or experience delays related to the licensing process which could adversely affect our operations and our ability to retain key employees.

To expand into new jurisdictions, we may need to be licensed, obtain approvals of our products and/or seek licensure of our officers, directors, major stockholders, key employees or business partners. If we fail to seek, do not receive, or receive a revocation of a license in a particular jurisdiction, we cannot sell, service or place on a participation or leased basis our products in that jurisdiction and our issued licenses in other jurisdictions may be impacted. Any delays in obtaining or difficulty in maintaining regulatory approvals needed for expansion within existing markets or into new jurisdictions can negatively affect our opportunities for growth or delay our ability to recognize revenue from the sale or installation of products in any such jurisdictions.

Public opinion can also exert a significant influence over the regulation of the gaming industry. A negative shift in the public's perception of gaming could affect future legislation in individual jurisdictions.  Among other things, such a shift could cause jurisdictions to abandon proposals to legalize gaming, thereby limiting the number of new jurisdictions into which we could expand.  Negative public perception could also lead to new restrictions on or the prohibition of gaming in jurisdictions in which we currently operate.

15

Table of Contents

Further, changes in existing gaming laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing gaming laws or regulations or changes in the manner in which existing laws and regulations are enforced, all with respect to land-based and online gaming activities, may hinder or prevent us from continuing to operate in those jurisdictions where we currently do business, which would harm our operating results. In particular, the enactment of unfavorable legislation or government efforts affecting or directed at manufacturers or gaming operators, such as referendums to increase gaming taxes or requirements to use local distributors, would likely have a negative impact on our operations.  Additionally, evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy, cybersecurity and anti-money laundering could adversely impact opportunities for growth in our online business, and could result in additional compliance-related costs.

Slow growth in the establishment of new gaming jurisdictions or the number of new casinos, declines in the rate of replacement of existing gaming machines and ownership changes and consolidation in the casino industry could limit or reduce our future profits.

Demand for our products is driven substantially by the establishment of new land-based and/or online gaming jurisdictions, the addition of new casinos or expansion of existing casinos within existing gaming jurisdictions and the replacement of existing gaming machines. The establishment or expansion of gaming in any jurisdiction, whether land-based or online, typically requires a public referendum or other legislative action. As a result, gaming continues to be the subject of public debate, and there are numerous active organizations that oppose gaming. Opposition to gaming could result in restrictions on, or even prohibitions of, gaming operations or the expansion of operations in any jurisdiction.

In addition, the construction of new casinos or expansion of existing casinos fluctuates with demand, general economic conditions and the availability of financing. Slow growth in the establishment of new gaming jurisdictions, delays in the opening of new or expanded casinos and declines in, or low levels of demand for, machine replacements could reduce the demand for our products and our future profits. Because a substantial portion of our sales come from repeat customers, our business could be affected if one or more of our customers consolidates with another entity that utilizes more of the products and services of our competitors or that reduces spending on our products or causes downward pricing pressures.  Such consolidations could lead to order cancellations, a slowing in the rate of gaming machine replacements, or require our current customers to switch to our competitors’ products, any of which could negatively impact our results of operations.

Demand for our products and the level of play of our products could be adversely affected by changes in player and operator preferences.

As a supplier of gaming machines, we must offer themes and products that appeal to gaming operators and players. There is constant pressure to develop and market new game content and technologically innovative products.  Our revenues are dependent on the earning power and life span of our games. We therefore face continuous pressure to design and deploy new and successful game themes to maintain our revenue and remain competitive.  If we are unable to anticipate or react timely to any significant changes in player preferences, such as a negative change in the trend of acceptance of our newest systems innovations or jackpot fatigue (declining play levels on smaller jackpots), the demand for our gaming products and the level of play of our gaming products could decline. Further, our products could suffer a loss of floor space to table games or other more technologically advanced games or operators may reduce revenue sharing arrangements, each of which would harm our sales and financial results. In addition, general changes in consumer behavior, such as reduced travel activity or redirection of entertainment dollars to other venues, could result in reduced demand and reduced play levels for our gaming products.

The gaming industry is intensely competitive. We face competition from a growing number of companies and, if we are unable to compete effectively, our business could be negatively impacted.

Competition among gaming and systems providers, including manufacturers of electronic gaming equipment and systems products, is intense.  Competition in our industry is primarily based on the amount of profit our products generate for our customers, together with cost savings, convenience, and other benefits. Additionally, we compete on the basis of price, pricing models, and financing terms made available to customers, the appeal of game content and features to the end player, and the features and functionality of our hardware and software products. Our competitors range from small, localized companies to large, multi-national corporations, several of which have substantial resources.

16

Table of Contents

Competition in the gaming industry is intense due to the increasing number of providers, combined with the limited number of operators and jurisdictions in which they operate. In particular, we have observed an influx of small gaming equipment manufacturers entering the market over the last few years. This combination of a growing number of providers and a limited number of operators has resulted in an increased focus on price to value.  To compete effectively, providers must offer innovative products, with increasing features and functionality benefiting the operators along with game content appealing to the end player, at prices and, in certain cases, financing terms that are attractive to operators.

There has also been consolidation recently in the gaming industry among our competitors.  Such consolidation could alter the competitive landscape of the industry by resulting in the formation of larger competitors with increased financial resources and altered cost structures, which may enable them to have more competitive pricing models and gain a larger market share of customers, as well as expanded product offerings and broader geographic scope of operations.

Obtaining space and favorable placement on casino gaming floors is also a competitive factor in our industry. In addition, the level of competition among equipment providers has increased significantly due to consolidation among casino operators and cutbacks in capital spending by casino operators resulting from the economic downturn and resulting decreased player spend.

Our online social gaming and wagering operations are also subject to intense competition. In particular, the online social gaming casino operated by DoubleDown is relatively new and has lower barriers to entry. Several companies have launched social casino offerings, and new competitors are likely to continue to emerge, some of which may be operated by social gaming companies with a larger base of existing users, or by casino operators with more experience in operating a casino. If the products offered through our online businesses do not maintain their popularity, or fail to grow in a manner that meets our expectations, our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed.

Our success in the competitive gaming industry depends in large part on our ability to develop and manage frequent introductions of innovative products.

The gaming industry is characterized by dynamic customer demand and technological advances, both for land-based and online gaming products. As a result, we must continually introduce and successfully market new themes and technologies in order to remain competitive and effectively stimulate customer demand.  The process of developing new products and systems is inherently complex and uncertain.  It requires accurate anticipation of changing customer needs and end user preferences as well as emerging technological trends.  If our competitors develop new game content and technologically innovative products and we fail to keep pace, our business could be adversely affected.  To remain competitive, we invest resources towards our research and development efforts to introduce new and innovative games with dynamic features to attract new customers and retain existing customers.  If we fail to accurately anticipate customer needs and end user preferences through the development of new products and technologies, we could lose business to our competitors, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.

We intend to continue investing resources toward our research and development efforts.  There is no assurance that our investments in research and development will lead to successful new technologies or timely new products.  We invest heavily in product development in various disciplines: platform hardware, platform software, online services, content (game) design and casino software systems. Because our newer products are generally more technologically sophisticated than those we have produced in the past, we must continually refine our design, development and delivery capabilities across all channels to meet the needs of our product innovation.  If we cannot efficiently adapt our processes and infrastructure to meet the needs of our product innovations, our business could be negatively impacted.

Our customers will accept a new game product only if it is likely to increase operator profits more than competitors’ products. The amount of operator profits primarily depends on consumer play levels, which are influenced by player demand for our product.  There is no certainty that our new products will attain this market acceptance or that our competitors will not more effectively anticipate or respond to changing customer preferences. In addition, any delays by us in introducing new products could negatively impact our operating results by providing an opportunity for our competitors to introduce new products and gain market share ahead of us.

17

Table of Contents

The risks related to operations in foreign countries and outside of traditional US jurisdictions could negatively affect our results.

We operate in many countries outside of the US and in tribal jurisdictions with sovereign immunity which subjects us to certain inherent risks.  A significant portion of our revenues is derived from our International business segment. In addition, certain aspects of our domestic business, such as our supply chain, may be impacted by events and conditions internationally. Developments such as noted below could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations:

·

social, political or economic instability

·

additional costs of compliance with international laws or unexpected changes in regulatory requirements

·

the effects that evolving regulations regarding data privacy may have on our online operations

·

tariffs and other trade barriers

·

volatility of international financial markets and fluctuations in currency exchange rates

·

adverse changes in the creditworthiness of parties with whom we have significant receivables or forward currency exchange contracts

·

longer receivables collection periods and increased difficulty in collecting accounts receivables

·

expropriation, nationalization and restrictions on repatriation of funds or assets

·

difficulty protecting our intellectual property, especially in countries with fewer intellectual property protections

·

recessions in foreign economies

·

difficulties in maintaining, managing and financing foreign operations

·

changes in consumer tastes and trends across different jurisdictions

·

acts of war or terrorism

·

US government requirements for export

We may be unable to protect our IP.

A significant portion of our revenues is generated from products using certain IP rights, and our operating results would be negatively impacted if we are unsuccessful in licensing certain of those rights and/or protecting those rights from infringement, including losses of proprietary information from breaches of our cybersecurity efforts. In addition, some of our most popular games and features are based on trademarks, patents, and other IP licensed from third parties. Our future success may depend upon our ability to obtain, retain and/or expand licenses for popular IP rights with reasonable terms in a competitive market. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand existing licenses, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the games or gaming machines that use the licensed technology or bear the licensed marks.

Our success may depend in part on our ability to obtain trademark protection for the names or symbols under which we market our products and to obtain copyright protection and patent protection of our proprietary technologies, intellectual property and other game innovations. We may not be able to build and maintain goodwill in our trademarks or obtain trademark or patent protection, and there can be no assurance that any trademark, copyright or issued patent will provide competitive advantages for us or that our intellectual properties will not be successfully challenged or circumvented by competitors.

We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect certain proprietary knowledge and have entered into confidentiality agreements with our employees and independent contractors regarding our trade secrets and proprietary information. However, there can be no guarantees that our employees and consultants will not breach these agreements, especially in light of increased social media use and the risk that proprietary information will not be adequately protected.  If these agreements are breached, it is unlikely that the remedies available to us will be sufficient to compensate us for the damages suffered.  Additionally, despite various confidentiality agreements and other trade secret protections, our trade secrets and proprietary know-how could become known to, or independently developed by, competitors.

18

Table of Contents

We may be subject to claims of IP infringement or invalidity and adverse outcomes of litigation could unfavorably affect our operating results.

Competitors and others may infringe on our intellectual property rights, or may allege that we have infringed on theirs. Monitoring infringement and misappropriation of intellectual property can be difficult and expensive, and we may not be able to detect infringement or misappropriation of our proprietary rights. We may also incur significant litigation costs and other expenses protecting our intellectual property or defending our use of intellectual property, reducing our ability to bring new products to market in the future. These expenses could have an adverse effect on our future cash flows and results of operations.  Our assessment of current IP litigation could change in light of the discovery of facts not presently known to us, or determinations by judges, juries or others that do not agree with our evaluation of the possible liability or outcome of such litigation.  If we are found to infringe on the rights of others we could be required to discontinue offering certain products or systems, to pay damages, or purchase a license to use the intellectual property in question from its owner. Litigation can also distract management from the day-to-day operations of the business. There can be no assurances that certain of our products, including those with currently pending patent applications, will not be determined to have infringed upon an existing third party patent.

In addition, intellectual property rights of others, including our competitors, may prevent us from taking advantage of innovative technologies by restricting our ability to develop these technologies ourselves, incorporate new technologies into our systems, or enter new markets created by these technologies, all of which may adversely affect our competitive position and results of operations.

Our online social gaming casino offering is conducted largely through Facebook and Apple’s IOS platform, and our business and our growth prospects would suffer if we fail to maintain good relationships with Facebook and Apple, or if Facebook or Apple were to alter the terms of our relationship.

DoubleDown Casino®, which is our online social gaming casino offering, operates largely through Facebook and Apple’s IOS platform.  Consequently, our operating platform, growth prospects and future revenues from this online offering are dependent on our continued relationships with Facebook and Apple.  While DoubleDown has historically maintained good relationships with Facebook and Apple, our online social gaming casino offering would suffer if we are unable to continue these relationships in the future.

In addition, our relationships with Facebook and Apple are not governed by a contract, but rather by Facebook and Apple’s standard terms and conditions for application developers. Facebook and Apple each modify these terms and conditions as well as their respective privacy policies from time to time, and any future changes, including any changes required as a result of government regulation, could have a material adverse impact on our business.  For example, if Facebook and Apple were to increase the fees they charge application developers, our gross profit and operating income would suffer.  Additionally, if users were to limit our ability to use their personal information, if Facebook and Apple were to develop competitive offerings, either on its own or in cooperation with another competitor, or if Facebook and Apple were to alter their operating platform to our detriment, our growth prospects would be negatively impacted.

Business combinations and investments in intellectual properties or affiliates present risk, and we may not be able to realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of the transaction, which could materially affect our financial results.

We have invested and may continue to invest in strategic business combinations and acquisitions of important technologies and IP that we believe will expand our geographic reach, product lines, and/or customer base.  We may encounter difficulties in the assimilation of acquired operations, technologies and/or products, or an acquisition may prove to be less valuable than the price we paid, or we may otherwise not realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition. We also may encounter difficulties applying our internal controls to an acquired business. Any of these events or circumstances may have an adverse effect on our business by requiring us to, among other things, record substantial impairment charges on goodwill and other intangible assets, resulting in a negative impact on our operating results.

Moreover, as we continue the process of evaluating our business in conjunction with an assessment of our long-term strategic goals, we will also further evaluate past and potential investments to determine if and how they will fit into our organizational structure going forward. If an event or change occurs in affiliate relationships or agreements associated with business combinations, we may be required to reassess cash flows, recoverability, useful lives, and fair value measurements, which may result in material impairment charges.

19

Table of Contents

As we enter into new lines of business and expand our online offerings, there may be unintended adverse effects on our land-based business. For example, our online social gaming DoubleDown Casino® may be offered on Facebook alongside existing or planned online social gaming casino offerings by one or more of our casino customers. One or more of such casino customers could view our online social gaming casino offering as competing with its offering. If, as a result of this view, one or more of such customers modifies, reduces or terminates its business relationship with us with respect to our land-based products and services, it could have a negative impact on our business and our operating results.

Failure to attract, retain and motivate key employees may adversely affect our ability to compete.

Our success depends largely on recruiting and retaining talented employees.  Our ability to attract and retain key management, finance, marketing, and research and development personnel is directly linked to our continued success. The market for qualified executives and highly-skilled technical workers is intensely competitive. The loss of key employees or an inability to hire a sufficient number of technical staff could limit our ability to develop successful products and could cause delays in getting new products to market.

Our gaming machines and online operations may experience losses due to technical problems or fraudulent activities.

Our success depends on our ability to avoid, detect, replicate and correct software and hardware anomalies and fraudulent manipulation of our gaming machines, systems, and online offerings. We incorporate security features into the design of our gaming machines and other systems, including those responsible for our online operations, which are designed to prevent us and our patrons from being defrauded. We also monitor our software and hardware to avoid, detect and correct any technical errors. However, there can be no guarantee that our security features or technical efforts will continue to be effective in the future. If our security systems fail to prevent fraud or if we experience any significant technical difficulties, our operating results could be adversely affected. Additionally, if third parties breach our security systems and defraud our patrons, or if our hardware or software experiences any technical anomalies, the public may lose confidence in our gaming products and online operations or we could become subject to legal claims by our customers or to investigation by gaming authorities.

Our gaming machines and online offerings have experienced anomalies and fraudulent manipulation in the past. Games and gaming machines may be replaced by casinos and other gaming machine operators if they do not perform according to expectations, or may be shut down by regulators. The occurrence of anomalies in, or fraudulent manipulation of, our games, gaming machines, systems, or online games and systems may give rise to claims for lost revenues and related litigation by our customers and may subject us to investigation or other action by gaming regulatory authorities, including suspension or revocation of our gaming licenses, or other disciplinary action.

Our online offerings are part of a new and evolving industry, which presents significant uncertainty and business risks.

Online gaming, including social casino-style gaming, is a relatively new industry that continues to evolve.  The success of this industry and our online business will be affected by future developments in social networks, mobile platforms, legal or regulatory developments (such as the passage of new laws or regulations or the extension of existing laws or regulations to social casino-style gaming activities), taxation of gaming activities, data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, and other factors that we are unable to predict, and are beyond our control.  This environment can make it difficult to plan strategically and can provide opportunities for competitors to grow revenues at our expense. Consequently, our future operating results relating to our online offerings may be difficult to predict and we cannot provide assurance that our online offerings will grow at the rates we expect, or be successful in the long term.

In addition, we use social media platforms, such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter, as marketing tools.  These platforms allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Negative commentary regarding us or the products we sell may be posted on social media platforms and similar devices at any time and may be adverse to our reputation or business.  As laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and mobile devices, the failure by us, our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations or subject us to fines or other penalties.

20

Table of Contents

Systems, network or telecommunications failures or cyber-attacks may disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

Any disruption in our network or telecommunications services, or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, could affect our ability to operate our games or financial systems, which would result in reduced revenues and customer down time. Our network and databases of business and customer information, including intellectual property, trade secrets, and other proprietary business information and those of third parties we utilize, are susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, break-ins, cyber-attacks, network penetration, data privacy or security breaches, denial of service attacks, and similar events, including inadvertent dissemination of information due to increased use of social media. Despite the implementation by us and third parties we utilize of network security measures and data protection safeguards, including a disaster recovery strategy for back office systems, our servers and computer resources, and those of third parties we utilize, are vulnerable to viruses, malicious software, hacking, break-ins or theft, third-party security breaches, employee error or malfeasance, and other potential compromises. Disruptions from unauthorized access to or tampering with our computer systems, or those of third parties we utilize, in any such event could result in a wide range of negative outcomes, including devaluation of our intellectual property, increased expenditures on data security, and costly litigation, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition.

Any disruption in our network or telecommunications services could affect our ability to operate our games or financial systems, which would result in reduced revenues and customer down time. Our network and databases of business and customer information, including intellectual property, trade secrets, and other proprietary business information, are susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, break-ins, cyber-attacks, network penetration, data privacy or security breaches, denial of service attacks, and similar events, including inadvertent dissemination of information due to increased use of social media. Despite our implementation of network security measures and data protection safeguards, including a disaster recovery strategy for back office systems, our servers and computer resources are vulnerable to viruses, malicious software, hacking, break-ins or theft, third-party security breaches, employee error or malfeasance, and other potential compromises. Disruptions from unauthorized access to or tampering with our computer systems in any such event could result in a wide range of negative outcomes, including devaluation of our intellectual property, increased expenditures on data security, and costly litigation, adverse publicity or regulatory action, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture that could unexpectedly interfere with our operations. The cost to alleviate security risks, defects in software and hardware and address any problems that occur could negatively impact our sales, distribution and other critical functions, as well as our financial results.

Our outstanding domestic credit facility subjects us to financial covenants which may limit our flexibility.

Our domestic credit facility subjects us to a number of financial covenants, including a minimum ratio of adjusted EBITDA to interest expense minus interest on jackpot liabilities and a maximum ratio of net funded debt to adjusted EBITDA. Our failure or inability to comply with these covenants will cause an event of default that, if not cured, could cause the entire outstanding borrowings under our domestic credit facility, 5.35% Bonds, 5.5% Bonds, 7.5% Bonds and Notes to become immediately due and payable. In addition, our interest rate under the domestic credit facility can vary based on our public credit rating or our net funded debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio. Each of these measures may be adversely impacted by unfavorable economic conditions.  The domestic credit facility also includes restrictions that may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry.

Our outstanding Notes subject us to additional risks.

Our Notes issued in May 2009 contain a net settlement feature, which entitles holders to receive cash up to $1,000 per Note and shares for any excess conversion value as determined by the respective governing indentures. Consequently, if a significant number of Notes are converted or redeemed, we would be required to make significant cash payments to the holders who convert or redeem the Notes.

21

Table of Contents

In connection with the offering of the Notes, we entered into additional separate transactions for note hedges and warrant transactions. In connection with these transactions, the hedge counterparties and/or their respective affiliates may enter into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and may enter into or unwind various derivative transactions and/or purchase or sell our common stock in secondary market transactions prior to maturity of the Notes. These activities could have the effect of increasing or preventing a decline in, or having a negative effect on, the value of our common stock and could have the effect of increasing or preventing a decline in the value of our common stock during any conversion reference period related to a conversion of the Notes. The warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect from the issuance of our common stock pursuant to the warrants.

A decline in and/or sustained low interest rates causes an increase in our jackpot expense which could limit or reduce our future profits.

Changes in prime and/or treasury and agency interest rates during a given period cause fluctuations in jackpot expense largely due to the revaluation of future winner liabilities. When rates increase, jackpot liabilities are reduced as it costs less to fund the liability. However, when interest rates decline, the value of the liability (and related jackpot expense) increases because the cost to fund the liability increases. Our results may continue to be negatively impacted by a continued low interest rate environment or any or further decline in interest rates, resulting in increased jackpot expense and a reduction of our investment income, which could limit or reduce our future profits.

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our debt service obligations.

Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes, and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our operating performance, financial results and ability to generate cash from our operations. These variables, to a certain extent, are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations and future sources of capital under our credit facilities or otherwise may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness, including the Notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs. The Notes mature on May 1, 2014, unless repurchased earlier or converted.  Any default on our debt obligations would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, including possible credit rating downgrades.

New products may be subject to complex and dynamic revenue recognition standards, which could materially affect our financial results.

As we introduce new products and as transactions become increasingly complex, additional analysis and judgment is required to account for and recognize revenues in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Transactions may include multiple element arrangements, software components, and/or unique new product offerings, such as our online social casino games at our DoubleDown Casino®, and applicable accounting principles or regulatory product approval delays could further change the timing of revenue recognition, which could adversely affect our financial results for any given period. Fluctuations may occur in our deferred revenues and reflect our continued shift toward more multiple element contracts that include both systems and software.

Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we or our customers or suppliers operate.

We, our customers, and our suppliers have operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather and other geological events, including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, or tsunamis that could disrupt operations.  Any serious disruption at any of our facilities or the facilities of our customers or suppliers due to a natural disaster could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and increase our costs and expenses. If there is a natural disaster or other serious disruption at any of our facilities, it could impair our ability to adequately supply our customers, cause a significant disruption to our operations, cause us to incur significant costs to relocate or reestablish these functions and negatively impact our operating results. While we insure against certain business interruption risks, such insurance may not adequately compensate us for any losses incurred as a result of natural or other disasters.  In addition, any natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to the operations of our customers or suppliers may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

22

Table of Contents

New conflict minerals regulations may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products.

On August 22, 2012, the SEC adopted a new rule requiring disclosures of specific minerals, known as conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured, or contracted to be manufactured, by public companies.  The new rule requires companies to verify and disclose whether or not such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo or an adjoining country.  The first disclosure report is due on May 31, 2014, relating to the calendar year of 2013.

There will be costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for diligence to determine the sources of conflict minerals used in our products and other potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. The implementation of this rule could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products.  The new rule could affect the availability in sufficient quantities and at competitive prices of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our products, given that there may be only a limited number of ‘conflict-free’ minerals, which could result in increased material and component costs and additional costs associated with changes in our supply chain.  We may also face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict free or if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our products through the procedures we may implement.

Litigation costs and the outcome of litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business.

From time to time we may be subject to litigation claims through the ordinary course of our business operations regarding, but not limited to, employment matters, security of consumer and employee personal information, contractual relations with suppliers, marketing and infringement of trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Litigation to defend ourselves against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties, may be necessary, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Investments and development financing loans could adversely impact liquidity or cause us to incur loan losses or record a charge to earnings if our investments become impaired.

We invest in and/or provide financing for expansion or construction of gaming locations and other business purposes, particularly in our international operations. Such investment and financing activities subject us to increased credit risk in certain regions, which could be exacerbated by unfavorable economic conditions or other political or economic instability in those regions. We monitor our investments and financing activities to assess impairment on a quarterly basis.

We have in the past and may in the future incur losses on these types of investments and loans. Our results of operations, liquidity or financial position may be negatively impacted if we are unable to collect on loans or derive benefit from our investments.

Our share repurchase program could affect the price of our common stock and increase volatility.

Repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. The existence of a stock repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock. Although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term shareholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program’s effectiveness.

23

Table of Contents

Current environmental laws and regulations, or those enacted in the future, could result in additional liabilities and costs.

The manufacturing of our products may require the use of materials that are subject to a variety of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations (such as climate change legislation). Compliance with these laws could increase our costs and impact the availability of components required to manufacture our products. Violation of these laws may subject us to significant fines, penalties or disposal costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.