Our business is vulnerable
to changing economic conditions and current unfavorable economic conditions have
negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact  the play
levels of our participation games, our product sales, and our ability to collect
outstanding receivables from our customers.

Existing
unfavorable general economic conditions reduce disposable income of casino
patrons and result in fewer patrons visiting casinos. This decline in disposable
income likely results in reduced play levels on our participation games, causing
our cash flows and revenues from a large share of our recurring revenue products
to decline. Current unfavorable economic conditions have also resulted in a
tightening in the credit markets, decreased liquidity in many financial markets,
and resulted in significant volatility in the credit and equity
markets.

A decline
in the relative health of the gaming industry and the difficulty or inability of
our customers to obtain adequate levels of capital to finance their ongoing
operations reduces their resources available to purchase our products and
services, which adversely affects our revenues. If we experience a significant
unexpected decrease in demand for our products, we could also be required to
increase our inventory obsolescence charges.

Furthermore,
the extended economic downturn has impacted and could continue to impact the
ability of our customers to make timely payments to us. We have, and may
continue, to incur additional provisions for bad debt related to credit concerns
on certain receivables.

A decline in and/or
sustained low interest rates causes an increase in our jackpot expense which
could limit or reduce our future profits.

Changes
in prime and/or treasury and agency interest rates during a given period cause
fluctuations in jackpot expense largely due to the revaluation of future winner
liabilities. When rates increase, jackpot liabilities are reduced as it costs
less to fund the liability. However, when interest rates decline or remain low
the value of the liability (and related jackpot expense) increases because the
cost to fund the liability increases. Our results may continue to be negatively
impacted by continuing low interest rates or further declines in interest rates,
resulting in increased jackpot expense and a reduction of our investment income,
which could limit or reduce our future profits.

Our outstanding Debentures
and Notes subject us to additional risks.

Our
Debentures issued in December 2006 and our Notes issued in May 2009 contain a
net settlement feature, which entitles holders to receive cash up to $1,000 per
Debenture or Note and shares for any excess conversion value as determined by
the respective governing indentures. Consequently, if a significant number of
Debentures or Notes are converted or redeemed, we would be required to make
significant cash payments to the holders who convert or redeem the Debentures or
Notes.

In
connection with the offering of the Notes, we entered into additional separate
transactions for note hedges and warrant transactions. In connection with these
transactions, the hedge counterparties and/or their respective affiliates may
enter into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and
may enter into or unwind various derivative transactions and/or purchase or sell
our common stock in secondary market transactions prior to maturity of the
Notes. These activities could have the effect of increasing or preventing a
decline in, or having a negative effect on, the value of our common stock and
could have the effect of increasing or preventing a decline in the value of our
common stock during any conversion reference period related to a conversion of
the Notes. The warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect from
the issuance of our common stock pursuant to the warrants.

 14

 Table of Contents

On
November 12, 2009, we gave holders of the Debentures notice of this put right,
which will terminate on December 14, 2009. Given current market conditions and
the recent trading price of our stock, we expect Debenture holders will exercise
their right to require IGT to redeem the Debentures on December 15, 2009. We
plan to incur additional borrowings under our credit facility to pay the
Debentures put to us in December 2009.

Our outstanding domestic
credit facility subjects us to financial covenants which may limit our
flexibility.

Our
Domestic Credit Facility subjects us to a number of financial covenants,
including a minimum ratio of EBITDA to interest expense minus interest on
jackpot liabilities and a maximum ratio of debt to EBITDA. Our failure or
inability to comply with these covenants will cause an event of default that, if
not cured, could cause the entire outstanding borrowings under our Domestic
Credit Facility and bonds to become immediately due and payable. In addition,
our interest rate under the Domestic Credit Facility can vary based on our
public credit rating or our debt to capitalization ratio. Each of these measures
may be adversely impacted by unfavorable economic conditions.  The
Domestic Credit Facility also includes restrictions that may limit our
flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the
industry.

Slow growth in the
establishment of new gaming jurisdictions or the number of new casinos and
declines in the rate of replacement of existing gaming machines could limit or
reduce our future profits.

Demand
for our products is driven substantially by the establishment of new gaming
jurisdictions, the addition of new casinos or expansion of existing casinos
within existing gaming jurisdictions and the replacement of existing gaming
machines. The establishment or expansion of gaming in any jurisdiction typically
requires a public referendum or other legislative action. As a result, gaming
continues to be the subject of public debate, and there are numerous active
organizations that oppose gaming. Opposition to gaming could result in
restrictions on or even prohibitions of gaming operations or the expansion of
operations in any jurisdiction.

In
addition, the construction of new casinos or expansion of existing casinos
fluctuates with demand, general economic conditions and the availability of
financing. The rate of gaming growth in North America has diminished and machine
replacements are at historically low levels. Slow growth in the establishment of
new gaming jurisdictions or delays in the opening of new or expanded casinos and
continued declines in, or low levels of demand for, machine replacements could
reduce the demand for our products and our future profits.

Demand for our products and
the level of play of our products could be adversely affected by changes in
player and operator preferences.

As a
supplier of gaming machines, we must offer themes and products that appeal to
gaming operators and players. If we are unable to anticipate or react timely to
any significant changes in player preferences, such as a negative change in the
trend of acceptance of our newest systems innovations or jackpot fatigue
(declining play levels on smaller jackpots), the demand for our gaming products
and the level of play of our gaming products could decline. Further, our
products could suffer a loss of floor space to table games and operators may
reduce revenue sharing arrangements, each of which would harm our sales and
financial results. In addition, general changes in consumer behavior, such as
reduced travel activity or redirection of entertainment dollars to other venues,
could result in reduced demand and reduced play levels for our gaming
products.

 15

 Table of Contents

Our ability to operate in
our existing markets or expand into new jurisdictions could be adversely
affected by changing regulations or problems with obtaining or maintaining
needed licenses or approvals.

We
operate only in jurisdictions where gaming is legal. The gaming industry is
subject to extensive governmental regulation by US federal, state and local
governments, as well as tribal officials or organizations and foreign
governments. While the regulatory requirements vary by jurisdiction, most
require:

 ª  

 licenses
 and/or permits

 ª  

 findings
 of suitability

 ª  

 documentation
 of qualifications, including evidence of financial
 stability

 ª  

 other
 required approvals for companies who manufacture or distribute gaming
 equipment and services

 ª  

 individual
 suitability of officers, directors, major stockholders and key
 employees

Any
delays in obtaining or difficulty in maintaining regulatory approvals needed for
expansion within existing markets or into new jurisdictions can negatively
affect our opportunities for growth. Further, changes in existing gaming
regulations may hinder or prevent us from continuing to operate in those
jurisdictions where we currently do business, which would harm our operating
results. In particular, the enactment of unfavorable legislation or government
efforts affecting or directed at manufacturers or gaming operators, such as
referendums to increase gaming taxes or requirements to use local distributors,
would likely have a negative impact on our operations.

Our success in the
competitive gaming industry depends in large part on our ability to develop and
manage frequent introductions of innovative products.

The
gaming industry is intensely competitive, and many of our competitors have
substantial resources and specialize in the development and marketing of their
products. Increased competition has negatively impacted, and may continue to
negatively impact, our results. Because the gaming industry is characterized by
dynamic customer demand and rapid technological advances, we must continually
introduce and successfully market new themes and technologies in order to remain
competitive and effectively stimulate customer demand. Our customers will accept
a new product only if it is likely to increase operator profits more than
competitors’ products. There is no certainty that our new products will attain
this market acceptance or that our competitors will not more effectively
anticipate or respond to changing customer preferences. In addition, any delays
by us in introducing new products on schedule could negatively impact our
operating results by providing an opportunity for our competitors to introduce
new products and gain market share ahead of us. For example, our business and
results could be adversely affected if we experience delays or problems in our
planned introduction of sbX™ gaming management
systems, or if we do not gain market acceptance for these systems.

New products require
regulatory approval and may be subject to complex and dynamic revenue
recognition standards, which could materially affect our financial
results.

As we
introduce new products and transactions become increasingly complex, additional
analysis and judgment is required to account for and recognize revenues in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Transactions may
include multiple element arrangements and/or software components and applicable
accounting principles or regulatory product approval delays could change the
timing of revenue recognition and could adversely affect our financial results
for any given period. Fluctuations may occur in our deferred revenues and
reflect our continued shift toward more multiple element contracts that include
systems and software.

Investments and development
financing loans could adversely impact liquidity or cause us to incur loan
losses or record a charge to earnings if our investments become
impaired.

We invest
in and/or provide financing for expansion or construction of gaming locations
and other business purposes, including locations abroad. Such investment and
financing activities subject us to increased credit risk in certain regions,
which could be exacerbated by current unfavorable economic conditions or other
political or economic instability in those regions. We monitor our investments
and financing activities to assess impairment on a quarterly basis.

We have
in the past and may in the future incur losses on these types of investments and
loans. For example, as a result of significant adverse changes in the expected
financial performance of LVGI, we recorded impairment of $13.3 million during
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 related to our investment in LVGI. Our results
of operations, liquidity or financial position may be negatively impacted if we
are unable to collect on loans or derive benefit from our
investments.

 16

 Table of Contents

Our gaming machines and
online operations may experience losses due to fraudulent
activities.

We
incorporate security features into the design of our gaming machines and other
systems, including those responsible for our online operations, which are
designed to prevent us and our patrons from being defrauded. However, there can
be no guarantee that such security features will continue to be effective in the
future. If our security systems fail to prevent fraud, our operating results
could be adversely affected. Additionally, if third parties breach our security
systems and defraud our patrons, the public may lose confidence in our gaming
machines and operations.

We may be unable to protect
our IP.

A
significant portion of our revenues is generated from products using certain IP
rights and our operating results would be negatively impacted if we are
unsuccessful in protecting these rights from infringement. In addition, some of
our most popular games and features are based on trademarks, patents and other
IP licensed from third parties. The continued success of these games may depend
upon our ability to retain or expand these licenses with reasonable terms. We
also depend on trade secret law to protect certain proprietary knowledge and
have entered into confidentiality agreements with those of our employees who
have access to this information. However, there can be no guarantees that our
employees will not breach these agreements, and if these agreements are breached
it is unlikely that the remedies available to us will be sufficient to
compensate us for the damages suffered.

We may be subject to claims
of IP infringement or invalidity and adverse outcomes of litigation could
unfavorably affect our operating results.

Periodically,
we receive notification from others claiming that we are infringing upon their
patent, trademark or other IP rights. Regardless of their merit, such claims may
cause us to incur significant costs. Responding to these claims could also
require us to stop selling or to redesign our products, to pay significant
amounts in damages or to enter into agreements to pay significant licensing fees
or royalties. Additionally, if any of these claims prove successful, it could
limit our ability to bring new products to market in the future. Our assessment
of current IP litigation could change in light of the discovery of facts not
presently known to us or determinations by judges, juries or others that do not
accord with our evaluation of the possible liability or outcome of such
litigation.

Business combinations and
investments in intellectual properties or affiliates present risk, and we may
not be able to realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated
at the time of the transaction, which could materially affect our financial
results.

We have
invested in strategic business combinations and acquisitions of important
technologies and IP that we believe will expand our geographic reach, product
lines, and/or customer base.  We may encounter difficulties in the
assimilation of acquired operations, technologies and/or products, or an
acquisition may prove to be less valuable than the price we paid. Any of these
events or circumstances may require us to record substantial impairment charges
on goodwill and other intangible assets, resulting in a negative impact on our
operating results.

Moreover,
as we continue the process of evaluating our business in conjunction with an
assessment of the company’s long-term strategic goals, we will also further
evaluate past and potential investments to determine if and how they will fit
into our organizational structure going forward. If an event or change occurs in
affiliate relationships or agreements associated with business combinations, we
may be required to reassess cash flows, recoverability, useful lives, and fair
value measurements, which may result in material impairment
charges.

Failure to attract, retain
and motivate key employees may adversely affect our ability to
compete.

Our
success depends largely on recruiting and retaining talented employees. The
market for qualified executives and highly skilled, technical workers is
intensely competitive. The loss of key employees or an inability to hire a
sufficient number of technical staff could limit our ability to develop
successful products and cause delays in getting new products to
market.

 17

 Table of Contents

Current environmental laws
and regulations, or those enacted in the future, could result in additional
liabilities and costs.

The
manufacturing of our products may require the use of materials that are subject
to a variety of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations.
Compliance with these laws could increase our costs and impact the availability
of components required to manufacture our products. Violation of these laws may
subject us to significant fines, penalties or disposal costs, which could
negatively impact our results of operations, financial position or cash
flows.

The risks related to
operations outside of traditional US law could negatively affect our
results.

We
operate in many countries outside of the US and in tribal jurisdictions with
sovereign immunity which subjects us to certain inherent risks
including:

 ª  

 political
 or economic instability

 ª  

 additional
 costs of compliance

 ª  

 tariffs
 and other trade barriers

 ª  

 fluctuations
 in foreign exchange rates outside the
US

 ª  

 adverse
 changes in the creditworthiness of parties with whom we have significant
 receivables or forward currency exchange
 contracts

 18

 Table of Contents