Our ability to operate in our existing markets or expand into new jurisdictions could be
adversely affected by changing regulations or problems with obtaining needed licenses or
approvals.

We operate only in jurisdictions where gaming is legal. The gaming industry is subject to
extensive governmental regulation by US federal, state and local governments, as well as tribal
officials or organizations and foreign governments. While the regulatory requirements vary by
jurisdiction, most require:

ª

licenses and/or permits

ª

findings of suitability

ª

documentation of qualifications, including evidence of financial stability

ª

other required approvals for companies who manufacture or distribute gaming equipment and services

ª

individual suitability of officers, directors, major stockholders and key employees

Any delays in obtaining regulatory approvals needed for expansion within existing markets or into
new jurisdictions can negatively affect our opportunities for growth. Further, changes in existing
gaming regulations may hinder or prevent us from continuing to operate in those jurisdictions where
we currently do business, which would harm our operating results. In particular, the enactment of
unfavorable legislation or government efforts affecting or directed at manufacturers or gaming
operators, such as referendums to increase gaming taxes or requirements to use local distributors,
would likely have a negative impact on our operations.

Slow growth in the number of new casinos or the rate of replacement of existing gaming machines
could limit or reduce our future profits.

Demand for our products is driven substantially by the replacement of existing gaming machines, the
establishment of new gaming jurisdictions, and the addition of new casinos or expansion of existing
casinos within existing gaming jurisdictions. The establishment or expansion of gaming in any
jurisdiction typically requires a public referendum or other legislative action. As a result,
gaming continues to be the subject of public debate, and there are numerous active organizations
that oppose gaming. Opposition to gaming could result in restrictions on or even prohibitions of
gaming operations in any jurisdiction. In addition, the rate of growth in the North American
marketplace has diminished. A continued reduction in growth or in the number of gaming
jurisdictions or delays in the opening of new or expanded casinos could reduce the demand for our
products.

Demand for our products could be adversely affected by changes in player and operator
preferences.

As a supplier of gaming machines, we must offer themes and products that appeal to gaming operators
and players. If we are unable to anticipate or timely react to any significant changes in player
preferences, such as a negative change in the trend of acceptance of our newest systems innovations
or jackpot fatigue (declining play levels on smaller jackpots), the demand for our gaming products
could decline. Further, our products could suffer a loss of floor space to table games and
operators may reduce revenue sharing arrangements, each of which would harm our sales and financial
results. In addition, general changes in consumer behavior, such as reduced travel activity and
redirection of entertainment dollars to other venues, could result in reduced demand for our
products.

Our business is vulnerable to changing economic conditions.

Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions including recession, economic slowdown, or
higher fuel or other transportation costs, may reduce disposable income of casino patrons or result
in fewer patrons visiting casinos. Such a decline in the relative health of the gaming industry
would likely result in a decline in the amount of resources our customers have to purchase our
products and services. This may also result in reduced play levels, which could cause our cash
flows and revenues from revenue sharing products to decline. Our operating results may be
negatively impacted by a decrease in interest rates causing an increase in jackpot expense and a
reduction of investment income.

Our success in the competitive gaming industry depends in large part on our ability to develop
and manage frequent introductions of innovative products.

The gaming industry is intensely competitive, and many of our competitors have substantial
resources and specialize in the development and marketing of their products. Because the gaming
industry is characterized by dynamic customer demand and rapid technological advances, we must
continually introduce and successfully market new themes and technologies in order to remain
competitive and effectively stimulate customer demand. Our customers will accept a new product
only if it is likely to increase operator profits more than competitors’ products. There is no
guarantee that our new products will attain this market acceptance or that our competitors will not
more effectively anticipate or respond to changing customer preferences. In

18

Table of Contents

addition, any delays by us in introducing new products on schedule could negatively impact our
operating results by providing an opportunity for our competitors to introduce new products and
gain market share ahead of us.

Failure to attract, retain and motivate key employees may adversely affect our ability to
compete.

Our success depends largely on recruiting and retaining talented employees. The market for
qualified executives and highly skilled, technical workers is intensely competitive. The loss of
key employees or an inability to hire a sufficient number of technical staff could limit our
ability to develop successful products and cause delays in getting new products to market.

We may be unable to protect our IP.

A significant portion of our revenues is generated from products using certain IP rights, and our
operating results would be negatively impacted if we were unsuccessful in protecting these rights
from infringement. In addition, some of our most popular games and features are based on
trademarks, patents and other IP licensed from third parties. The continued success of these games
may depend upon our ability to retain or expand these licenses with reasonable terms. We also
depend on trade secret law to protect certain proprietary knowledge and have entered into
confidentiality agreements with those of our employees who have access to this information.
However, there can be no guarantees that our employees will not breach these agreements, and if
these agreements are breached it is unlikely that the remedies available to us will be sufficient
to compensate us for the damages suffered.

We may be subject to claims of IP infringement or invalidity.

Periodically we receive notification from others claiming that we are infringing their patent,
trademark or other IP rights. Regardless of their merit, such claims may cause us to incur
significant costs. Responding to these claims could also require us to stop selling or to redesign
our products, to pay significant amounts in damages or enter into agreements to pay significant
licensing fees or royalties. Additionally, if any of these claims prove successful, it could limit
our ability to bring new products to market in the future.

Our gaming machines and online operations may experience losses due to fraudulent
activities.

We incorporate security features into the design of our gaming machines and other systems,
including those responsible for our online operations, designed to prevent us and our patrons from
being defrauded. However, there can be no guarantee that such security features will continue to
be effective in the future. If our security systems fail to prevent fraud, our operating results
could be adversely affected. Additionally, if third parties breach our security systems and
defraud our patrons, the public may lose confidence in our gaming machines and operations.

Our outstanding Senior Convertible Debentures subject us to additional risks
.

Our 2.6% Debentures issued in December 2006 contain a net settlement feature. This feature
entitles holders of Debentures to receive cash up to $1,000 and shares for any excess conversion
value determined in a manner in the indenture governing the Debentures. Consequently, if a
significant number of Debentures are converted or redeemed, we would be required to make
significant cash payments to the holders who convert their Debentures.

Our outstanding credit facility subjects us to additional risks.

Our Senior Credit Facility subjects us to a number of financial covenants, which could result in an
event of default if not complied with. The Senior Credit Facility also includes restrictions that
may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the
industry.

Investments and development financing loans could adversely impact liquidity.

We invest in and/or provide financing for expansion or construction of gaming locations and other
business purposes. Such financing subjects us to increased credit risk in certain regions, as well
as other inherent risks such as political or economic instability in related markets. Our
liquidity or financial position may be negatively impacted if we are unable to collect on these
loans or benefit from these investments.

Current environmental laws and regulations, or those enacted in the future, could result in
additional liabilities and costs.

Manufacturing of our products may require the use of materials that are subject to a variety of
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws could increase
our costs and impact the availability of components required to manufacture our product. Violation
of these laws may subject us to significant fines, penalties or disposal costs, which could
negatively impact our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

19

Table of Contents

The risks related to operations outside of traditional US law could negatively affect our
results.

We operate in many countries outside of the US and tribal jurisdictions with sovereign immunity
which subjects us to certain inherent risks including:

ª

political or economic instability

ª

additional costs of compliance

ª

tariffs and other trade barriers

ª

fluctuations in foreign exchange rates outside the US

ª

adverse changes in the creditworthiness of parties with whom we have significant
receivables or forward currency exchange contracts