Fluctuations
 in demand for our products may harm our financial results and
 are difficult to forecast.

 If demand for our products fluctuates, our revenue and gross
 margin could be harmed. Important factors that could cause
 demand for our products to fluctuate include:

 • 

 changes in business and economic conditions, including a
 downturn in the semiconductor industry and/or the overall
 economy;

 • 

 changes in consumer confidence caused by changes in market
 conditions, including changes in the credit market;

 • 

 competitive pressures, including pricing pressures, from
 companies that have competing products, chip architectures,
 manufacturing technologies, and marketing programs;

 • 

 changes in customer product needs;

 • 

 changes in the level of customers’ components inventory;

 • 

 strategic actions taken by our competitors; and

 • 

 market acceptance of our products.

 If product demand decreases, our manufacturing or assembly and
 test capacity could be underutilized, and we may be required to
 record an impairment on our long-lived assets including
 facilities and equipment, as well as intangible assets, which
 would increase our expenses. In addition, factory-planning
 decisions may shorten the useful lives of long-lived assets,
 including facilities and equipment, and cause us to accelerate
 depreciation. In the long term, if product demand increases, we
 may not be able to add manufacturing or assembly and test
 capacity fast enough to meet market demand. These changes in
 demand for our products, and changes in our customers’
 product needs, could have a variety of negative effects on our
 competitive position and our financial results, and, in certain
 cases, may reduce our revenue, increase our costs, lower our
 gross margin percentage, or require us to recognize impairments
 of our assets. In addition, if product demand decreases or we
 fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to
 write off inventory or record underutilization charges, which
 would have a negative impact on our gross margin.

 The
 semiconductor industry and our operations are characterized by a
 high percentage of costs that are fixed or difficult to reduce
 in the short term, and by product demand that is highly variable
 and subject to significant downturns that may harm our business,
 results of operations, and financial condition.

 The semiconductor industry and our operations are characterized
 by high costs, such as those related to facility construction
 and equipment, R&D, and employment and training of a highly
 skilled workforce, that are either fixed or difficult to reduce
 in the short term. At the same time, demand for our products is
 highly variable and there have been downturns, often in
 connection with maturing product cycles as well as downturns in
 general economic market conditions. These downturns have been
 characterized by reduced product demand, manufacturing
 overcapacity, high inventory levels, and lower average selling
 prices. The combination of these factors may cause our revenue,
 gross margin, cash flow, and profitability to vary significantly
 in both the short and long term.

 We
 operate in intensely competitive industries, and our failure to
 respond quickly to technological developments and incorporate
 new features into our products could harm our ability to
 compete.

 We operate in intensely competitive industries that experience
 rapid technological developments, changes in industry standards,
 changes in customer requirements, and frequent new product
 introductions and improvements. If we are unable to respond
 quickly and successfully to these developments, we may lose our
 competitive position, and our products or technologies may
 become uncompetitive or obsolete. To compete successfully, we
 must maintain a successful R&D effort, develop new products
 and production processes, and improve our existing products and
 processes at the same pace or ahead of our competitors. We may
 not be able to develop and market these new products
 successfully, the products we invest in and develop may not be
 well received by customers, and products developed and new
 technologies offered by others may affect demand for our
 products. These types of events could have a variety of negative
 effects on our competitive position and our financial results,
 such as reducing our revenue, increasing our costs, lowering our
 gross margin percentage, and requiring us to recognize
 impairments of our assets.

 Fluctuations
 in the mix of products sold may harm our financial
 results.

 Because of the wide price differences among mobile, desktop, and
 server microprocessors, the mix and types of performance
 capabilities of microprocessors sold affect the average selling
 price of our products and have a substantial impact on our
 revenue and gross margin. Our financial results also depend in
 part on the mix of other products that we sell, such as
 chipsets, flash memory, and other semiconductor products. In
 addition, more recently introduced products tend to have higher
 associated costs because of initial overall development and
 production ramp. Fluctuations in the mix and types of our
 products may also affect the extent to which we are able to
 recover the fixed costs and investments associated with a
 particular product, and as a result can harm our financial
 results.

 15

Table of Contents

 Our
 global operations subject us to risks that may harm our results
 of operations and financial condition.

 We have sales offices, R&D, manufacturing, and assembly and
 test facilities in many countries, and as a result, we are
 subject to risks associated with doing business globally. Our
 global operations may be subject to risks that may limit our
 ability to manufacture, assemble and test, design, develop, or
 sell products in particular countries, which could, in turn,
 harm our results of operations and financial condition,
 including:

 • 

 security concerns, such as armed conflict and civil or military
 unrest, crime, political instability, and terrorist activity;

 • 

 health concerns;

 • 

 natural disasters;

 • 

 inefficient and limited infrastructure and disruptions, such as
 large-scale outages or interruptions of service from utilities
 or telecommunications providers and supply chain interruptions;

 • 

 differing employment practices and labor issues;

 • 

 local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal
 standards and practices;

 • 

 regulatory requirements and prohibitions that differ between
 jurisdictions; and

 • 

 restrictions on our operations by governments seeking to support
 local industries, nationalization of our operations, and
 restrictions on our ability to repatriate earnings.

 In addition, although most of our products are priced and paid
 for in U.S. dollars, a significant amount of certain types of
 expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing
 expenses, are paid in local currencies. Our hedging programs
 reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency
 exchange rate movements, and therefore fluctuations in exchange
 rates could harm our business operating results and financial
 condition. In addition, changes in tariff and import regulations
 and to U.S. and
 non-U.S.
 monetary policies may harm our operating results and financial
 condition by increasing our expenses and reducing our revenue.
 Varying tax rates in different jurisdictions could harm our
 operating results and financial condition by increasing our
 overall tax rate.

 We also maintain a program of insurance coverage for various
 types of property, casualty, and other risks. We place our
 insurance coverage with various carriers in numerous
 jurisdictions. The types and amounts of insurance that we obtain
 vary from time to time and from location to location, depending
 on availability, cost, and our decisions with respect to risk
 retention. The policies are subject to deductibles and
 exclusions that result in our retention of a level of risk on a
 self-insurance basis. Losses not covered by insurance may be
 substantial and may increase our expenses, which could harm our
 results of operations.

 Failure
 to meet our production targets, resulting in undersupply or
 oversupply of products, may harm our business and results of
 operations.

 Production of integrated circuits is a complex process.
 Disruptions in this process can result from interruptions in our
 processes, errors, and difficulties in our development and
 implementation of new processes; defects in materials;
 disruptions in our supply of materials or resources; and
 disruptions at our fabrication and assembly and test facilities
 due to, for example, accidents, maintenance issues, or unsafe
 working conditions—all of which could affect the timing of
 production ramps and yields. We may not be successful or
 efficient in developing or implementing new production
 processes. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may result in
 our failure to meet or increase production as desired, resulting
 in higher costs or substantial decreases in yields, which could
 affect our ability to produce sufficient volume to meet specific
 product demand. The unavailability or reduced availability of
 certain products could make it more difficult to implement our
 platform strategy. We may also experience increases in yields. A
 substantial increase in yields could result in higher inventory
 levels and the possibility of resulting excess capacity charges
 as we slow production to reduce inventory levels. The occurrence
 of any of these events could harm our business and results of
 operations.

 We may
 have difficulties obtaining the resources or products we need
 for manufacturing, assembling and testing our products, or
 operating other aspects of our business, which could harm our
 ability to meet demand for our products and may increase our
 costs.

 We have thousands of suppliers providing various materials that
 we use in the production of our products and other aspects of
 our business, and we seek, where possible, to have several
 sources of supply for all of those materials. However, we may
 rely on a single or a limited number of suppliers, or upon
 suppliers in a single country, for these materials. The
 inability of such suppliers to deliver adequate supplies of
 production materials or other supplies could disrupt our
 production processes or could make it more difficult for us to
 implement our business strategy. In addition, production could
 be disrupted by the unavailability of the resources used in
 production, such as water, silicon, electricity, and gases. The
 unavailability or reduced availability of the materials or
 resources that we use in our business may require us to reduce
 production of products or may require us to incur additional
 costs in order to obtain an adequate supply of those materials
 or resources. The occurrence of any of these events could harm
 our business and results of operations.

 16

Table of Contents

 Costs
 related to product defects and errata may harm our results of
 operations and business.

 Costs associated with unexpected product defects and errata
 (deviations from published specifications) due to, for example,
 unanticipated problems in our manufacturing processes include,
 the costs of:

 • 

 writing off the value of inventory of defective products;

 • 

 disposing of defective products that cannot be fixed;

 • 

 recalling defective products that have been shipped to customers;

 • 

 providing product replacements for, or modifications to,
 defective products; and/or

 • 

 defending against litigation related to defective products.

 These costs could be substantial and may therefore increase our
 expenses and lower our gross margin. In addition, our reputation
 with our customers or users of our products could be damaged as
 a result of such product defects and errata, and the demand for
 our products could be reduced. These factors could harm our
 financial results and the prospects for our business.

 We may
 be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual
 property rights, which could harm our business.

 From time to time, third parties may assert against us or our
 customers alleged patent, copyright, trademark, or other
 intellectual property rights to technologies that are important
 to our business. We may be subject to intellectual property
 infringement claims from certain individuals and companies who
 have acquired patent portfolios for the sole purpose of
 asserting such claims against other companies. Any claims that
 our products or processes infringe the intellectual property
 rights of others, regardless of the merit or resolution of such
 claims, could cause us to incur significant costs in responding
 to, defending, and resolving such claims, and may divert the
 efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel
 away from our business. As a result of such intellectual
 property infringement claims, we could be required or otherwise
 decide it is appropriate to:

 • 

 pay third-party infringement claims;

 • 

 discontinue manufacturing, using, or selling particular products
 subject to infringement claims;

 • 

 discontinue using the technology or processes subject to
 infringement claims;

 • 

 develop other technology not subject to infringement claims,
 which could be time-consuming and costly or may not be possible;
 and/or

 • 

 license technology from the third party claiming infringement,
 which license may not be available on commercially reasonable
 terms.

 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could result in
 unexpected expenses or require us to recognize an impairment of
 our assets, which would reduce the value of our assets and
 increase expenses. In addition, if we alter or discontinue our
 production of affected items, our revenue could be negatively
 impacted.

 We may
 be subject to litigation proceedings that could harm our
 business.

 In addition to the litigation risks mentioned above, we may be
 subject to legal claims or regulatory matters involving
 stockholder, consumer, antitrust, and other issues. As described
 in “Note 21: Contingencies” in Part II,
 Item 8 of this
 Form 10-K,
 we are currently engaged in a number of litigation matters.
 Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable
 rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include
 monetary damages or, in cases for which injunctive relief is
 sought, an injunction prohibiting us from manufacturing or
 selling one or more products. Were an unfavorable ruling to
 occur, our business and results of operations could be
 materially harmed.

 We may
 not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual property
 rights, which may harm our ability to compete and harm our
 business.

 Our ability to enforce our patents, copyrights, software
 licenses, and other intellectual property rights is subject to
 general litigation risks, as well as uncertainty as to the
 enforceability of our intellectual property rights in various
 countries. When we seek to enforce our rights, we are often
 subject to claims that the intellectual property right is
 invalid, is otherwise not enforceable, or is licensed to the
 party against whom we are asserting a claim. In addition, our
 assertion of intellectual property rights often results in the
 other party seeking to assert alleged intellectual property
 rights of its own against us, which may harm our business. If we
 are not ultimately successful in defending ourselves against
 these claims in litigation, we may not be able to sell a
 particular product or family of products due to an injunction,
 or we may have to pay damages that could, in turn, harm our
 results of operations. In addition, governments may adopt
 regulations or courts may render decisions requiring compulsory
 licensing of intellectual property to others, or governments may
 require that products meet specified standards that serve to
 favor local companies. Our inability to enforce our intellectual
 property rights under these circumstances may harm our
 competitive position and our business.

 17

Table of Contents

 Our
 licenses with other companies and our participation in industry
 initiatives may allow other companies, including our
 competitors, to use our patent rights.

 Companies in the semiconductor industry often rely on the
 ability to license patents from each other in order to compete.
 Many of our competitors have broad licenses or cross-licenses
 with us, and under current case law, some of these licenses may
 permit these competitors to pass our patent rights on to others.
 If one of these licensees becomes a foundry, our competitors
 might be able to avoid our patent rights in manufacturing
 competing products. In addition, our participation in industry
 initiatives may require us to license our patents to other
 companies that adopt certain industry standards or
 specifications, even when such organizations do not adopt
 standards or specifications proposed by us. As a result, our
 patents implicated by our participation in industry initiatives
 might not be available for us to enforce against others who
 might otherwise be deemed to be infringing those patents, our
 costs of enforcing our licenses or protecting our patents may
 increase, and the value of our intellectual property may be
 impaired.

 Changes
 in our decisions with regard to our announced restructuring and
 efficiency efforts, and other factors, could affect our results
 of operations and financial condition.

 Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
 from our expectations with regard to our announced restructuring
 include:

 • 

 timing and execution of plans and programs that may be subject
 to local labor law requirements, including consultation with
 appropriate works councils;

 • 

 changes in assumptions related to severance and postretirement
 costs;

 • 

 future dispositions;

 • 

 new business initiatives and changes in product roadmap,
 development, and manufacturing;

 • 

 changes in employment levels and turnover rates;

 • 

 changes in product demand and the business environment; and

 • 

 changes in the fair value of certain long-lived assets.

 In
 order to compete, we must attract, retain, and motivate key
 employees, and our failure to do so could harm our results of
 operations.

 In order to compete, we must attract, retain, and motivate
 executives and other key employees, including those in
 managerial, technical, sales, marketing, and support positions.
 Hiring and retaining qualified executives, scientists,
 engineers, technical staff, and sales representatives are
 critical to our business, and competition for experienced
 employees in the semiconductor industry can be intense. To help
 attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees, we use
 share-based incentive awards such as employee stock options and
 non-vested share units (restricted stock units). If the value of
 such stock awards does not appreciate as measured by the
 performance of the price of our common stock or if our
 share-based compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a
 valuable benefit, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate
 employees could be weakened, which could harm our results of
 operations.

 Our
 results of operations could vary as a result of the methods,
 estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting
 policies.

 The methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying
 our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results
 of operations (see “Critical Accounting Estimates” in
 Part II, Item 7 of this
 Form 10-K).
 Such methods, estimates, and judgments are, by their nature,
 subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and assumptions,
 and factors may arise over time that lead us to change our
 methods, estimates, and judgments. Changes in those methods,
 estimates, and judgments could significantly affect our results
 of operations.

 Our
 failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and
 regulations worldwide could harm our business and results of
 operations.

 The manufacturing and assembling and testing of our products
 require the use of hazardous materials that are subject to a
 broad array of environmental, health, and safety laws and
 regulations. Our failure to comply with any of these applicable
 laws or regulations could result in:

 • 

 regulatory penalties, fines, and legal liabilities;

 • 

 suspension of production;

 • 

 alteration of our fabrication and assembly and test processes;
 and

 • 

 curtailment of our operations or sales.

 In addition, our failure to manage the use, transportation,
 emission, discharge, storage, recycling, or disposal of
 hazardous materials could subject us to increased costs or
 future liabilities. Existing and future environmental laws and
 regulations could also require us to acquire pollution abatement
 or remediation equipment, modify our product designs, or incur
 other expenses associated with such laws and regulations. Many
 new materials that we are evaluating for use in our operations
 may be subject to regulation under existing or future
 environmental laws and regulations that may restrict our use of
 one or more of such materials in our manufacturing, assembly and
 test processes, or products. Any of these restrictions could
 harm our business and results of operations by increasing our
 expenses or requiring us to alter our manufacturing and assembly
 and test processes.

 18

Table of Contents

 Changes
 in our effective tax rate may harm our results of
 operations.

 A number of factors may increase our future effective tax rates,
 including:

 • 

 the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned
 and taxed;

 • 

 the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various
 tax authorities;

 • 

 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and
 liabilities;

 • 

 adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax
 returns;

 • 

 increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including
 write-offs of acquired in-process R&D and impairments of
 goodwill in connection with acquisitions;

 • 

 changes in available tax credits;

 • 

 changes in share-based compensation;

 • 

 changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws, and
 changes in generally accepted accounting principles; and

 • 

 the repatriation of
 non-U.S.
 earnings for which we have not previously provided for U.S.
 taxes.

 Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could
 reduce net income for future periods.

 We
 invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a
 return on our investments.

 We make investments in companies around the world to further our
 strategic objectives and support our key business initiatives.
 Such investments include investments in equity securities of
 public companies and non-marketable equity investments in
 private companies, which range from early-stage companies that
 are often still defining their strategic direction to more
 mature companies with established revenue streams and business
 models. The success of these companies is dependent on product
 development, market acceptance, operational efficiency, and
 other key business factors. The private companies in which we
 invest may fail because they may not be able to secure
 additional funding, obtain favorable investment terms for future
 financings, or take advantage of liquidity events such as
 initial public offerings, mergers, and private sales. If any of
 these private companies fail, we could lose all or part of our
 investment in that company. If we determine that an
 other-than-temporary decline in the fair value exists for an
 equity investment in a public or private company in which we
 have invested, we write down the investment to its fair value
 and recognize the related write-down as an investment loss.
 Furthermore, when the strategic objectives of an investment have
 been achieved, or if the investment or business diverges from
 our strategic objectives, we may decide to dispose of the
 investment. Our non-marketable equity investments in private
 companies are not liquid, and we may not be able to dispose of
 these investments on favorable terms or at all. The occurrence
 of any of these events could harm our results of operations.
 Additionally, for cases in which we are required under equity
 method accounting to recognize a proportionate share of another
 company’s income or loss, such income and loss may impact
 our earnings.

 Interest
 and other, net could vary from expectations, which could harm
 our results of operations.

 Factors that could cause interest and other, net in our
 consolidated statements of income to fluctuate include:

 • 

 fixed-income and credit market volatility;

 • 

 fluctuations in interest rates;

 • 

 changes in our cash and investment balances;

 • 

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

 • 

 other-than-temporary impairments in the fair value of
 fixed-income instruments;

 • 

 changes in our hedge accounting treatment; and

 • 

 gains or losses from divestitures.

 Our
 acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions could disrupt
 our ongoing business and harm our results of
 operations.

 In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct
 discussions, evaluate opportunities, and enter into agreements
 regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, and
 other transactions, such as joint ventures. Acquisitions and
 other transactions involve significant challenges and risks,
 including risks that:

 • 

 we may not be able to identify suitable opportunities at terms
 acceptable to us;

 • 

 the transaction may not advance our business strategy;

 • 

 we may not realize a satisfactory return on the investment we
 make;

 • 

 we may not be able to retain key personnel of the acquired
 business; or

 • 

 we may experience difficulty in integrating new employees,
 business systems, and technology.

 When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter
 difficulty in finding or completing divestiture opportunities or
 alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely
 manner, and the agreed terms and financing arrangements could be
 renegotiated due to changes in business or market conditions.
 These circumstances could delay the accomplishment of our
 strategic objectives or cause us to incur additional expenses
 with respect to businesses that we want to dispose of, or we may
 dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less than
 we had anticipated, resulting in a loss on the transaction.

 19

Table of Contents

 If we do enter into agreements with respect to acquisitions,
 divestitures, or other transactions, we may fail to complete
 them due to:

 • 

 failure to obtain required regulatory or other approvals;

 • 

 intellectual property or other litigation;

 • 

 difficulties that we or other parties may encounter in obtaining
 financing for the transaction; or other factors.

 Further, acquisition, divestiture, and other transactions
 require substantial management resources and have the potential
 to divert our attention from our existing business. These
 factors could harm our business and results of operations.

 The
 proposed Numonyx transaction may be delayed or not
 consummated.

 In May 2007, we announced that we entered into an agreement to
 form a private, independent semiconductor company with
 STMicroelectronics N.V. and Francisco Partners L.P., later named
 Numonyx (see “Note 13: Divestitures” in
 Part II, Item 8 of this
 Form 10-K).
 If the transaction is delayed or not consummated, we may record
 additional charges.