Fluctuations
 in demand for our products may harm our financial results and
 are difficult to forecast.

 If demand for our products fluctuates, our revenue and
 profitability could be harmed. Important factors that could
 cause demand for our products to fluctuate include:

 • 

 changes in business and economic conditions, including downturns
 in the semiconductor industry
 and/or the
 overall economy;

 • 

 changes in consumer confidence caused by changes in market
 conditions, including changes in the credit market, expectations
 for inflation, unemployment levels, and energy or other
 commodity prices;

 • 

 changes in the level of customers’ components inventories;

 • 

 competitive pressures, including pricing pressures, from
 companies that have competing products, chip architectures,
 manufacturing technologies, and marketing programs;

 • 

 changes in customer product needs;

 • 

 strategic actions taken by our competitors; and

 • 

 market acceptance of our products.

 If product demand decreases, our manufacturing or assembly and
 test capacity could be underutilized, and we may be required to
 record an impairment on our long-lived assets, including
 facilities and equipment as well as intangible assets, which
 would increase our expenses. In addition, if product demand
 decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be
 required to write off inventory or record excess capacity
 charges, which would have a negative impact on our gross margin.
 Factory-planning decisions may shorten the useful lives of
 long-lived assets, including facilities and equipment, and cause
 us to accelerate depreciation. In the long term, if product
 demand increases, we may not be able to add manufacturing or
 assembly and test capacity fast enough to meet market demand.
 These changes in demand for our products, and changes in our
 customers’ product needs, could have a variety of negative
 effects on our competitive position and our financial results,
 and, in certain cases, may reduce our revenue, increase our
 costs, lower our gross margin percentage, or require us to
 recognize impairments of our assets.

 The
 semiconductor industry and our operations are characterized by a
 high percentage of costs that are fixed or difficult to reduce
 in the short term, and by product demand that is highly variable
 and subject to significant downturns that may harm our business,
 results of operations, and financial condition.

 The semiconductor industry and our operations are characterized
 by high costs, such as those related to facility construction
 and equipment, R&D, and employment and training of a highly
 skilled workforce, that are either fixed or difficult to reduce
 in the short term. At the same time, demand for our products is
 highly variable and there have been downturns, often in
 connection with maturing product cycles and general economic
 market conditions. These downturns have been characterized by
 reduced product demand, manufacturing overcapacity and resulting
 excess capacity charges, high inventory levels, and lower
 average selling prices. The combination of these factors may
 cause our revenue, gross margin, cash flow, and profitability to
 vary significantly in both the short and long term.

 We
 operate in intensely competitive industries, and our failure to
 respond quickly to technological developments and incorporate
 new features into our products could harm our ability to
 compete.

 We operate in intensely competitive industries that experience
 rapid technological developments, changes in industry standards,
 changes in customer requirements, and frequent new product
 introductions and improvements. If we are unable to respond
 quickly and successfully to these developments, we may lose our
 competitive position, and our products or technologies may
 become uncompetitive or obsolete. As new computing market
 segments emerge, such as netbooks, handhelds, tablets, and
 consumer electronics devices, we face new sources of
 competition, and customers that have different requirements than
 customers in our traditional PC business. To be successful, we
 need to cultivate new industry relationships in these market
 segments. As the number and variety of Internet-connected
 devices increase, we need to improve the cost, energy
 efficiency, and security functionality of our microprocessors to
 succeed in these new market segments. In addition, we need to
 focus on the acquisition and development of our software
 capabilities in order to provide customers with complete
 computing solutions.

 To compete successfully, we must maintain a successful R&D
 effort, develop new products and production processes, and
 improve our existing products and processes at the same pace or
 ahead of our competitors. Our R&D efforts are aimed at
 solving increasingly complex problems, and we do not expect that
 all of our projects will be successful. If our R&D efforts
 are unsuccessful, our future results of operations could be
 materially harmed. We may not be able to develop and market
 these new products successfully, the products we invest in and
 develop may not be well received by customers, and products
 developed and new technologies offered by others may affect
 demand for our products. These types of events could have a
 variety of negative effects on our competitive position and our
 financial results, such as reducing our revenue, increasing our
 costs, lowering our gross margin percentage, and requiring us to
 recognize impairments on our assets.

 14

Table of Contents

 Litigation
 or regulatory proceedings could harm our business.

 We may be subject to legal claims or regulatory matters
 involving stockholder, consumer, competition, and other issues
 on a global basis. As described in “Note 29:
 Contingencies” in Part II, Item 8 of this Form
 10-K, we are
 currently engaged in a number of litigation and regulatory
 matters. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to
 inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. An
 unfavorable ruling could include monetary damages or, in cases
 for which injunctive relief is sought, an injunction prohibiting
 us from manufacturing or selling one or more products,
 precluding particular business practices, or requiring other
 remedies, such as compulsory licensing of intellectual property.
 If we were to receive an unfavorable ruling in a matter, our
 business and results of operations could be materially harmed.

 Fluctuations
 in the mix of products sold may harm our financial
 results.

 Because of the wide price differences among and within notebook,
 netbook, tablet, desktop, and server microprocessors, the mix
 and types of performance capabilities of microprocessors sold
 affect the average selling price of our products and have a
 substantial impact on our revenue and gross margin. Our
 financial results also depend in part on the mix of other
 products that we sell, such as chipsets, flash memory, and other
 semiconductor products. In addition, more recently introduced
 products tend to have higher associated costs because of initial
 overall development and production ramp. Fluctuations in the mix
 and types of our products may also affect the extent to which we
 are able to recover the fixed costs and investments associated
 with a particular product, and as a result can harm our
 financial results.

 Our
 global operations subject us to risks that may harm our results
 of operations and financial condition.

 We have sales offices, R&D, manufacturing, and assembly and
 test facilities in many countries, and some business activities
 may be concentrated in one or more geographic areas. As a
 result, we are subject to risks that may limit our ability to
 manufacture, assemble and test, design, develop, or sell
 products in particular countries or on a geographic basis, which
 could harm our results of operations and financial condition,
 including:

 • 

 security concerns, such as armed conflict and civil or military
 unrest, crime, political instability, and terrorist activity;

 • 

 health concerns;

 • 

 natural disasters;

 • 

 inefficient and limited infrastructure and disruptions, such as
 large-scale outages or interruptions of service from utilities,
 transportation, or telecommunications providers and supply chain
 interruptions;

 • 

 restrictions on our operations by governments seeking to support
 local industries, nationalization of our operations, and
 restrictions on our ability to repatriate earnings;

 • 

 differing employment practices and labor issues;

 • 

 local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal
 standards and practices, including business practices that we
 are prohibited from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices
 Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations; and

 • 

 regulatory requirements and prohibitions that differ among
 jurisdictions.

 Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines;
 criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees;
 prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our
 reputation. Although we have implemented policies, controls, and
 procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, our
 employees, contractors, or agents may violate our policies.

 In addition, although substantially all of our products are sold
 in U.S. dollars, we incur a significant amount of certain types
 of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing
 expenses, as well as conduct certain investing and financing
 activities, in local currencies. Our hedging programs reduce,
 but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange
 rate movements; therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates could
 harm our results and financial condition. In addition, changes
 in tariff and import regulations and in U.S. and
 non-U.S.
 monetary policies may harm our results and financial condition
 by increasing our expenses and reducing our revenue. Varying tax
 rates in different jurisdictions could harm our results of
 operations and financial condition by increasing our overall tax
 rate.

 We maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of
 property, casualty, and other risks. We place our insurance
 coverage with various carriers in numerous jurisdictions.
 However, there is a risk that one or more of our insurance
 providers may be unable to pay a claim. The types and amounts of
 insurance that we obtain vary from time to time and from
 location to location, depending on availability, cost, and our
 decisions with respect to risk retention. The policies are
 subject to deductibles and exclusions that result in our
 retention of a level of risk on a self-insurance basis. Losses
 not covered by insurance may be substantial, which could harm
 our results of operations and financial condition.

 15

Table of Contents

 Failure
 to meet our production targets, resulting in undersupply or
 oversupply of products, may harm our business and results of
 operations.

 Production of integrated circuits is a complex process.
 Disruptions in this process can result from interruptions in our
 processes, errors, and difficulties in our development and
 implementation of new processes; defects in materials;
 disruptions in our supply of materials or resources; and
 disruptions at our fabrication and assembly and test facilities
 due to, for example, accidents, maintenance issues, or unsafe
 working conditions—all of which could affect the timing of
 production ramps and yields. We may not be successful or
 efficient in developing or implementing new production
 processes. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may result in
 our failure to meet or increase production as desired, resulting
 in higher costs or substantial decreases in yields, which could
 affect our ability to produce sufficient volume to meet specific
 product demand. The unavailability or reduced availability of
 certain products could make it more difficult to deliver
 computing platforms. The occurrence of any of these events could
 harm our business and results of operations.

 We may
 have difficulties obtaining the resources or products we need
 for manufacturing, assembling and testing our products, or
 operating other aspects of our business, which could harm our
 ability to meet demand for our products and may increase our
 costs.

 We have thousands of suppliers providing various materials that
 we use in the production of our products and other aspects of
 our business, and we seek, where possible, to have several
 sources of supply for all of those materials. However, we may
 rely on a single or a limited number of suppliers, or upon
 suppliers in a single country, for these materials. The
 inability of such suppliers to deliver adequate supplies of
 production materials or other supplies could disrupt our
 production processes or could make it more difficult for us to
 implement our business strategy. In addition, production could
 be disrupted by the unavailability of the resources used in
 production, such as water, silicon, electricity, gases, and
 other materials. Future environmental regulations could restrict
 the supply or increase the cost of certain of the materials that
 we currently use in our business. Environmental regulations also
 may make it more difficult to obtain permits to build or modify
 additional manufacturing capacity to meet demand. The
 unavailability or reduced availability of the materials or
 resources that we use in our business may require us to reduce
 production of products or may require us to incur additional
 costs in order to obtain an adequate supply of those materials
 or resources. The occurrence of any of these events could harm
 our business and results of operations.

 Costs
 related to product defects and errata may harm our results of
 operations and business.

 Costs associated with unexpected product defects and errata
 (deviations from published specifications) due to, for example,
 unanticipated problems in our design and manufacturing
 processes, could include:

 • 

 writing off the value of inventory of such products;

 • 

 disposing of products that cannot be fixed;

 • 

 recalling such products that have been shipped to customers;

 • 

 providing product replacements for, or modifications to, such
 products; and

 • 

 defending against litigation related to such products.

 These costs could be substantial and may therefore increase our
 expenses and lower our gross margin. In addition, our reputation
 with our customers or users of our products could be damaged as
 a result of such product defects and errata, and the demand for
 our products could be reduced. The announcement of product
 defects
 and/or
 errata could cause customers to purchase products from our
 competitors as a result of anticipated shortages of Intel
 components or for other reasons. These factors could harm our
 financial results and the prospects for our business.

 We may
 be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual
 property rights, which could harm our business.

 Third parties may assert against us or our customers alleged
 patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property
 rights to technologies that are important to our business. We
 are currently engaged in a number of litigation matters
 involving intellectual property rights. We may be subject to
 intellectual property infringement claims from certain
 individuals and companies, including those who have acquired
 patent portfolios for the sole purpose of asserting such claims
 against other companies. Any claims that our products or
 processes infringe the intellectual property rights of others,
 regardless of the merit or resolution of such claims, could
 cause us to incur significant costs in responding to, defending,
 and resolving such claims, and may divert the efforts and
 attention of our management and technical personnel from our
 business. As a result of such intellectual property infringement
 claims, we could be required or otherwise decide that it is
 appropriate to:

 • 

 pay third-party infringement claims;

 • 

 discontinue manufacturing, using, or selling particular products
 subject to infringement claims;

 • 

 discontinue using the technology or processes subject to
 infringement claims;

 • 

 develop other technology not subject to infringement claims,
 which could be time-consuming and costly or may not be possible;
 or

 • 

 license technology from the third party claiming infringement,
 which license may not be available on commercially reasonable
 terms.

 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could result in
 unexpected expenses or require us to recognize an impairment of
 our assets, which would reduce the value of our assets and
 increase expenses. In addition, if we alter or discontinue our
 production of affected items, our revenue could be harmed.

 16

Table of Contents

 We may not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual
 property rights, which may harm our ability to compete and harm
 our business.

 Our ability to enforce our patents, copyrights, software
 licenses, and other intellectual property rights is subject to
 general litigation risks, as well as uncertainty as to the
 enforceability of our intellectual property rights in various
 countries. When we seek to enforce our rights, we are often
 subject to claims that the intellectual property right is
 invalid, is otherwise not enforceable, or is licensed to the
 party against whom we are asserting a claim. In addition, our
 assertion of intellectual property rights often results in the
 other party seeking to assert alleged intellectual property
 rights of its own or assert other claims against us, which could
 harm our business. If we are not ultimately successful in
 defending ourselves against these claims in litigation, we may
 not be able to sell a particular product or family of products
 due to an injunction, or we may have to license the technology
 or pay damages that could, in turn, harm our results of
 operations. In addition, governments may adopt regulations, and
 governments or courts may render decisions, requiring compulsory
 licensing of intellectual property to others, or governments may
 require that products meet specified standards that serve to
 favor local companies. Our inability to enforce our intellectual
 property rights under these circumstances may harm our
 competitive position and our business.

 We may
 be subject to intellectual property theft or misuse, which could
 result in third-party claims and harm our business and results
 of operations.

 We regularly face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access
 through the Internet to our information technology systems, such
 as when they masquerade as authorized users or surreptitiously
 introduce software. These attempts, which might be the result of
 industrial or other espionage, or actions by hackers seeking to
 harm the company, its products, or end users, are sometimes
 successful. We seek to detect and investigate these security
 incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but in some cases we
 might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects.
 The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade
 secrets and other confidential business information as a result
 of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive
 position and reduce marketplace acceptance of our products; the
 value of our investment in R&D, product development, and
 marketing could be reduced; and third parties might assert
 against us or our customers claims related to resulting losses
 of confidential or proprietary information or end-user data, or
 system reliability. Our business could be subject to significant
 disruption, and we could suffer monetary and other losses,
 including the cost of product recalls and returns and
 reputational harm, in the event of such incidents and claims.

 Our
 licenses with other companies and our participation in industry
 initiatives may allow other companies, including our
 competitors, to use our patent rights.

 Companies in the semiconductor industry often rely on the
 ability to license patents from each other in order to compete.
 Many of our competitors have broad licenses or cross-licenses
 with us, and under current case law, some of the licenses may
 permit these competitors to pass our patent rights on to others.
 If one of these licensees becomes a foundry, our competitors
 might be able to avoid our patent rights in manufacturing
 competing products. In addition, our participation in industry
 initiatives may require us to license our patents to other
 companies that adopt certain industry standards or
 specifications, even when such organizations do not adopt
 standards or specifications proposed by us. As a result, our
 patents implicated by our participation in industry initiatives
 might not be available for us to enforce against others who
 might otherwise be deemed to be infringing those patents, our
 costs of enforcing our licenses or protecting our patents may
 increase, and the value of our intellectual property may be
 impaired.

 We
 invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a
 return on our investments.

 We make investments in companies around the world to further our
 strategic objectives and support our key business initiatives.
 Such investments include equity or debt instruments of public or
 private companies, and many of these instruments are
 non-marketable at the time of our initial investment. These
 companies range from early-stage companies that are often still
 defining their strategic direction to more mature companies with
 established revenue streams and business models. The success of
 these companies is dependent on product development, market
 acceptance, operational efficiency, and other key business
 factors. The companies in which we invest may fail because they
 may not be able to secure additional funding, obtain favorable
 investment terms for future financings, or participate in
 liquidity events such as public offerings, mergers, and private
 sales. If any of these private companies fail, we could lose all
 or part of our investment in that company. If we determine that
 an
 other-than-temporary
 decline in the fair value exists for an equity or debt
 investment in a public or private company in which we have
 invested, we write down the investment to its fair value and
 recognize the related write-down as an investment loss. We also
 have significant investments in companies in the flash memory
 market segment, and declines in this market segment or changes
 in management’s plans with respect to our investments in
 this market segment could result in significant impairment
 charges, impacting gains (losses) on equity method investments,
 net and gains (losses) on other equity investments, net.

 When the strategic objectives of an investment have been
 achieved, or if the investment or business diverges from our
 strategic objectives, we may decide to dispose of the
 investment. We may incur losses on the disposal of our
 non-marketable investments. Additionally, for cases in which we
 are required under equity method accounting to recognize a
 proportionate share of another company’s income or loss,
 such income or loss may impact our earnings. Gains or losses
 from equity securities could vary from expectations depending on
 gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of securities,
 gains or losses from equity method investments, and impairment
 charges for equity and other investments.

 17

Table of Contents

 Our
 results of operations could vary as a result of the methods,
 estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting
 policies.

 The methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying
 our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results
 of operations (see “Critical Accounting Estimates” in
 Part II, Item 7 of this Form
 10-K). Such
 methods, estimates, and judgments are, by their nature, subject
 to substantial risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and
 factors may arise over time that lead us to change our methods,
 estimates, and judgments. Changes in those methods, estimates,
 and judgments could significantly affect our results of
 operations.

 Decisions
 about the scope of operations of our business could affect our
 results of operations and financial condition.

 Changes in the business environment could lead to changes in our
 decisions about the scope of operations of our business, and
 these changes could result in restructuring and asset impairment
 charges. Factors that could affect our results of operations and
 financial condition with regard to changing the scope of our
 operations include:

 • 

 timing and execution of plans and programs that may be subject
 to local labor law requirements, including consultation with
 appropriate work councils;

 • 

 changes in assumptions related to severance and postretirement
 costs;

 • 

 future divestitures;

 • 

 new business initiatives and changes in product roadmap,
 development, and manufacturing;

 • 

 changes in employment levels and turnover rates;

 • 

 changes in product demand and the business environment; and

 • 

 changes in the fair value of certain long-lived assets.

 Our
 acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions could disrupt
 our ongoing business and harm our results of
 operations.

 In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct
 discussions, evaluate opportunities, and enter into agreements
 regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, and
 other transactions, such as joint ventures. Acquisitions and
 other transactions involve significant challenges and risks,
 including risks that:

 • 

 we may not be able to identify suitable opportunities at terms
 acceptable to us;

 • 

 the transaction may not advance our business strategy;

 • 

 we may not realize a satisfactory return on the investment we
 make;

 • 

 we may not be able to retain key personnel of the acquired
 business;

 • 

 we may experience difficulty in integrating new employees,
 business systems, and technology;

 • 

 acquired businesses may not have adequate controls, processes,
 and procedures to ensure compliance with laws and regulations
 globally, and our due diligence process may not identify
 compliance issues or other liabilities that are in existence at
 the time of our acquisition;

 • 

 we may have difficulty entering into new market segments in
 which we are not experienced; or

 • 

 we may be unable to retain the customers and partners of
 acquired businesses following the acquisition.

 When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter
 difficulty in finding or completing divestiture opportunities or
 alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely
 manner, and the agreed terms and financing arrangements could be
 renegotiated due to changes in business or market conditions.
 These circumstances could delay the accomplishment of our
 strategic objectives or cause us to incur additional expenses
 with respect to businesses that we want to dispose of, or we may
 dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less
 favorable than we had anticipated, resulting in a loss on the
 transaction.

 If we do enter into agreements with respect to acquisitions,
 divestitures, or other transactions, we may fail to complete
 them due to factors such as:

 • 

 failure to obtain required regulatory or other approvals;

 • 

 intellectual property or other litigation; or

 • 

 difficulties that we or other parties may encounter in obtaining
 financing for the transaction.

 In
 order to compete, we must attract, retain, and motivate key
 employees, and our failure to do so could harm our results of
 operations.

 In order to compete, we must attract, retain, and motivate
 executives and other key employees. Hiring and retaining
 qualified executives, scientists, engineers, technical staff,
 and sales representatives are critical to our business, and
 competition for experienced employees in the semiconductor
 industry can be intense. To help attract, retain, and motivate
 qualified employees, we use share-based incentive awards such as
 non-vested share units (restricted stock units) and employee
 stock options. If the value of such stock awards does not
 appreciate as measured by the performance of the price of our
 common stock, or if our share-based compensation otherwise
 ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, our ability to
 attract, retain, and motivate employees could be weakened, which
 could harm our results of operations.

 18

Table of Contents

 Our
 failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and
 regulations worldwide could harm our business and results of
 operations.

 The manufacturing and assembling and testing of our products
 require the use of hazardous materials that are subject to a
 broad array of EHS laws and regulations. Our failure to comply
 with any of those applicable laws or regulations could result in:

 • 

 regulatory penalties, fines, and legal liabilities;

 • 

 suspension of production;

 • 

 alteration of our fabrication and assembly and test processes;
 and

 • 

 curtailment of our operations or sales.

 In addition, our failure to manage the use, transportation,
 emissions, discharge, storage, recycling, or disposal of
 hazardous materials could subject us to increased costs or
 future liabilities. Existing and future environmental laws and
 regulations could also require us to acquire pollution abatement
 or remediation equipment, modify our product designs, or incur
 other expenses associated with such laws and regulations. Many
 new materials that we are evaluating for use in our operations
 may be subject to regulation under existing or future
 environmental laws and regulations that may restrict our use of
 one or more of such materials in our manufacturing, assembly and
 test processes, or products. Any of these restrictions could
 harm our business and results of operations by increasing our
 expenses or requiring us to alter our manufacturing and assembly
 and test processes.

 Climate
 change poses both regulatory and physical risks that could harm
 our results of operations or affect the way we conduct our
 business.

 In addition to the possible direct economic impact that climate
 change could have on us, climate change mitigation programs and
 regulations can increase our costs. For example, the cost of
 perfluorocompounds (PFCs), a gas that we use in manufacturing,
 could increase over time under some climate-change-focused
 emissions trading programs that may be imposed by government
 regulation. If the use of PFCs is prohibited, we would need to
 obtain substitute materials that may cost more or be less
 available for our manufacturing operations. In addition, air
 quality permit requirements for our manufacturing operations
 could become more burdensome and cause delays in our ability to
 modify or build additional manufacturing capacity. Under the
 recently adopted greenhouse gas regulations in the U.S., many of
 our manufacturing facilities will become “major”
 sources under the Clean Air Act in 2011. At a minimum, this
 change in status will result in some uncertainty as the EPA
 adopts guidance on implementation of its greenhouse gas
 regulations. Due to the dynamic nature of our semiconductor
 manufacturing operations, it is likely these new regulations
 will result in increased costs for our U.S. operations. These
 cost increases could be associated with new air pollution
 control requirements, and increased or new monitoring,
 recordkeeping, and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions. We
 also see the potential for higher energy costs driven by climate
 change regulations. Our costs could increase if utility
 companies pass on their costs, such as those associated with
 carbon taxes, emission cap and trade programs, or renewable
 portfolio standards. While we maintain business recovery plans
 that are intended to allow us to recover from natural disasters
 or other events that can be disruptive to our business, we
 cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from all
 such disasters or events. Many of our operations are located in
 semi-arid regions, such as Israel and the southwestern U.S. Some
 scenarios predict that these regions may become even more
 vulnerable to prolonged droughts due to climate change.

 Changes
 in our effective tax rate may harm our results of
 operations.

 A number of factors may increase our future effective tax rates,
 including:

 • 

 the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned
 and taxed;

 • 

 the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various
 tax authorities;

 • 

 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and
 liabilities, and changes in deferred tax valuation allowances;

 • 

 adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of various tax
 returns;

 • 

 increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including
 write-offs of acquired in-process research and development and
 impairments of goodwill in connection with acquisitions;

 • 

 changes in available tax credits;

 • 

 changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws,
 including changes in the U.S. to the taxation of foreign income
 and expenses;

 • 

 changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; and

 • 

 our decision to repatriate
 non-U.S.
 earnings for which we have not previously provided for U.S.
 taxes.

 Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could
 reduce net income for future periods.

 Interest
 and other, net could be impacted by macroeconomic and other
 factors, harming our results of operations.

 Factors that could cause interest and other, net in our
 consolidated statements of income to fluctuate include:

 • 

 fixed-income, equity, and credit market volatility;

 • 

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

 • 

 fluctuations in interest rates;

 • 

 changes in the credit standing of financial instrument
 counterparties; and

 • 

 changes in our cash and investment balances.

 19

Table of Contents