In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K (particularly in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations), or in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following are some important
factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. 

RISKS RELATING TO INDUSTRY
CONDITIONS 

CHANGES IN THE COST OR AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIAL AND ENERGY.

 We rely heavily on certain raw materials (principally wood fiber, caustic soda and polyethylene) and energy sources (principally natural gas, coal and fuel oil) in our manufacturing process. Our ability to increase earnings has been, and
will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials and energy sources. We may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw material or energy costs through hedging arrangements, price increases,
productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. 

CHANGES IN TRANSPORTATION AVAILABILITY OR COSTS. 

Our business depends on the transportation of a large number of products, both in the United States and internationally. In the United States, an increase in transportation rates or fuel surcharges could negatively
impact our financial results, and/or a reduction in transport availability in 

truck and rail could negatively impact our ability to provide products to our customers in a timely manner. While we have benefited from supply chain initiatives that
reduce usage and improve transportation availability, there is no assurance that such availability can continue to be effectively managed in the future. 

COMPETITION.

 We operate in a competitive environment, both in the United States and internationally, in all of our operating segments. Because our outlook depends
on a forecast of our share of industry sales, an unexpected reduction in that share due to pricing or product strategies pursued by competitors could negatively impact our financial results. 

PRODUCT MIX.

 Our results may be affected by a change in the Company’s sales mix. Our outlook assumes a certain volume mix
of sales as well as a product mix of sales. If actual results vary from this projected volume and product mix of sales, our financial results could be negatively impacted. 

PRICING.

 Our outlook assumes that we will be successful in implementing previously announced price increases as well as other
price increases that we may in the future deem necessary and/or appropriate. Delays in the realization of these price increases would negatively impact our financial results. Moreover, price discounting, if required to maintain our competitive
position and our share of industry sales, could result in lower than anticipated price realizations. 

DEMAND
FOR OUR PRODUCTS.

 Demand for our products is affected by general economic conditions in North America, Europe, Russia, Latin America, Asia and North Africa. Changes in industrial non-durable goods production,
consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, white-collar employment levels, interest rates and currency exchange rates may adversely affect our businesses and our financial results. 

RISKS RELATING TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 

CHANGES IN CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR COST OF FINANCING AND HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR SECURITIES.

 Credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include our operating results, actions that we take, their view of 

5 

Table of Contents

the general outlook for our industry and their view of the general outlook for the economy. Actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading, or
downgrading the current rating or placing the company on a watch list for possible future downgrading. Downgrading the credit rating of our debt securities or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading would likely increase our cost
of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

AVAILABILITY OF CREDIT.

 The recent turmoil in the credit markets and the limited availability of credit may have a negative financial impact on some of our customers and potential buyers of our remaining forestlands. This may affect the
timing and amount of sales of our products and the timing of sales of our remaining forestlands. 

PENSION AND
HEALTH CARE COSTS.

 Our pension and health care costs are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Pension plan assets are primarily made up of
equity and fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual equity market returns as well as changes in general interest rates may result in increased or decreased pension costs in future periods. Likewise, changes in assumptions regarding current
discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets could also increase or decrease pension costs. 

CHANGES IN INTERNATIONAL CONDITIONS.

 Our financial results could be substantially affected by foreign market risks in the countries outside the United States in which we have manufacturing
facilities or sell our products. Specifically, Brazil, Russia, Poland and China, where we have substantial manufacturing facilities, are countries that are exposed to economic and political instability in their respective regions of the world.
Downturns in economic activity, adverse foreign tax consequences or any change in social, political or labor conditions in any of these countries or regions could negatively affect our financial results. 

CHANGES IN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES.

 We are impacted by the movement of various
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. From time to time, we may hedge a portion of the risk from our transactions and commitments denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies when we deem it appropriate to do so. There can be no assurance, however,
that we will be able to fully protect ourselves against substantial foreign currency fluctuations. 

 RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE COSTS

UNANTICIPATED EXPENDITURES RELATED TO THE COST OF COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL
REGULATIONS.

 Our operations are subject to U.S. and international laws and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety. There can be no assurance that the costs of compliance with existing and
new regulations, including costs associated with global climate change regulation, will not require significant capital expenditures, or that existing reserves for specific matters will, if regulations change, be adequate to cover future
unanticipated costs. 

RESULTS OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

 The costs and other
effects of pending litigation against the Company cannot be determined with certainty. Although the disclosure in Item 3. Legal Proceedings contains management’s current view that the outcome of any pending or threatened lawsuits or
claims, or all of them combined, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements, there can be no assurance that the outcome of any lawsuit or claim will be as expected. 

RISKS RELATING TO THE COMPANY’S OPERATIONS 

MATERIAL DISRUPTIONS OF MANUFACTURING. 

We operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our
facilities. A material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial results. Any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our machines
within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including: 

•

 unscheduled maintenance outages 

•

 prolonged power failures 

•

 an equipment failure 

•

 a chemical spill or release 

•

 explosion of a boiler 

•

 the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply 

•

 labor difficulties 

•

 disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels 

6 

Table of Contents

•

 fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes or other catastrophes 

•

 terrorism or threats of terrorism 

•

 domestic and international laws and regulations applicable to our Company and our business partners, including joint venture partners, around the world

•

 other operational problems 

Any such downtime or
facility damage could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products and/or require us to make unplanned capital expenditures. If one of these machines or facilities were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production
targets and satisfy customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and have a negative effect on our financial results. 

ABILITY TO REALIZE NON-PRICE PROFIT IMPROVEMENT.

 The Company has made a commitment to deliver on profit improvement initiatives, including ongoing manufacturing,
supply chain and overhead cost reduction initiatives, as well as volume/mix improvements. There can be no assurance that any or all of these profit improvements will be achieved. 

This discussion of uncertainties is by no means exhaustive, but is designed to highlight important factors that may impact our outlook. Obvious general economic factors throughout the world (such as
inflation, a sudden drop in consumer or business confidence, or an unexpected collapse in stock markets) do not warrant further discussion, but are noted to further emphasize the many contingencies that may cause our actual results to differ from
those currently anticipated.