In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K (particularly in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations), or in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following
are some important factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. 

RISKS RELATING TO INDUSTRY CONDITIONS 

Changes in the cost or availability of raw material and energy
. We rely
heavily on certain raw materials (principally wood fiber, caustic soda and polyethylene) and energy sources (principally natural gas, coal and fuel oil) in our manufacturing process. Our ability to increase earnings has been, and will continue to
be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials and energy sources. We may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw material or energy costs through hedging arrangements, price increases, productivity
improvements or cost reduction programs. 

Changes in transportation costs. 
Our business depends on the transportation of a
large number of products, both domestically and internationally. In the United States, an increase in transportation rates or fuel surcharges and/or a reduction in transport availability in truck and rail could negatively impact our ability to
provide products to our customers in a timely manner. While we have benefited from supply chain initiatives that provide adequate transportation availability, there is no assurance that such availability can continue to be effectively managed in the
future. 

4 

Table of Contents

Competition

. We face intense competition, both domestically and internationally, for our products in all of our current operating
segments, including the two key platform businesses under our previously announced Transformation Plan, uncoated papers and packaging. Because our outlook depends on a forecast of our share of industry sales, an unexpected reduction in that share
due to pricing or product strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing difficulty, a failure to price our products competitively, competition from producers of substitute materials or other similar factors could
negatively impact our revenues and financial results. 

Product mix.
 Our results may be affected by a change in the
Company’s sales mix. Our outlook assumes a certain volume mix of sales as well as a product mix of sales. If actual results vary from this projected volume and product mix of sales, our operations (for example, by way of lack-of-order downtime)
and our results could be negatively impacted. 

Pricing
. Our outlook assumes that we will be successful in implementing
previously announced price increases as well as other price increases that we may in the future deem necessary and/or appropriate. Also, delays in acceptance of these price increases would negatively impact our results. Moreover, price discounting,
if required to maintain our competitive position, could result in lower than anticipated price realizations. 

Demand for our
products
. Demand for our products is affected by general economic conditions in North America, Europe, South America and Asia. Changes in industrial non-durable goods production, consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising
activity, white-collar employment levels, new home construction and repair and remodeling activity, interest rates and currency exchange rates may adversely affect our businesses and the results of operations. 

RISKS RELATING TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 

Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations

. Maintaining an investment grade credit rating for our long-term debt continues to be an important element in our overall
financial strategy. Our debt ratings are, from time to time, reviewed by the rating organizations and remain subject to change. For example, in 2005, Moody’s downgraded our debt from Baa2 to Baa3. 

Pension and health care costs

. Our pension and health care benefits are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan
experience and assumptions of future experience. Pension plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual equity market returns as well as changes in general interest rates may result in

increased or decreased pension costs in future periods. Likewise, changes in assumptions regarding current discount rates and expected rates of return on
plan assets could also increase or decrease pension costs. Future pension funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could be affected by legislation currently being considered in the U.S. Congress. 

Natural disasters

. The occurrence of a natural disaster, such as a hurricane, tropical storm, earthquake, tornado, flooding or other
unanticipated problems, could cause operational disruptions which could impair our profitability. 

Changes in international
conditions

. Our results could be substantially affected by foreign market risks in the countries in which we have manufacturing facilities or sell our products. Specifically, Brazil, Russia, Poland, China and South Korea, where
substantial manufacturing facilities exist, are developing countries subject to economic and political instability. Downturns in economic activity, adverse foreign tax consequences or any change in social, political or labor conditions in any of
these countries or regions could negatively affect our financial results. 

Changes in currency exchange rates

. We are
impacted by the movement of various currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. From time to time, we may hedge a portion of the risk from our transactions and commitments denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies when we deem it appropriate to do so.
There can, however, be no assurance that we will be able to fully protect ourselves against substantial foreign currency fluctuations. 

RISKS RELATING
TO THE COMPANY’S TRANSFORMATION PLAN 

Ability to accomplish the Transformation Plan.
 On July 19, 2005, the
Company announced a three-part plan (the “Transformation Plan”) to transform its business portfolio to improve returns, strengthen the balance sheet and return cash to shareholders. The Transformation Plan includes narrowing the
Company’s business portfolio to two key global platform businesses: uncoated papers (including the xpedx distribution business) and packaging. Among the uncertainties that exist to completing the Transformation Plan are uncertainties relating
to the Company’s ability to divest or spin-off the businesses under evaluation as well as the timing, terms and net proceeds of any such transactions. 

Impact of the Transformation Plan on the Company’s relationships with its employees

. The Company has taken steps to incent and retain employees during the transformation, and has entered into
retention agreements with certain key employees who would not remain with the Company if their respective businesses are sold. 

5 

Table of Contents

Ability to realize anticipated profit improvement from the Transformation Plan.
 The profitability of the Company’s two platform
businesses, uncoated papers and packaging, is subject to variable demand and the Company’s ability to execute internal profit initiatives, including ongoing supply chain and overhead initiatives and volume/mix improvements. There can be no
assurance that profit improvements will be achieved. 

RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE COSTS 

Unanticipated expenditures related to the cost of compliance with environmental and other governmental regulations
. Our operations are
subject to significant regulation by federal, state and local environmental and safety authorities, both domestically and internationally. There can be no assurance that the costs of compliance with existing and new regulations will not require
significant capital expenditures, or that existing reserves will be adequate to cover future unanticipated costs. 

Results of legal
proceedings
. The costs and other effects of pending litigation against the Company and related insurance recoveries cannot be determined with certainty. Although the disclosure in Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” contains
management’s current views of the impact such litigation will have on our financial results, there can be no assurance that the outcome of such proceedings will be as expected. 

This discussion of uncertainties is by no means exhaustive, but is designed to highlight important factors that may impact our outlook. Obvious general
economic factors throughout the world (such as inflation, a sudden drop in consumer or business confidence, or an unexpected collapse in stock markets) do not warrant further discussion, but are noted to further emphasize the myriad of contingencies
that may cause our actual results to differ from those currently anticipated.