– 
WE OPERATE IN A CHALLENGING MARKET FOR TALENT AND MAY FAIL TO ATTRACT AND 

2

Table of Contents

RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, INCLUDING KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

We view compensation and benefits as part of how we attract, engage and retain our talented workforce. We do so by rewarding performance while ensuring competitive compensation in our local markets around the world. We continually evaluate our compensation and benefits so that we offer optimal compensation programs and remain a leading employer of choice in the areas in which we operate. 

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

The Company believes in an inclusive workforce, where employees of diverse backgrounds are represented, engaged and empowered to contribute innovative ideas and influence decisions. Our stated Vision 2030 goal is to achieve 30% overall representation of women and 50% women in salaried positions, 30% racial and ethnic minority representation in U.S. salaried positions, and to implement regional diversity plans in non-U.S. locations. To foster a more diverse and inclusive culture, the Company is focused on promoting a culture of diversity and inclusion that leverages the talents of all employees, and implementing practices that attract, recruit and retain diverse top talent. We have a Global Diversity and Inclusion Council comprised of senior leaders in the Company. The Company supports employee-led networking groups that are open to all employees and provide a forum to communicate and exchange ideas, build a network of relationships across the Company, and pursue personal and professional development, such as the Women in International Paper Employee Networking Circle (Women in IP), African American Employee Networking Circle (IPMOVE), LGBTQ Employee Networking Circle (IPride) and a Veterans Employee Networking Circle (IPVets). We also sponsor diversity and inclusion (D&I) scholarships at universities, recognize D&I awareness months, conduct training and host inclusion forums, mentoring boards and team-level courses which further our diversity and inclusion goals. 

We have a global workforce and have implemented programs around the globe to create diverse, inclusive workplaces. We have increased representation of engineers in our REACH program. Our overall full-time REACH diversity hiring since 2018 is approximately 50%. Moreover, we have developed a Diversity Acquisition Framework for U.S. Colleges to guide our enterprise diversity efforts as we work towards accomplishing our Vision 2030 goals. 

The Company also has been recognized for the diversity of its Board of Directors. The make-up of our Board of Directors reflects our efforts to seek qualified Board candidates with diverse backgrounds including, but not limited to, such factors as race, gender, and ethnicity. The current composition of our Board, as noted below, reflects those efforts and the importance of diversity to the Board: 

•
27% women, 27% ethnically diverse,18% African-American; 

•
60% of the Board’s standing committees are chaired by women; and

•
Two women directors and two African-American directors have joined in the last several years.

GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP AND COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

We encourage our employees to support the communities in which they live and in which the Company operates. Our global citizenship and community engagement efforts extend across the globe and support social and educational needs. To that end, in 2022 we invested more than $19 million to address critical needs in the communities in which we work and live. Our Vision 2030 goal is to strengthen the resilience of our communities and improve the lives of 100 million people in our communities, including through supporting education, reducing hunger, promoting health and wellness and supporting disaster relief. We are proud to have been named among the world’s most ethical companies by Ethisphere for 16 consecutive years.

COMPETITION AND COSTS

The pulp and packaging sectors are large and fragmented, and the areas into which we sell our principal products are very competitive. Our products compete with similar products produced by other forest products companies. We also compete, in some instances, with companies in other industries and against substitutes for wood-fiber products.

Many factors influence the Company’s competitive position, including price, cost, product quality and services. You can find more information about the impact of these factors on operating profits on pages 23 through 33 of 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

. You can find information about the Company’s manufacturing capacities on page A-3 of 
Appendix II

.

3

Table of Contents

MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION

The Company sells products directly to end users and converters, as well as through agents, resellers and distributors. 

DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS

The Company’s principal products are described on pages 31 and 32 of 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

. 

SALES VOLUMES BY PRODUCT

Sales volumes of major products for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

SALES VOLUMES BY PRODUCT (a)

In thousands of short tons (except as noted)

2022

2021

2020

Industrial Packaging

Corrugated Packaging (b)

10,202

10,787 

10,671 

Containerboard

2,642

2,893 

3,097 

Recycling

2,190

2,223 

2,181 

Saturated Kraft

188

186 

158 

Gypsum/Release Kraft

251

234 

209 

EMEA Packaging (b)

1,376

1,546 

1,627 

Brazilian Packaging (b)

—

— 

271 

Industrial Packaging

16,849

17,869 

18,214 

Global Cellulose Fibers 
(
in thousands of metric tons)
 (c)

2,893

2,970 

3,159 

(a)
Includes third-party and intersegment sales and excludes sales of equity investees. 

(b)
Volumes for corrugated box sales reflect consumed tons sold ("CTS"). Board sales by these businesses reflect invoiced tons.

(c) Includes North American volumes and internal sales to mills.

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

As responsible stewards of people and communities, natural resources and capital, stewardship is one of the Company's core values. Our Vision 2030 Goals provide a framework to build a better future for people, the planet and the Company in the areas of healthy and abundant forests, thriving people and communities, sustainable operations and renewable solutions. Through these efforts and more, the Company tackles the toughest issues in the value chain to improve its environmental footprint and promote the long-term sustainability of natural capital. 

As part of its business, the Company is subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal, state local, and international laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. For example, Company manufacturing processes involve discharges to water, air emissions, water intake and waste handling and disposal activities, all of which are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations, along with requirements of environmental permits or analogous authorizations issued by various governmental authorities. In addition, new environmental laws or regulations impacting our facilities around the world are routinely passed or proposed. Our continuing objectives include: (1) 

controlling emissions and discharges from our facilities to avoid adverse impacts on the environment, and (2) maintaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Company spent approximately $30 million in 2022 for capital projects to control environmental releases into the air and water, and to assure environmentally sound management and disposal of waste. We expect to spend approximately $39 million in 2023 for environmental capital projects. Capital expenditures on environmental projects for 2024 and 2025, respectively, are anticipated to be approximately $35 million and $26 million. It is possible that our capital expenditure assumptions, estimates and project completion dates may change, and our projections are subject to change due to items such as the finalization of ongoing engineering projects, varying costs or changes in environmental laws and regulations. 

The Company has completed capital projects to meet the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's ("EPA") maximum achievable control technology ("MACT") and risk and technology review ("RTR") regulations that require owners of specified pulp and paper process equipment and boilers to meet new air emissions standards for certain substances. As portions of these MACT and RTR regulations have 

4

Table of Contents

been remanded to EPA for further consideration it is not clear at this time what, if any, additional capital project expenditures might result from resolution of the open issues.

The Company has been named as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") in environmental remediation actions under various federal and state laws, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"). Many of these proceedings involve the cleanup of hazardous substances at large commercial landfills that received waste from many different sources. While joint and several liability is authorized under CERCLA and equivalent state laws, as a practical matter, liability for CERCLA cleanups is typically allocated among the many PRPs. There are other remediation costs typically associated with the cleanup of hazardous substances at the Company’s current, closed or formerly-owned facilities, and recorded as liabilities on the balance sheet. For additional information regarding certain remediation actions, see 
Note 14 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

 of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 on pages 71 through 75. For additional information regarding risks associated with environmental matters, see Item 
1A. Risk Factors

 – 
WE ARE SUBJECT TO A WIDE VARIETY OF LAWS, REGULATIONS AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL REQUIREMENTS THAT MAY CHANGE IN SIGNIFICANT WAYS, AND THE COST OF COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS COULD IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

CLIMATE CHANGE

The Company recognizes the impacts of climate change on people and our planet. In order to manage climate-related risks, we are taking actions throughout our value chain to help advance a low-carbon economy. We aligned our annual sustainability reporting with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) in the 2022 reporting cycle (based upon data from 2021). We identify and evaluate physical and transition climate-related risks through our enterprise risk management process.

We transform renewable resources into recyclable products that people depend on every day. This cycle begins with sourcing renewable fiber from responsibly managed forests and recycled raw materials to create our products. We then use a circular manufacturing process that makes the most of resources and byproducts, while reducing the environmental impacts of our operations. At the end of use, the majority of

our low-carbon products are recycled into new products at a higher rate than any other base material. We work to advance the shift to a low-carbon, circular economy by designing products that are 100% reusable, recyclable or compostable. 

Through improvements in operations, equipment, energy efficiency and fuel diversity, we have achieved company-wide reductions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. For example, we reduced our GHG emissions by approximately 20% between 2010 and 2020. Moreover, as part of our Vision 2030 goals, we have targeted incremental reductions of 35% in our Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions in comparison to 2019 levels. The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) approved these targets as consistent with levels required to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement, an agreement signed among over 170 countries, which became effective in November 2016. We intend to continue to evaluate and implement projects as we pursue this Vision 2030 GHG goal. This includes ongoing energy efficiency efforts and capital projects to phase out our most carbon intensive fuel sources (Scope 1) as well as developing GHG reduction strategies for our energy sourcing (Scope 2) and broader supply chain footprint (Scope 3). 

We use carbon-neutral biomass and manufacturing residuals (rather than fossil fuels) to generate a majority of the manufacturing energy at our mills. We believe our efforts to advance sustainable forest management and restore forest landscapes are an important lever for mitigating climate change through carbon storage in forests. 

INTERNATIONAL EFFORTS

The Paris Agreement went into effect in November 2016 and compels international efforts and voluntary commitments toward reducing the emissions of GHGs. Consistent with this objective, participating countries aim to balance GHG emissions generation and sequestration in the second half of this century or, in effect, achieve net-zero global GHG emissions. 

To assist member countries in meeting GHG reduction obligations, the EU operates an Emissions Trading System ("EU ETS"). Our operations in the EU experience indirect impacts of the EU ETS through purchased power pricing. Neither the direct nor indirect impacts of the EU ETS have been material to the Company, but they could be material to the Company in the future depending on how the Paris Agreement's non-binding commitments or allocation of, and market prices for, GHG credits under existing rules evolve over the coming years.

5

Table of Contents

U.S. EFFORTS, INCLUDING STATE, REGIONAL AND LOCAL MEASURES

Responses to climate change may result in regulatory risks as new laws and regulations aimed at reducing GHG emissions come into effect. The EPA manages regulations to: (i) control GHGs from mobile sources by adopting transportation fuel efficiency standards; (ii) control GHG emissions from new Electric Generating Units ("EGUs"); (iii) control emissions from new oil and gas processing operations; and (iv) require reporting of GHGs from sources of GHGs greater than 25,000 tons per year. 

Several U.S. states, including states in which we operate facilities, have enacted or are considering legal measures to require the reduction and reporting of emissions of GHGs by companies and public utilities. California, New York and Virginia have already enacted such programs, although these regulations have not had, and are not expected to have a material impact on the Company. We monitor proposed programs in other states as well; however, it is unclear what impacts, if any, future state-level or local GHG rules will have on the Company’s operations. 

SUMMARY

Regulation related to GHGs and climate change continues to evolve in the areas of the world in which we do business. However, while it is likely that there will be increased governmental action regarding GHGs and climate change in the future, it is unclear what actions will be taken and when such actions will occur and at this time it is not reasonably possible to estimate the Company’s costs of compliance with rules that have not yet been adopted or implemented and may not be adopted or implemented in the future. In addition to possible direct impacts, future legislation and regulation could have indirect impacts on the Company, such as higher prices for transportation, energy and other inputs, as well as more protracted air permitting processes, causing delays and higher costs to implement capital projects. The Company has controls and procedures in place to track GHG emissions from our facilities, as well as to stay informed about developments concerning possible climate-related laws, regulations, accords, and policies in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions where we operate. We regularly assess whether such developments may have a material effect on the Company, its operations or financial condition, and whether we have any related disclosure obligations under applicable rules and regulations.

Moreover, compliance with legal requirements related to GHGs and/or climate change which are currently in effect or may be enacted in the future may require 

future expenditures to meet GHG emission reduction obligations. These obligations may include carbon taxes, the requirement to purchase GHG credits or the need to acquire carbon offsets. We may also incur significant expenditures in relation to our efforts to meet our internal targets or goals with respect to GHGs and climate change, including our Vision 2030 goal on GHGs as set forth above. Furthermore, in connection with complying with legal requirements and/or our efforts to meet our internal targets and goals, we have made and expect to continue to make capital and other investments to displace traditional fossil fuels, such as fuel oil and coal, with lower carbon alternatives, such as biomass and natural gas. Currently, these efforts and obligations have not materially impacted the Company but such efforts and obligations may have a material impact on the Company in the future. 

We believe global citizenship is a key element of corporate governance promoted by our Board of Directors and senior management. The Public Policy and Environment Committee of the Board has overall oversight responsibility for global citizenship at the Company. This Committee reviews and oversees environmental sustainability (including climate change), public policy, legal, health and safety and technology issues. The Company’s Governance Committee also has oversight of certain public policy and sustainability matters.

For additional information regarding risks associated with climate change, see Item 
1A. Risk Factors

 – 
WE ARE SUBJECT TO PHYSICAL, OPERATIONAL, TRANSITIONAL AND FINANCIAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE AND GLOBAL, REGIONAL AND LOCAL WEATHER CONDITIONS AS WELL AS BY LEGAL, REGULATORY AND MARKET RESPONSES TO CLIMATE CHANGE. 

Additional information regarding climate change and the Company is available in our 2021 Sustainability Report, and will be available in our upcoming 2022 Sustainability Report to be filed later in 2023, both of which can, or will be, found on our website at www.internationalpaper.com. The information contained in such reports is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. Any targets or goals with respect to ESG matters discussed herein or in our sustainability reports as noted above are forward-looking statements and may be aspirational. These targets or goals are not guarantees of future results, and involve assumptions and known and unknown risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control.

6

Table of Contents

RAW MATERIALS

Raw materials essential to our businesses include wood fiber, purchased in the form of pulpwood, wood chips and old corrugated containers (OCC), and certain chemicals, including caustic soda, starch and adhesives. For further information concerning fiber supply purchase agreements, see page 36.

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Mark S. Sutton,
 61, chairman (since January 1, 2015) & chief executive officer (since November 1, 2014). Mr. Sutton previously served as president & chief operating officer from June 1, 2014 to October 31, 2014, senior vice president - industrial packaging from November 2011 to May 31, 2014, senior vice president - printing and communications papers of the Americas from 2010 until 2011, senior vice president - supply chain from 2008 to 2009, vice president - supply chain from 2007 until 2008, and vice president - strategic planning from 2005 until 2007. Mr. Sutton joined International Paper in 1984. Mr. Sutton serves on the board of directors of The Kroger Company. He is a member of The Business Council and the Business Roundtable and serves on the American Forest & Paper Association board of directors. He also serves on the board of directors for Memphis Tomorrow and board of governors for New Memphis Institute. Mr. Sutton has been a director since June 1, 2014.

Clay R. Ellis,
 52, senior vice president - global cellulose fibers and IP Asia since January 2023. Mr. Ellis previously served as senior vice president - enterprise operational excellence from December 2019 to December 2022 and vice president - manufacturing, global cellulose fibers from 2016 to December 2019. Prior to that, he served as vice president of pulp from 2014 to 2016, and vice president manufacturing, North American papers from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Ellis joined International Paper in 1992.

Aimee K. Gregg
,

44, senior vice president, supply chain & information technology, since January 2023. Prior to this role, Ms. Gregg served as vice president and general manager, Containerboard & Recycling, from September 2020 until January 2023; vice president, Recycling & Recovered Fiber, from 2018 until 2020, and general manager, recycling, from 2016 to 2018. Ms. Gregg joined International Paper in 2002.

W. Thomas Hamic,
 57, senior vice president - North American container and chief commercial officer since January 2023. Prior to that he served 

as senior vice president - global cellulose fibers and enterprise commercial excellence from September 2020 to December 2022. Mr. Hamic previously served as senior vice president - containerboard and enterprise commercial excellence from December 2019 until September 2020. Mr. Hamic has also previously served as vice president and general manager - containerboard & recycling, North American container

from June 2015 until December 2019. Mr. Hamic became vice president and general manager of the south area in container of the Americas in 2009, and he was appointed to the role of vice president, industrial packaging group’s finance & strategy in 2010. Mr. Hamic joined International Paper in 1991.

Allison B. Magness
, 45, senior vice president manufacturing & EH&S (environmental, health and safety) since January 2023. Prior to that she served as vice president, South Area, North American container from 2019 to 2022. Previously she had served in a number of roles including vice president, Manufacturing & Containerboard from 2015 to 2019; manager, technical services, North American Paper & Pulp from 2013 to 2015; and mill manager of the Franklin Mill from 2011 to 2013. Ms. Magness joined International Paper in 1999. 

Timothy S. Nicholls,
 61, senior vice president & chief financial officer since June 2018. Mr. Nicholls previously served as senior vice president - industrial packaging the Americas from January 2017 through June 2018, senior vice president - industrial packaging from November 2014 through December 2016, senior vice president - printing and communications papers of the Americas from November 2011 through October 2014, senior vice president and chief financial officer from 2007 until 2011, vice president and executive project leader of IP Europe during 2007, and vice president and chief financial officer - IP Europe from 2005 until 2007. Mr. Nicholls joined International Paper in 1999.

Thomas J. Plath,
 59, senior vice president - human resources and corporate affairs since January 2023. Prior to that he served as senior vice president - human resources and global citizenship from March 1, 2017 to December 2022. Mr. Plath previously served as vice president - human resources, global businesses from November 2014 through February 2017, and vice president - HR manufacturing, technology, EH&S and global supply chain from April 2013 to November 2014. Mr. Plath joined International Paper in 1991.

James P. Royalty, Jr., 
53, senior vice president - containerboard and recycling since January 2023. Prior to that he served as senior vice president and president, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Russia 

7

Table of Contents

from December 2019 to December 2022. Most recently, Mr. Royalty served as vice president, corporate development and disruptive technologies from September 2018 until December 2019, vice president, strategic projects from 2017 until 2018, vice president, investor relations from 2013 until 2017, vice president and general manager, container the Americas in 2008 to 2013. Mr. Royalty joined International Paper in 1991.

Joseph Saab,
 54, senior vice president, general counsel & corporate secretary since July 2022. Mr. Saab previously served as vice president, deputy general counsel & assistant corporate secretary from 2019 until July 2022 and associate general counsel - Industrial Packaging North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa from 2014 until 2019.

Gregory T. Wanta,
 57, senior vice president as of January 2023. Prior to that Mr. Wanta served as senior vice president - North American container from December 2016 to December 2022. Mr. Wanta has served in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility in manufacturing and commercial leadership roles in specialty papers, coated paperboard, printing papers, foodservice and industrial packaging, including vice president, central region, Container the Americas, from January 2012 through October 2016. Mr. Wanta joined International Paper in 1991.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical in nature may be considered “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and reflect management’s current views and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ include but are not limited to: (i) risks with respect to climate change and global, regional, and local weather conditions, as well as risks related to our ability to meet targets and goals with respect to climate change and the emission of GHGs and other environmental, social and governance matters; (ii) the impact of the conflict involving Russia and Ukraine, including in connection with related escalated sanctions imposed by the United States, the European Union, G7 and other countries and possible actions by the Russian government, and the impact of such developments on domestic and global economic and geopolitical conditions in general and on us and 

our Ilim joint venture, which could be materially and adversely affected by such developments, and our inability to predict the full impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, current or future sanctions, current or future actions by the Russian government, geopolitical instability and the possibility of broadened military conflict on our Ilim joint venture, on our receipt of dividends from our Ilim joint venture and on our ability to complete the sale of our interest in the Ilim joint venture under the terms of the agreement with our joint venture partners or the sale of our interest in Ilim Group (and, if we are unable to complete such sales, on the value of and our ability to sell such interests to another purchaser); (iii) the level of our indebtedness and changes in interest rates (including the impact of current elevated interest rate levels); (iv) the impact of global and domestic economic conditions and industry conditions, including with respect to current negative macroeconomic conditions, inflationary pressures and changes in the cost or availability of raw materials, energy sources and transportation sources, supply chain shortages and disruptions, competition we face, cyclicality and changes in consumer preferences, demand and pricing for our products, and conditions impacting the credit, capital and financial markets; (v) domestic and global geopolitical conditions, changes in currency exchange rates, trade protectionist policies, downgrades in our credit ratings, and/or the credit ratings of banks issuing certain letters of credit, issued by recognized credit rating organizations; (vi) the amount of our future pension funding obligations, and pension and healthcare costs; (vii) unanticipated expenditures or other adverse developments related to compliance with existing and new environmental, tax, labor and employment, privacy, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and other U.S. and non-U.S. governmental laws and regulations; (viii) any material disruption at any of our manufacturing facilities or other adverse impact on our operations due to severe weather, natural disasters, climate change or other causes; (ix) risks inherent in conducting business through joint ventures; (x) our ability to achieve the benefits expected from, and other risks associated with, acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, spinoffs and other corporate transactions, (xi) cybersecurity and information technology risks; (xii) loss contingencies and pending, threatened or future litigation, including with respect to environmental related matters; (xiii) our exposure to claims under our agreements with Sylvamo Corporation; (xiv) our failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the spin-off of Sylvamo Corporation and the qualification of such spin-off as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (xv) our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, particularly in light of current labor market conditions. These and other factors that could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from such forward-looking 

8

Table of Contents

statements can be found in our press releases and SEC filings. In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that we currently believe to be immaterial could affect the accuracy of any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

The Company faces risks in the normal course of business and through global, regional, and local events that could have an adverse impact on its reputation, operations, and financial performance. The Board of Directors exercises oversight of the Company’s enterprise risk management program, which includes strategic, operational and financial matters, as well as compliance and legal risks. The Audit and Finance Committee coordinates the risk oversight role exercised by the Board’s standing committees and management, and it receives updates on the risk management processes twice per year.

In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (particularly in 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

), or in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following are some important factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. If any of the events or circumstances described in any of the following risk factors occurs, our business, results of operations and/or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, and our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements we make in any public disclosures.

RISKS RELATING TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC

FACTORS

ADVERSE DEVELOPMENTS IN GENERAL BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
General economic conditions may adversely affect industrial non-durable goods production, consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, white-collar employment levels and consumer confidence, all of which impact demand for our products, or otherwise adversely affect our business. We may also be adversely affected by catastrophic or other unforeseen events, including future health epidemics or pandemics, natural disasters, 

geopolitical events, terrorism, political, financial or social instability, or civil or social unrest. Moreover, negative economic conditions or other adverse developments with respect to our business have resulted in, and may in the future result in impairment charges which could be material. Volatility or uncertainty in the financial, capital and credit markets, which impacts interest rates, currency exchange rates and the availability of credit, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and our results of operations. 

Macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. and globally continue to be challenging in various respects, including as the result of slow or negative GDP growth in recent quarters, significant inflationary pressures, elevated interest rates, challenging labor market conditions, and disruptions to supply networks.

Our operations have been adversely affected by, and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by, these negative macroeconomic conditions, including as the result of higher raw material and labor costs, supply chain constraints and disruptions, and a constrained transportation environment. Moreover, any significant deterioration in current negative macroeconomic conditions, or any recovery therefrom that is significantly slower than anticipated, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further if current negative macroeconomic conditions result in significant disruptions to capital and financial markets, our cost of borrowing, our ability to access capital on favorable terms, and our overall liquidity could be adversely affected.

CHANGES IN INTERNATIONAL CONDITIONS OR OTHER RISKS ARISING FROM CONDUCTING BUSINESS INTERNATIONALLY COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
 Our operating results and business prospects could be substantially affected by risks related to the countries outside the U.S. in which we have manufacturing facilities or sell our products. These risks, which can vary substantially by country, may include economic or political instability, geopolitical events (such as between Ukraine and Russia and/or increasing tensions between China and Taiwan), corruption, anti-American sentiment, social and ethnic unrest, the regulatory environment (including the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of legal requirements), fluctuations in the value of local currency versus the U.S. dollar, repatriating cash from foreign countries to the U.S., downturns or changes in economic conditions (including in relation to commodity inflation), adverse tax consequences or rulings, nationalization or any change in social, political or labor conditions in any of these countries 

9

Table of Contents

or regions impacting matters such as sustainability, environmental regulations and trade policies and agreements, could negatively affect our financial results. Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including governmental subsidies, tax benefits and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over us, may also adversely impact our operating results and business prospects in these countries. Likewise, disruption in existing trade agreements or increased trade friction between countries (such as in relation to the trade tensions between the U.S. and China), which can result in tariffs, could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations by restricting the free flow of goods and services across borders. 

In addition, our international operations are subject to regulation under U.S. law and other laws related to operations in foreign jurisdictions. For example, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits U.S. companies and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad, and the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Asset Control and other non-U.S. government entities maintain economic sanctions targeting various countries, persons and entities. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions and the prosecution of executives overseeing our international operations.

RISKS RELATED TO CLIMATE AND WEATHER 

WE ARE SUBJECT TO PHYSICAL, OPERATIONAL, TRANSITIONAL AND FINANCIAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE AND GLOBAL, REGIONAL AND LOCAL WEATHER CONDITIONS AS WELL AS BY LEGAL, REGULATORY, AND MARKET RESPONSES TO CLIMATE CHANGE. 
Climate change impacts, including rising temperatures and the increasing severity and/or frequency of adverse weather conditions, may result in operational impacts on our facilities, supply chain disruptions and increased raw material and other costs. These adverse weather conditions and other physical impacts which may be exacerbated as the result of climate change include floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, hailstorms, wildfires, snow, ice storms and drought. Climate change may also contribute to the decreased productivity of forests and adverse impacts on the distribution and abundance of species, the spread of disease and insect epidemics, any of which developments could adversely affect timber harvesting. The effects of climate change and global, regional and local weather conditions, including the 

resulting financial costs of compliance with legal or regulatory initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and business. 

There has been an increased focus, including from investors, the general public and U.S. and foreign governmental and nongovernmental authorities, regarding environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, including with respect to climate change, GHG emissions, packaging and waste, sustainable supply chain practices, deforestation, and land, energy and water use. This increased awareness with respect to ESG matters, including climate change, may result in more prescriptive reporting requirements with respect to ESG metrics, an increased expectation that such metrics will be voluntarily disclosed by companies such as ours, and increased pressure to make commitments, set targets, or establish goals, and take action to meet them. As the result of this increased focus and our commitment to ESG matters, we have voluntarily provided disclosure and established targets and goals with respect to various ESG matters, including climate change. For example, we have made public commitments regarding our intended reduction of carbon emissions, including our Vision 2030 Goal of reducing Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions by 35% and have received approval by SBTi of these targets as consistent with levels required to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement. Meeting these and other ESG targets and goals have increased, and may continue to increase, our capital and operational costs. There also continues to be a lack of consistency in legal and regulatory initiatives regarding climate change across jurisdictions and various governmental entities. Additionally, we may also incur additional expenses as a result of U.S. and international regulators requiring additional disclosures regarding GHG emissions. Further, there can be no assurance regarding the extent to which our climate and other ESG targets will be achieved, and the achievement of these targets is subject to various risks and uncertainties, some of which are outside our control. For example, there has been limited net change in our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from 2019 to 2021, which we believe was largely due to increased mill production over this period, along with other factors driven by COVID-19 disruption, mill operations, weather events and energy supplies.

Moreover, there is no assurance that investments made in furtherance of achieving such targets and goals will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance. If we are unable to meet these climate and other ESG targets and goals, this failure could adversely impact our reputation as well as investor, customer and other stakeholder relationships, which could adversely impact our 

10

Table of Contents

business and results of operations.

Moreover, not all of our competitors may seek to establish climate or other ESG targets and goals at a comparable level to ours, which could result in lower supply chain or operating costs for competitors.

Other climate-related business risks that we face include risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as increased prices for fuels; the introduction of a carbon tax; increased regulations; and more stringent and/or complex environmental and other permitting requirements. To the extent that climate-related business risks materialize, particularly if we are unprepared for them, we may incur unexpected costs, and our business may be materially and adversely affected.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS

THE LEVEL OF OUR INDEBTEDNESS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND IMPAIR OUR ABILITY TO OPERATE OUR BUSINESS.
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $5.6 billion of outstanding indebtedness. The level of our indebtedness could have important consequences to our financial condition, operating results and business, including the following:

•
it may limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, dividends, share repurchases, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes;

•
a portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated to payments on indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;

•
the debt service requirements of our indebtedness could make it more difficult for us to satisfy other obligations;

•
it may limit our ability to adjust to changing market conditions, including to take actions in connection with rising interest rates (such as in the current rising interest rate environment), and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt;

•
it may increase our exposure to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency as we earn profits in a variety of currencies around the 

world and our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars;

•
it may increase our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates insofar as we are compelled to refinance indebtedness at higher interest rates, which risk is heightened by the current high interest rate environment; and

•
it may increase our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business, and may make us unable to carry out capital spending that is important to our growth.

In addition, we are subject to agreements governing our indebtedness that require us to meet and maintain certain financial ratios and covenants. A significant or prolonged downturn in general business and economic conditions, or other significant adverse developments with respect to our results of operations or financial condition, may affect our ability to comply with these covenants or meet those financial ratios and tests and could require us to take action to reduce our debt or to act in a manner contrary to our current business objectives. Moreover, the restrictions associated with these financial ratios and covenants may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interest of our business and may make it difficult for us to execute our business strategy successfully or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. Additionally, despite these restrictions, we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility and otherwise increase the risks associated with our indebtedness as noted above.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR VARIABLE RATE DEBT AND THE UPCOMING TRANSITION FROM LIBOR TO SOFR. 

We have interest rate risk, primarily related to our short-term cash investments, variable rate debts, supply chain financing, short-term debt and the installment notes and loans in the Temple Inland timber monetization special purpose entities. Interest rates rose significantly during 2022 and could remain high and volatile in 2023 and beyond. Changes in interest rates impact how much we earn on our short term cash investments, the interest rate we pay on our variable rate debt and credit agreements, the cost of supply chain financing and the refinance rate of our short term debt. 

11

Table of Contents

In addition, as of December 31, 2022, $127 million of our variable rate debt continued to be priced based on the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) with the remaining $195 million of our variable rate debt priced based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”). The ICE Benchmark Administration announced that it will cease calculating and publishing all USD LIBOR tenors on June 30, 2023.

All of our variable rate debt that continues to be priced based upon LIBOR will need to either be amended, refinanced or paid off prior to the June 30, 2023 deadline, with any new variable rate debt needing to be based upon SOFR. In addition, the installment notes and some of the loans in the Temple Inland timber monetization special purpose entities are also priced based on LIBOR, and we are working to change the pricing index with respect to such notes and loan to SOFR before the June 30, 2023 deadline. SOFR is calculated differently from LIBOR and has inherent differences from LIBOR, which could give rise to risks and uncertainties, including the limited historical data and volatility in the benchmark rates. The full effects to us of the transition to SOFR remain uncertain. 

CHANGES IN CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR COST OF FINANCING AND HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR SECURITIES.
 Maintaining an investment-grade credit rating is an important element of our financial strategy, and a downgrade of the Company’s ratings below investment grade will likely eliminate our ability to access the commercial paper market, may limit our access to the capital markets, have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities, increase our cost of borrowing and require us to post collateral for derivatives in a net liability position. Our desire to maintain the Company's investment grade rating may cause us to take certain actions designed to improve our cash flow, including sale of assets, suspension or reduction of our dividend and reductions in capital expenditures and working capital.

Under the terms of the agreements governing approximately $539 million of our debt as of December 31, 2022, the applicable interest rate on such debt may increase upon each downgrade in our credit rating below investment grade. As a result, a downgrade in our credit rating below investment grade may lead to an increase in our interest expense. There can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if, in each rating agency’s judgment, 

circumstances so warrant. Any such downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of borrowing, limit our access to the capital markets or result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that we may incur.

DOWNGRADES IN THE CREDIT RATINGS OF BANKS ISSUING CERTAIN LETTERS OF CREDIT WILL INCREASE OUR COST OF MAINTAINING CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS AND MAY RESULT IN THE ACCELERATION OF DEFERRED TAXES.
 We are subject to the risk that a bank with currently issued irrevocable letters of credit supporting installment notes in connection with Temple-Inland's 2007 sales of forestlands, may be downgraded below a required rating. Prior to 2013, certain banks had fallen below the required ratings threshold and were successfully replaced, or waivers were obtained regarding their replacement. As a result of continuing uncertainty in the banking environment, some of the letter-of-credit banks currently in place remain subject to risk of downgrade and the number of qualified replacement banks remains limited. The downgrade of one or more of these banks may subject us to additional costs of securing a replacement letter-of-credit bank or could result in an acceleration of payments of up to $485 million in deferred income taxes if replacement banks cannot be obtained. The deferred taxes are currently recorded in our consolidated financial statements. See 
Note 15, Variable Interest Entities

, on pages 75 and 76, and 
Note 13. Income Taxes

, on pages 69 through 71, in 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 for further information.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR PENSION AND HEALTHCARE COSTS

OUR PENSION AND HEALTH CARE COSTS ARE SUBJECT TO NUMEROUS FACTORS WHICH COULD CAUSE THESE COSTS TO CHANGE.
 We have defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all U.S. salaried employees hired prior to July 1, 2004 (or later for certain acquired populations, as described in 
Note 19. Retirement Plans

, on pages 81 through 87, in 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

) and substantially all hourly union and non-union employees regardless of hire date. We froze participation under these plans for U.S. salaried employees, including credited service and compensation on or after January 1, 2019; however, the pension freeze does not affect benefits accrued through December 31, 2018. We provide retiree health care benefits to certain former U.S. employees, as well as financial assistance towards the cost of individual retiree medical coverage for certain former U.S. salaried employees. Our pension costs are dependent upon numerous factors resulting 

12

Table of Contents

from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Pension plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual market returns on plan assets, changes in general interest rates and changes in the number of retirees may impact pension costs in future periods. Likewise, changes in assumptions regarding current discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets could increase pension costs. However, the impact of market fluctuations has been reduced as a result of investments in our pension plan asset portfolio which hedge the impact of changes in interest rates on the plan’s funded status. Drivers for fluctuating health costs include unit cost changes, health care utilization by participants, and potential changes in legal requirements and government oversight.

OUR U.S. FUNDED PENSION PLANS ARE CURRENTLY FULLY FUNDED ON A PROJECTED BENEFIT OBLIGATION BASIS; HOWEVER, THE POSSIBILITY EXISTS THAT OVER TIME WE MAY BE REQUIRED TO MAKE CASH PAYMENTS TO THE PLANS, REDUCING THE CASH AVAILABLE FOR OUR BUSINESS.
 We record an asset or a liability associated with our pension plans equal to the surplus of the fair value of plan assets above the benefit obligation or the excess of the benefit obligation over the fair value of plan assets. At December 31, 2022, we had an overfunded pension asset balance. The benefit surplus recorded under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 715, “Compensation – Retirement Benefits,” at December 31, 2022 was $29 million. The amount and timing of future contributions, which could be material, will depend upon a number of factors, including the actual earnings and changes in values of plan assets and changes in interest rates. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC

THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC HAS HAD AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON PORTIONS OF OUR BUSINESS, AND COULD HAVE MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECTS ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND CASH FLOWS IF PUBLIC HEALTH CONDITIONS ASSOCIATED WITH COVID-19 SIGNIFICANTLY DETERIORATE. 

COVID-19 has continued to result in a large number of hospitalizations and deaths in the U.S. and throughout the world, although the macroeconomic impact of the pandemic has decreased in comparison to the impact experienced earlier in the pandemic. The pandemic has had an adverse effect on portions of our business to varying degrees, including as the result of lower demand for certain of our products, supply chain and labor disruptions, and higher costs, 

and could continue to have adverse effects on our business depending on the future course of the pandemic. Moreover, the pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition if public health conditions significantly deteriorate. The ongoing impact of the pandemic on us will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments, which are highly uncertain, including (a) the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, including the potential spread of more contagious and/or virulent forms of the virus; (b) governmental and public health directives and/or actions taken by our customers, vendors and other private businesses in connection with the pandemic; (c) the availability, acceptance, effectiveness and administration of medical treatments, vaccines and booster shots for COVID-19; and (d) the extent and duration of the pandemic’s impact on economic conditions and social activity. 

RISKS RELATING TO INDUSTRY CONDITIONS

CHANGES IN THE COST OR AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS, ENERGY AND TRANSPORTATION HAVE RECENTLY AFFECTED, AND COULD CONTINUE TO AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY. 
We rely heavily on the use of certain raw materials (principally virgin wood fiber, recycled fiber, caustic soda, starch and adhesives), energy sources (principally biomass, natural gas, electricity and fuel oil) and third-party companies that transport our goods. The market price of virgin wood fiber varies based upon availability and source. The global supply and demand for recycled fiber may be affected by factors such as trade policies between countries, individual governments' legislation and regulations, and general macroeconomic conditions. In addition, the increase in demand of products manufactured, in whole or in part, from recycled fiber, on a global basis, may cause significant fluctuations in recycled fiber prices. Taking into account ongoing inflationary conditions in the U.S. and globally, we have recently experienced, and expect to continue to experience, a significant increase in various costs, including recycled fiber, energy, freight, chemical, and other supply chain costs, which has adversely affected and is expected to continue to adversely affect our results of operations. Energy prices, in particular prices for oil and natural gas, have fluctuated dramatically in the past and have recently increased (including as the result of the current energy crisis in Europe associated with the Russia-Ukraine conflict), and may continue to increase and/or fluctuate in the future. Moreover, the availability of labor and the market price for fuel may affect our costs for third-party transportation.

In addition, because our businesses operate in highly competitive 

13

Table of Contents

industry segments, we may not be able to recoup past or future increases in the costs of any raw materials, energy sources or transportation sources through price increases to our customers.

Our profitability has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials, energy sources and transportation sources.

FLUCTUATIONS IN THE PRICES OF AND THE DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS DUE TO FACTORS SUCH AS ECONOMIC CYCLICALITY AND CHANGES IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES COULD MATERIALLY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND CASH FLOWS
. Substantially all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry capacity and general economic conditions. The length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by product. In addition, changes in consumer preferences may increase or decrease the demand for our fiber-based products and non-fiber substitutes. Moreover, consumer preferences are constantly changing based on, among other factors, cost, convenience and health concerns and perceptions and an increased awareness of ESG considerations. These consumer preferences may affect the prices of our products. Consequently, our financial results are sensitive to changes in the pricing and demand for our products. In addition, our results may be adversely affected if we fail to anticipate trends that would enable us to offer products that respond to changing customer preferences and technological and regulatory developments.

COMPETITION IN THE U.S. AND INTERNATIONALLY COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.
 We operate in a competitive environment, both in the U.S. and internationally, in all of our operating segments. Our products compete with similar products produced by other forest products companies. Product innovations, manufacturing and operating efficiencies, additional manufacturing capacity, marketing, distribution and pricing strategies pursued or achieved by competitors, and the entry of new competitors in to the markets we serve could negatively impact our financial results. In addition, our products also compete, in some instances, with companies in other industries that produce substitutes for wood-fiber products, such as plastics and various types of metal, and customer shifts away from wood-fiber products toward such substitute products may adversely affect our business. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR OPERATIONS

MATERIAL DISRUPTIONS AT ONE OF OUR MANUFACTURING FACILITIES COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.

We operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities. A material disruption at our corporate headquarters or one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial condition. Any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:

•
adverse weather events like fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, winter storms and extreme cold, or other catastrophes (including adverse weather conditions that may be intensified by climate change);

•
the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply;

•
disruption in the supply of raw materials or other manufacturing inputs;

•
terrorism or threats of terrorism;

•
information system disruptions or failures due to any number of causes, including cyber-attacks;

•
domestic and international laws and regulations applicable to us and our business partners, including joint venture partners, around the world;

•
unscheduled maintenance outages;

•
prolonged power failures;

•
an equipment failure;

•
a chemical spill or release;

•
explosion of a boiler or other equipment;

•
damage or disruptions caused by third parties operating on or adjacent to one of our manufacturing facilities;

•
disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels;

14

Table of Contents

•
a widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, such as the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, or any other public health crisis;

•
failure of our third-party service providers and business partners to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities in a timely manner and in accordance with agreed upon terms;

•
labor difficulties; and

•
other operational problems.

Any such downtime or facility damage could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products and/or require us to make unplanned expenditures. If one of our machines or facilities were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and having a negative effect on our business and financial results.

CERTAIN OPERATIONS ARE CONDUCTED BY JOINT VENTURES THAT WE CANNOT OPERATE SOLELY FOR OUR BENEFIT.
 We have a 50% equity interest in Ilim S.A., whose primary operations are in Russia. We recently announced our entry into an agreement to sell this equity interest. In joint ventures, such as the Ilim joint venture, we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may or may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do. In general, joint ventures are intended to be operated for the benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. Operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions. In joint ventures, we are required to pay more attention to our relationship with our co-owners as well as with the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes, our relationship may be adversely affected. In addition, the benefits from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, so we receive only our portion of those benefits. 

OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND BUSINESSES, INCLUDING OUR ILIM JOINT VENTURE, HAVE BEEN, AND MAY CONTINUE TO BE, ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY THE CURRENT MILITARY CONFLICT BETWEEN RUSSIA AND UKRAINE, INCLUDING ONGOING OR FUTURE SANCTIONS AND EXPORT CONTROLS TARGETING RUSSIA AND OTHER RESPONSES TO RUSSIA'S INVASION OF UKRAINE. 
The global economy has been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted 

by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. As a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the U.S., the United Kingdom, the European Union and other G7 countries, among other countries, have imposed coordinated financial and economic sanctions and export control measures on many industry sectors and parties in Russia. The negative impacts arising from the conflict and these sanctions and export control measures as well as sanctions and other actions taken by Russia have included and may continue to include reduced consumer demand, supply chain disruptions and increased costs for transportation, raw materials and energy, including recent energy increases which have been particularly acute in Europe. We continue to carefully monitor the conflict and the potential impact of financial and economic sanctions and export control measures on the regional and global economy.

We have a 50% equity interest in Ilim, the parent company of Ilim Group, whose primary operations are in Russia. Specifically, Ilim Group’s facilities include three paper mills located in Bratsk, Ust-Ilimsk, and Koryazhma, Russia, with combined total pulp and paper capacity of over 3.6 million metric tons. In joint ventures, such as the Ilim joint venture, we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may or may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do. Ilim, and its directors and employees are not specially designated nationals or blocked persons or otherwise specifically identified in sanctions or export control measures issued by the U.S. or other countries.

The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including ongoing sanctions, actions by the Russian government, and associated domestic and global economic and geopolitical conditions, has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our Ilim joint venture and our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In January 2023, we announced our entry into a definitive agreement to sell our equity interest in Ilim; however, we cannot be certain if or when the completion of this sale may occur. Our ability to complete this sale is subject to various risks, including (i) purchasers’ inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to finance the purchase pursuant to the terms of the agreement, (ii) adverse actions by the Russian government, and (iii) new or expanded sanctions imposed by the U.S., the United Kingdom, or the European Union or its member countries. We are unable to predict the full impact that Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, current or potential future sanctions or export control measures, ongoing or potential disruptions resulting from the conflict, the changing regulatory environment in Russia, negative macroeconomic conditions arising from such conflict, supply chain disruptions, and/or geopolitical instability 

15

Table of Contents

and shifts, may have on us or our ability to complete the sale of our interest in the Ilim joint venture. In addition, any escalation of the current conflict, including as a result of the use of tactical nuclear weapons by Russia or the expansion of the conflict to neighboring countries, could result in additional economic disruptions, capital market volatility, and significant geopolitical instability. In addition, developments with respect to the Russia-Ukraine conflict could heighten many of our known risks described elsewhere in this Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on global business and economic conditions, including volatility and increases in the price and demand of oil, natural gas and other energy products and inflation, demand for our products, increased cybersecurity risks, adverse changes in trade policies, taxes, government regulations, or our ability to implement and execute our business strategy including with respect to joint ventures, divestitures, spin-offs, capital investments and other corporate transactions that we have pursued or may pursue, disruptions in global supply chains, risks related to employees and contracts in the affected regions, our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and potential nationalizations and asset seizures in Russia, constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets and our sources of liquidity, and our potential inability to service our remaining performance obligations and potential contractual breaches and litigations. Additionally, fluctuations in the value of the Russian ruble versus the U.S. dollar impacts our investment carrying value as well as financial results based on translation of ruble-denominated results into U.S. dollars and the re-measurement impact associated with non-functional currency financial assets and liabilities. 

In particular, our investments in Ilim involve certain legal, geopolitical, investment, repatriation, and transparency risks as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine including: (i) the legal framework of Russia continues to evolve and it is not possible to accurately predict the content or implications of changes in their statutes or regulations; and there has been a number of legislative proposals that, if adopted, could result in nationalization, expropriation, onerous or disadvantageous exit terms or other unfavorable regulations and could be introduced or enacted at any time without prior warning or consultation; (ii) current and future statutes and regulations may be unfairly or unevenly enforced, the courts may decline to enforce legal protections covering our investments altogether and/or the cost and difficulties of litigation in Russia may make enforcement of our rights impractical or impossible; (iii) the risk we may inadvertently violate sanctions or export control measures that may be imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments, including Russia, given 

the complexity and fluidity of the situation; (iv) financial and economic sanctions and export control measures imposed on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia as well as counter-sanctions measures implemented by Russia could lead to further disruptions in supply chains and adversely affect operations in Russia; (v) increased risks of economic, political, or social instability, escalating military conflicts with Ukraine or new conflicts with any other countries, war, or terrorism, which could adversely affect the economy of Russia or lead to a material adverse change in the value of our investments in Russia; and (vi) disclosure, accounting, and financial standards and requirements in Russia may evolve and it is not possible to accurately predict the content or implications of changes in their disclosure requirements.

WE MAY NOT ACHIEVE THE EXPECTED BENEFITS FROM STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS, JOINT VENTURES, DIVESTITURES, SPIN-OFFS, CAPITAL INVESTMENTS AND OTHER CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS THAT WE HAVE PURSUED OR MAY PURSUE. 
 Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accomplish prudent acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, spin-offs, capital investments and other corporate transactions that we may pursue and to realize the benefits we expect from such transactions. We are subject to the risk that we may not achieve the expected benefits from such transactions. This failure could require us to record an impairment charge for goodwill or other intangible assets, which could lead to decreased assets and reduced net earnings. Among the benefits we expect from potential as well as completed acquisitions and joint ventures are synergies, cost savings, growth opportunities and access to new markets (or a combination thereof), and in the case of divestitures, the realization of proceeds from the sale of businesses and assets to purchasers who place higher strategic value on such businesses and assets than we do. 

Corporate transactions of this nature that we may pursue involve a number of special risks, including with respect to our inability to realize our business goals with to such transactions as noted above, the focus of our management’s attention on these transactions and the assimilation of acquired businesses into our operations, the demands on our financial, operational and information technology systems resulting from acquired businesses, and the possibility that we may become responsible for substantial contingent or unanticipated legal liabilities as the result of acquisitions or other corporate transactions.

16

Table of Contents

We believe that the spin-off of Sylvamo Corporation allows us and Sylvamo Corporation to pursue distinct strategies appropriate to our respective markets. However, there can be no assurance that we will realize any or all of the expected strategic, financial, operational or other benefits of the spin-off. A failure to realize expected benefits of the spin-off could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We cannot guarantee that Sylvamo Corporation will be successful as a standalone entity. In the event that Sylvamo Corporation is not successful, it is possible that plaintiffs could assert a variety of claims against us. Depending on their nature and number, such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

WE COULD BE EXPOSED TO CLAIMS FROM SYLVAMO CORPORATION UNDER OUR AGREEMENTS WITH SYLVAMO CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE. 
We previously entered into agreements with Sylvamo Corporation and its subsidiaries, including among others a separation and distribution agreement, registration rights agreement, transition services agreement, tax matters agreement, supply and offtake agreements, intellectual property agreements and other commercial arrangements in connection with the spin-off. Our agreements with Sylvamo Corporation or its subsidiaries may not reflect terms that would have resulted from negotiations between unaffiliated parties and, in certain instances, may relate to the continuation of certain business arrangements among us and Sylvamo Corporation in existence prior to the spin-off. Such agreements include, among other things, the parties’ respective indemnification rights and obligations with respect to certain losses relating to specified liabilities as well as certain losses relating to specified information included in certain securities filings, the allocations of assets and liabilities, payment obligations and other obligations between us and Sylvamo Corporation. There can be no assurance that any remedies available under these arrangements will be sufficient to compensate us in the event of a dispute or non-performance. In addition, there can be no assurance that the attention we must pay, and resources we must devote, to our obligations under one or more of these agreements, or the results of any failure to perform those obligations, or successful claim by Sylvamo Corporation that we have failed to perform those obligations or have an indemnification obligation under these agreements, will not have a material impact on our own business performance, results of operations or financial condition.

We will rely on Sylvamo Corporation to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements entered into in connection with the spin-off. If Sylvamo Corporation fails to satisfy such obligations, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, under the tax matters agreement, we could have significant payment obligations in connection with certain Brazilian tax matters. Under this agreement, we have agreed to pay 60% of the first $300 million of any liability resulting from the resolution of these Brazilian tax matters (with Sylvamo paying the remaining 40% of any such liability) and 100% of any liability resulting from the Brazilian tax matters over $300 million. The assessments for the tax years 2007 - 2015 currently total approximately $111 million in tax and $361 million in interest, penalties and fees as of December 31, 2022 (adjusted for variation in currency exchange rates). See 
Note 14 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

 on pages 71 through 75 of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information

.

WE OPERATE IN A CHALLENGING MARKET FOR TALENT AND MAY FAIL TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, INCLUDING KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL.
 Our ability to operate and grow our business depends on our ability to attract and retain employees with the skills necessary to operate and maintain our facilities, produce our products and serve our customers. The market for both hourly workers and salaried workers has been, and remains, very competitive, particularly for employees with specialized technical and trade experience. For example, due to labor market constraints, we have recently had to increase overtime while we try to hire additional regular employees. This, along with the current competitive labor market and ongoing inflationary conditions, has led to higher labor costs, particularly at our converting facilities. Moreover, despite our focused efforts to attract and retain employees, including by offering higher levels of compensation in certain instances, we experienced attrition rates within our workforce (particularly those early in their career) in the past two years that exceeded historical levels. In addition, we rely on key executive and management personnel to manage our business efficiently and effectively. The loss of key executive and management employees, particularly in a challenging market for attracting and retaining employees, could adversely affect our business.

Moreover, changing demographics and labor work force trends, including remote work and work-life balance expectations for many individuals arising 

17

Table of Contents

from the COVID-19 pandemic, may make it difficult for us to replace retiring or departing employees. If we fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, or if we continue to experience excessive turnover, we may continue to experience higher labor costs and labor shortages, and our business may be adversely impacted. 

In addition, a significant number of our employees are represented by unions. We may not be able to successfully negotiate new union contracts once our current contracts with unions expire without work stoppages or labor difficulties, or we may be unable to renegotiate such contracts on favorable terms. Negotiations between the company and USW regarding the mill master collective bargaining agreement (which expires August 2023) and related mill joint pension counsel master agreement (which expires September 2023) are scheduled to begin on February 19, 2023. USW represents approximately 6,000 employees at the mills. We have also experienced work stoppages in the past and may experience them in the future. Moreover, labor organizations may attempt to organize groups of additional employees from time to time, and potential changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so. If we experience any extended interruption of operations at any of our facilities as a result of strikes or other work stoppages or if unions are able to organize additional groups of our employees, our operating costs increase and our operational flexibility could be reduced.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO CYBERSECURITY AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RISKS RELATED TO BREACHES OF SECURITY PERTAINING TO SENSITIVE COMPANY, CUSTOMER, EMPLOYEE AND VENDOR INFORMATION AS WELL AS BREACHES IN THE TECHNOLOGY USED TO MANAGE OPERATIONS AND OTHER BUSINESS PROCESSES. 
Our business operations rely upon securely managed information technology systems, some of which are provided or managed by third parties, for data capture, processing, storage and reporting. We have invested in information technology security initiatives and information technology risk management, as well as incident response, business continuity and disaster recovery plans but we cannot eliminate all systematic risk. The development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring, testing and updating as technologies and processes change, and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Additionally, the regulatory environment surrounding information security data privacy and data protection is becoming increasingly restrictive and is evolving frequently.

The current cyber threat environment presents increased risk for all companies, including those in our industry. Like other global companies, our systems are subject to recurring attempts by third parties to access information, manipulate data or disrupt our operations, and we have experienced cyber threats and incidents, although none have been material or had a material adverse effect on our business. Despite careful security and controls design, implementation, updating and independent third party verification, our information technology systems, and those of our third-party providers or joint venture partners, could become subject to employee error or malfeasance, cyber-attacks, such as ransomware and data theft, by common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations or social activist ("hacktivist") organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks or other catastrophic events. Moreover, hardware, software or applications we use may have inherent vulnerabilities or defects of design, manufacture or operations or could be inadvertently or intentionally implemented or used in a manner that could compromise information security. In addition, the cybersecurity-related threats that we face may remain undetected for an extended period of time. Network, system, application and data breaches, and other cybersecurity incidents, could result in operational disruptions, data loss or manipulation, or information misappropriation including, but not limited to, interruption to systems availability, denial of access to and misuse of applications required by our customers to conduct business with us. Access to applications required to plan our operations, source materials, manufacture and ship finished goods and account for orders could be denied or misused. Theft of intellectual property or trade secrets, and loss or inappropriate disclosure of confidential company, employee, customer or vendor information, could stem from such incidents. While we have significant security processes and initiatives in place, we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach or disruption. Any significant cybersecurity incident or operational disruptions and/or misappropriation of information could result in lost sales, business delays, negative publicity, cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to address such events and related security concerns which may include costs to recover data and institute additional controls to prevent future similar incidents and have a material effect on our business. Additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in connection with such incidents.

18

Table of Contents

RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE COSTS

WE ARE SUBJECT TO A WIDE VARIETY OF LAWS, REGULATIONS AND OTHER GOVERNMENT REQUIREMENTS THAT MAY CHANGE IN SIGNIFICANT WAYS, AND THE COST OF COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS COULD IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
 Our operations are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and other government requirements -- including, among others, those relating to the environment, health and safety, labor and employment, data privacy, tax, trade and health care. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and government requirements will not be changed, applied or interpreted in ways that will require us to modify our operations and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, or subjecting us to increased costs.

For example, as part of our business, we are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws governing the protection of the environment. We have incurred significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations. In addition, new environmental laws, regulations or other requirements, including with respect to GHG emissions or climate change, may cause us to incur increased and unexpected compliance costs. Moreover, there has historically been, and may continue to be, a lack of consistency between jurisdictions regarding legal requirements with respect to climate and GHG emission matters, which has created and may continue to create economic and regulatory uncertainty. Our environmental expenditures include, among other areas, those related to air and water quality, waste disposal and the cleanup of contaminated soil and groundwater, including situations where we have been identified as a potentially responsible party. Moreover, we may be directly impacted by, and are working to manage, the risks and costs to us, our customers and our vendors of the effects of climate change, GHGs, and the availability of energy and water resources. These risks include the potentially adverse impact on forestlands, which are a key resource in the production of our products, increased product costs and a change in the types of products that customers purchase. There can be no assurance that future remediation requirements and compliance with existing and new laws and requirements will not require significant expenditures, or that existing reserves for specific matters will be adequate to cover future costs. We could also incur substantial fines or sanctions, enforcement actions (including orders 

limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures), natural resource damages claims, cleanup and closure costs, third-party claims for property damage and personal injury and reputational harm as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws, regulations, codes and common law. The amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and, in some cases, liability may be imposed without regard to contribution or to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of hazardous substances.

Our global operations subject us to complex and evolving U.S and international data privacy laws and regulations, such as European’s Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) as amended, and China’s Personal Information Protection Law (“PIPL”) which came into effect as of November 1, 2021. These laws require the Company to comply with a range of compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data. There are significant penalties for non-compliance including monetary fines, disruption of operations and reputational harm. Moreover, other states and governmental authorities around the world have introduced or passed, or are considering, similar legislation which may impose varying standards and requirements on our data collection, use and processing activities.

This increasingly restrictive and evolving regulatory environment at the international, federal and state level related to data privacy and data protection may continue to require changes to our business practices and give rise to significantly expanded compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. Moreover, many of these laws and regulations are subject to uncertain application, interpretation or enforcement standards that could result in claims, changes to our business practices, data processing and security systems, penalties, increased operating costs or other impacts on our businesses. These laws often provide for civil penalties for violations, as well as private rights of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. We proactively use internal and external resources to monitor compliance with relevant legislation and continually evaluates and, where necessary, modifies its data processing practices and policies in order to comply with evolving privacy laws. Nevertheless, relevant regulatory authorities could determine that our data handling practices fail to address all the requirements of certain new laws, which could subject us to penalties and/or litigation. In addition, there is no assurance that our security controls over personal data, the training of employees and vendors on data privacy and data security, and the policies, procedures and practices we implemented or may implement in the 

19

Table of Contents

future will prevent the improper handling of, disclosure of or access to personal data. Improper handling and disclosure of or access to personal data in violation of the GDPR, PIPL, the CCPA and/or of other data privacy and protection laws could harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to government enforcement actions (including fines), or result in private litigation against us, which could result in loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, all of which could negatively affect our business and operating results.

We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions, and changes in laws, regulation or interpretation of existing laws and regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we are subject to taxation, could increase our taxes and have an adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, the application of tax law is subject to interpretation and is subject to audit by taxing authorities. Additionally, administrative guidance can be incomplete or vary from legislative intent, and therefore the application of the tax law is uncertain. While we believe the positions reported by the Company comply with relevant tax laws and regulations, taxing authorities could interpret our application of certain laws and regulations differently. 

We are currently subject to tax audits in the U.S. and other taxing jurisdictions around the world. In some cases, we have appealed and may continue to appeal, assessments by taxing authorities in the court system. As such, tax controversy matters may result in previously unrecorded tax expenses, accelerated cash tax payments, higher future tax expenses, or the assessment of interest and penalties. 

RESULTS OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON OUR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS. 
We are a party to various legal, regulatory and governmental proceedings and other related matters, including with respect to environmental matters. In addition, we are and may become subject to other loss contingencies, both known and unknown, which may relate to past, present and future facts, events, circumstances and occurrences. Should an unfavorable outcome occur in connection with our legal, regulatory or governmental proceedings or other loss contingencies, or if we become subject to any such loss contingencies in the future, there could be a material adverse impact on our financial results. See 
Note 14 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

 on pages 71 through 75 of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 for further information. 

IF THE SPIN-OFF OF SYLVAMO CORPORATION WERE TO FAIL TO QUALIFY FOR NON-RECOGNITION TREATMENT FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES, THEN INTERNATIONAL PAPER AND OUR SHAREHOLDERS MAY BE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXES. 
 The Company received an opinion of tax counsel

and a private letter ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) regarding the qualification of the spin-off of

Sylvamo Corporation and certain related transactions as a transaction that is generally tax-free to Sylvamo Corporation, the Company and the shareholders of the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A tax opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. In addition, the Company’s tax counsel and the IRS relied on certain representations and covenants delivered by the Company and Sylvamo Corporation in rendering such opinion and private letter ruling. If any of the representations or covenants relied upon for the tax opinion or private letter ruling become inaccurate, incomplete or not complied with by the Company, Sylvamo Corporation or any of their respective subsidiaries, the tax opinion may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. 

If the IRS ultimately determines that the spin-off is taxable, then the spin-off could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain to the Company’s shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the Company could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities.

These income tax liabilities may be indemnifiable by Sylvamo Corporation pursuant to a tax matters agreement between the Company and Sylvamo.

However, there can be no assurance that Sylvamo would have the resources or liquidity required to indemnify the Company for any such tax liability.

Even if the spin-off otherwise qualifies for non-recognition of gain or loss under Section 355 of the Code, the spin-off may be taxable to the Company (but not the shareholders of the Company) pursuant to Section 355(e) of the Code if there is a 50% or more (by vote or value) change in ownership of either the Company or Sylvamo Corporation, directly or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the spin-off. For this purpose, any acquisitions of the Company’s or Sylvamo Corporation’s common stock within two years before or after the

spin-off are presumed to be part of such a plan, although the Company or Sylvamo Corporation may be able to rebut that presumption based on either applicable facts and circumstances or a “safe harbor” described in the U.S. tax regulations.

20

Table of Contents