In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K (particularly in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations), or in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following are some important
factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. 

RISKS RELATING TO INDUSTRY
CONDITIONS 

CHANGES IN THE COST OR AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS AND ENERGY

. We rely heavily on certain raw materials (principally wood fiber, caustic soda and polyethylene) and energy sources (principally natural gas, coal and fuel oil) in our manufacturing process. Our ability to increase earnings
has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials and energy sources. We may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw material or energy costs through hedging arrangements, price
increases, and productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. 

CHANGES IN TRANSPORTATION
AVAILABILITY OR COSTS

. Our business depends on the transportation of a large number of products, both domestically and internationally. In the United States, an increase in transportation rates or fuel
surcharges could adversely affect our earnings, and/or a reduction in transport availability in truck and rail could negatively impact our ability to provide products to our customers in a timely manner. While we have benefited from supply-chain
initiatives that reduce usage and improve transportation availability, there is no assurance that such availability can continue to be effectively managed in the future. 

COMPETITION

. We face intense competition, both domestically and internationally, for our products in all of our operating segments.
Because our outlook depends on a forecast of our share of industry sales, an unexpected reduction in that share due to pricing or product strategies pursued by competitors could negatively impact our revenues and financial results. 

PRODUCT MIX

. Our results may be affected by a change in the
Company’s sales mix. Our outlook assumes a certain volume mix of sales as well as a product mix of sales. If actual results vary from this projected volume and product mix of sales, our operations and our financial results could be negatively
impacted. 

PRICING

. Our outlook assumes that we will be successful in implementing
previously announced price increases as well as other price increases that we may in the future deem necessary and/or appropriate. Delays in the realization of these price increases would negatively impact our results. Moreover, price discounting,
if required to maintain our competitive position and our share of industry sales, could result in lower than anticipated price realizations. 

DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS

. Demand for our products is affected by general economic conditions in North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia.
Changes in industrial non-durable goods production, consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, white-collar employment levels, interest rates and currency exchange rates may adversely affect our businesses and our financial
results. 

RISKS RELATING TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 

CHANGES IN CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS

. Maintaining an investment grade credit rating for our
long-term debt continues to be an important element in our overall financial strategy. Our debt ratings are, from time to time, reviewed by the rating organizations and remain subject to change, and a downgrade in rating of our debt could increase
our interest cost and negatively affect our earnings. 

PENSION AND HEALTH CARE
COSTS

. Our pension and health care costs are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Pension plan assets are primarily made up of equity and
fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual equity market returns as well as changes in general interest rates may result in increased or decreased pension costs in future periods. Likewise, changes in assumptions regarding current discount
rates and expected rates of return on plan assets could also increase or decrease pension costs. 

NATURAL DISASTERS

. The occurrence of a natural disaster, such as a hurricane, tropical storm, earthquake, tornado, flooding or other unanticipated problems, could cause operational
disruptions which could impair our profitability. 

CHANGES IN INTERNATIONAL
CONDITIONS

. Our results could be substantially affected by foreign market risks in the countries in which we have 

6 

manufacturing facilities or sell our products. Specifically, Brazil, Russia, Poland and China, where substantial manufacturing facilities exist, are countries that are
exposed to economic and political instability in their respective regions of the world. Downturns in economic activity, adverse foreign tax consequences or any change in social, political or labor conditions in any of these countries or regions
could negatively affect our financial results. 

CHANGES IN CURRENCY EXCHANGE
RATES

. We are impacted by the movement of various currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. From time to time, we may hedge a portion of the risk from our transactions and commitments denominated in non-U.S.
dollar currencies when we deem it appropriate to do so. There can, however, be no assurance that we will be able to fully protect ourselves against substantial foreign currency fluctuations. 

RISKS RELATING TO THE COMPANY’S TRANSFORMATION PLAN 

THE ABILITY TO SUCCESSFULLY EXECUTE SALES TRANSACTIONS CURRENTLY UNDER CONTRACT

. The Company’s ability to successfully execute sales transactions under contract
(including contracts executed pursuant to the Transformation Plan) and to realize the anticipated sales proceeds is dependent upon many factors, including the ability to successfully consummate the transactions without a purchase price adjustment,
the successful fulfillment (or waiver) of all conditions set forth in the sales agreements, and the successful closing of the transactions within the estimated timeframes. 

THE ABILITY TO INVEST PROCEEDS WITH ATTRACTIVE FINANCIAL RETURNS

. The Company will selectively seek attractive
investment opportunities for a portion of the proceeds from divestitures. The Company may be unable to identify and negotiate acceptable investments with attractive returns. 

ABILITY TO REALIZE ANTICIPATED PROFIT IMPROVEMENT FROM THE TRANSFORMATION PLAN

. The profitability of the
Company’s two platform businesses, uncoated papers (including distribution) and packaging, is subject to variable demand and the Company’s ability to execute internal profit improvement initiatives, including ongoing manufacturing, supply
chain and overhead cost reduction initiatives, as well as volume/mix improvements. There can be no assurance that profit improvements will be achieved. 

 RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE COSTS 

UNANTICIPATED EXPENDITURES RELATED TO THE COST OF
COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS

. Our operations are subject to significant regulation by federal, state and local environmental and safety authorities, both domestically and
internationally. There can be no assurance that the costs of compliance with existing and new regulations will not require significant capital expenditures, or that existing reserves for specific matters will, if regulations change, be adequate to
cover future unanticipated costs. 

RESULTS OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

. The costs and other effects of pending litigation against the Company cannot be determined with certainty. Although the disclosure in Item 3. Legal Proceedings contains management’s current views of the impact such
litigation will have on our financial results, there can be no assurance that the outcome of such proceedings will be as expected. 

This
discussion of uncertainties is by no means exhaustive, but is designed to highlight important factors that may impact our outlook. Obvious general economic factors throughout the world (such as inflation, a sudden drop in consumer or business
confidence, or an unexpected collapse in stock markets) do not warrant further discussion, but are noted to further emphasize the many contingencies that may cause our actual results to differ from those currently anticipated.