– 
WE OPERATE IN A CHALLENGING MARKET FOR TALENT AND MAY FAIL TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, INCLUDING KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

We view compensation and benefits as part of how we attract, engage and retain our talented workforce. We do so by rewarding performance while ensuring competitive compensation in our local markets around the world. We continually evaluate our compensation and benefits so that we offer optimal compensation programs and remain a leading employer of choice in the areas in which we operate. 

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

In 2023, we added Include and Engage as a new core value because we believe in an inclusive workforce, where employees of diverse backgrounds and perspectives are represented, engaged and empowered to contribute innovative ideas, influence decisions, and bring their authentic selves to work. While this core value is new, our efforts around diversity and inclusion have been in place for more than 20 years. Looking forward to projected workforce demographic changes over the next decade, and guided by our commitment to equal employment opportunity for all, our stated Vision 2030 goal is to achieve 30% overall representation of women and 50% women in salaried positions, 30% racial and ethnic minority representation in U.S. salaried positions, and to implement regional diversity plans in non-U.S. locations. To foster a more diverse and inclusive culture, the Company is focused on promoting a culture of diversity and inclusion that leverages the talents of all employees, and implementing practices that attract, recruit and retain a broad diversity of talent. 

Our Global Diversity and Inclusion Council, comprised of senior leaders in the Company, is committed to creating and promoting a culture of inclusion, collaboration, engagement, equity and diversity. The Company supports enterprise-wide employee-led networking circles (“ENCs”) that are open to all employees and provide a forum to communicate and exchange ideas, build a network of relationships across the Company, and pursue personal and professional development, such as the Women in International Paper ("WIP") ENC, Black Employee Networking Circle ("BEN"), LGBTQ+ & Allies ENC ("IPride") and a Veterans ENC ("iVets"). Each ENC is sponsored by Company leaders and aligned with our core values and business objectives. Through annual initiatives, ENCs offer development opportunities, encourage cross-collaboration and connection with individuals throughout the Company, and engage allies. Some facilities and functions also have their own ENCs. 

In 2023 our ENCs executed on 30 initiatives aimed at strengthening our diversity and inclusion culture. As examples of our efforts, in 2023, IPride hosted a workshop, “Pride 101,” where speakers educated attendees on topics such as history of the LGBTQ+ movement, and offered guidance to allies on how to support LGBTQ+ colleagues. Similarly, BEN sponsored a Juneteenth event, iVets partnered with our Community Engagement team to sponsor Wreaths Across America, and WIP worked with our 

3

Table of Contents

communications team to recognize women working in our facilities. We also recognize Diversity & Inclusion awareness months, conduct training and host D&I workshops and team-level courses which further our diversity and inclusion goals. 

We have also developed a Diversity Acquisition Framework for U.S. colleges and universities to guide our enterprise diversity and inclusion efforts as we strive to hire the best talent by accessing all the available talent using broad recruiting parameters through inclusive and legally compliant employment practices. 

The make-up of our Board of Directors and Senior Leadership Team ("SLT") reflects our efforts to seek qualified board candidates with diverse backgrounds and perspectives including, but not limited to, such factors as race, ethnicity and gender. 

At December 31, 2023, the composition of our Board of Directors, as noted below, reflects those efforts and the importance of diversity: 

•
27% women, 27% ethnically diverse, 18% African-American and

•
75% of the Board of Director’s standing committees are chaired by women.

Our Senior Leadership Team is currently comprised of senior vice presidents who oversee crucial functions and business units within the Company and is 30 percent women as of December 31, 2023.

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

We encourage our employees to support the communities in which they live and in which the Company operates. Our community engagement efforts extend across the globe and support social and educational needs. To that end, in 2023 we invested approximately $20 million to address critical needs in the communities in which we work and live. Our Vision 2030 goal is to strengthen the resilience of our communities, in numerous ways, and improve the lives of 100 million people in our communities in numerous ways, including the support of education, reducing hunger, promoting health and wellness and supporting disaster relief. 

One way we lead in promoting health and wellness is through our award-winning Fighting Period Poverty in Our Communities program. Period poverty is lack of access to period products and education and affects at least 500 million women and girls globally. Period poverty leads to school truancy, reproductive issues, health risks and unnecessary shame. Through this program, we collaborate with partners to create 

awareness of period poverty globally and provide period care kits to people who need them most. 

In 2022, the Company was honored with the American Forest & Paper Association's (“AF&PA”) “Diversity, Equity and Inclusion in Sustainability Award” for our “Ending Period Poverty” program. In 2023, we hosted 62 menstrual product kit packing events in nine countries donating more than 32,000 menstrual product kits to people across the world. 

Also in 2023, the Company was awarded a Leadership in Sustainability Award for Resilient U.S. Forests by the AF&PA for its innovative approach to promote forest bird awareness and conservation within the forest product supply chain in partnership with the American Bird Conservancy. In 2024, we received the Grassroots Innovation Award from the Public Affairs Council. Additionally, we are proud to have been named among the world’s most ethical companies by Ethisphere for 17 consecutive years.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, PATENTS, AND TRADEMARKS

We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, design, trade secret, and internet domain laws to establish and protect our intellectual property rights in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. The Company’s practice is to file applications and obtain patents for products and services we believe improve our value proposition to customers. We maintain a portfolio of trademarks and service marks registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in certain foreign jurisdictions, unregistered trademarks, licenses, and internet domain names that we consider important to the marketing of our products and business. These trademarks and service marks include those entity and product names that appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our logo, as well as names of other products and marketing-related taglines. Our registered intellectual property has various expiration dates. The Company also relies on trade secret and other confidential information protection for manufacturing processes, product specifications, formulae, analyses, market information, forecasts, and other competitively sensitive information. 

COMPETITION AND COSTS

The pulp and packaging sectors are large and fragmented, and the areas into which we sell our principal products are very competitive. Our products compete with similar products produced by other forest products companies. We also compete, in some instances, with companies in other industries and against substitutes for wood-fiber products.

4

Table of Contents

Many factors influence the Company’s competitive position, including price, cost, product quality and services. You can find more information about the impact of these factors on operating profits on pages 27 through 37 of 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

. You can find information about the Company’s manufacturing capacities on page A-3 of 
Appendix II

.

MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION

The Company sells products directly to end users and converters, as well as through agents, resellers and distributors. 

DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS

The Company’s principal products are described on pages 35 and 36 of 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

. 

SALES VOLUMES BY PRODUCT

Sales volumes of major products for 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

SALES VOLUMES BY PRODUCT (a)

In thousands of short tons (except as noted)

2023

2022

2021

Industrial Packaging

Corrugated Packaging (b)

9,428

10,202 

10,787 

Containerboard

2,604

2,642 

2,893 

Recycling

2,152

2,190 

2,223 

Saturated Kraft

160

188 

186 

Gypsum/Release Kraft

237

251 

234 

Europe, Middle East & Africa ("EMEA") Packaging (b)

1,282

1,376 

1,546 

Industrial Packaging

15,863

16,849 

17,869 

Global Cellulose Fibers 
(
in thousands of metric tons)
 (c)

2,681

2,893 

2,970 

(a)
Includes third-party and intersegment sales and excludes sales of equity investees. 

(b)
Volumes for corrugated box sales reflect consumed tons sold ("CTS"). Board sales for these businesses reflect invoiced tons.

(c) Includes North American volumes and internal sales to mills.

GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION

The Company’s policy is to operate its mills and factories in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations such that it protects the environment and the health and safety of its employees. We operate our businesses and sell products globally. In each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations governing various aspects of our business, including general business regulations as well as those governing the manufacturing, production, content, handling, storage, transport, marketing and sale of our products. Our operations are also subject to forestry reserve requirements, other environmental regulations and occupational health and safety laws. Violations can result in substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities, litigation, other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation. We incur costs to comply with these requirements. For additional information regarding risks associated with environmental matters, see 
Item 1A. Risk Factors

 – 
WE ARE 

SUBJECT TO A WIDE VARIETY OF LAWS, REGULATIONS AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL REQUIREMENTS THAT MAY CHANGE IN SIGNIFICANT WAYS, AND THE COST OF COMPLIANCE, OR THE FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS, COULD IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

As responsible stewards of people and communities, natural resources and capital, stewardship is one of the Company's core values. Our Vision 2030 goals provide a framework to build a better future for people, the planet and the Company in the areas of healthy and abundant forests, thriving people and communities, sustainable operations and renewable solutions. Through these efforts and more, the Company tackles the toughest issues in the value chain to improve its environmental footprint and promote the long-term sustainability of natural capital. 

Our approach to sustainability considers our entire value chain, from sourcing raw materials responsibly 

5

Table of Contents

and working safely, to making renewable, recyclable products and providing a market for recovered products. To help inform and prioritize the focus of our sustainability strategy, we have engaged with internal and external stakeholders using a variety of methods, assessed key issues and associated risks and opportunities, and incorporated sustainability considerations into our processes. Additionally, in 2020, we established our Vision 2030 goals with the purpose of promoting healthy and abundant forests, thriving people and communities, sustainable operations and renewable solutions. 

As part of its business, the Company is subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal, state local, and international laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. For example, Company manufacturing processes involve discharges to water, air emissions, water intake and waste handling and disposal activities, all of which are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations, along with requirements of environmental permits or analogous authorizations issued by various governmental authorities. In addition, new environmental laws or regulations impacting our facilities around the world are often passed or proposed. Our continuing objectives include: (1) controlling emissions and discharges from our facilities to avoid adverse impacts on the environment, and (2) maintaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Company spent approximately $40 million in 2023 for capital projects to control environmental releases into the air and water, and to assure environmentally sound management and disposal of waste. We expect to spend approximately $35 million in 2024 for environmental capital projects. Capital expenditures on environmental projects for 2025 and 2026, respectively, are anticipated to be approximately $40 million and $35 million. It is possible that our capital expenditure assumptions, estimates and project completion dates may change, and our projections are subject to change due to items such as the finalization of ongoing engineering projects, varying costs or changes in environmental laws and regulations. 

The Company has completed capital projects to meet the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's ("EPA") maximum achievable control technology ("MACT") and risk and technology review ("RTR") regulations that require owners of specified pulp and paper process equipment and boilers to meet new air emissions standards for certain substances. As portions of these MACT and RTR regulations have been remanded to EPA for further consideration it is not clear at this time what, if any, additional capital project expenditures might result from resolution of the open issues.

The Company has been named as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") in environmental remediation actions under various federal and state laws, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"). Many of these proceedings involve the cleanup of hazardous substances at large commercial landfills that received waste from many different sources. While joint and several liability is authorized under CERCLA and equivalent state laws, as a practical matter, liability for CERCLA cleanups is typically allocated among the many PRPs and/or potentially liable parties, and costs are commonly allocated according to relative amounts of waste deposited and other factors. There are other remediation costs typically associated with the cleanup of hazardous substances at the Company’s current, closed or formerly-owned facilities, and recorded as liabilities on the balance sheet. For additional information regarding certain remediation actions, see 
Note 14 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

 of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 on pages 74 through 78. For additional information regarding risks associated with environmental matters, see 
Item 1A. Risk Factors

 – 
WE ARE SUBJECT TO A WIDE VARIETY OF LAWS, REGULATIONS AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL REQUIREMENTS THAT MAY CHANGE IN SIGNIFICANT WAYS, AND THE COST OF COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS, OR THE FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS, COULD IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

CLIMATE CHANGE

The Company recognizes the impacts of climate change on people and our planet. To manage climate-related risks, we are taking actions throughout our value chain to help advance a low-carbon economy. We aligned our annual sustainability reporting with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (“TCFD”) in the 2023 reporting cycle (based upon data from 2022). As part of our TCFD reports, we identify and report on climate-related opportunities. We identify and evaluate physical and transition climate-related risks through our enterprise risk management process.

We transform renewable resources into recyclable products that people depend on every day. We aim to produce low carbon products that have a positive impact on nature. To this end, we source renewable fiber from responsibly managed forests and recycled raw materials. We then use a circular manufacturing process that makes the most of resources and byproducts, while reducing the environmental impacts of our operations. At the end of use, the majority of our low-carbon fiber-based products are recycled into 

6

Table of Contents

new products at a higher rate than any other base material. We work to advance the shift to a low-carbon, circular economy by designing products that are 100% reusable, recyclable or compostable. 

Through improvements in operations, equipment, energy efficiency and fuel diversity, we are working to achieve company-wide reductions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. As part of our Vision 2030 goals, we have targeted incremental reductions of 35% in our Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions by 2030 in comparison to 2019 levels. The Science Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”) approved these targets as consistent with levels required to meet the goals of the 2015 Paris Agreement, an agreement signed among over 170 countries, which became effective in November 2016. We intend to continue to evaluate and implement projects as we pursue this Vision 2030 GHG goal. This includes ongoing energy efficiency efforts and capital projects to phase out our most carbon intensive fuel sources (Scope 1) as well as developing GHG reduction strategies for our energy sourcing (Scope 2) and broader supply chain footprint (Scope 3). In addition, we have recently committed to be an early adopter of the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (“TNFD”). TNFD adopters intend to make corporate reporting disclosures that are aligned with TNFD recommendations, which have been designed to (i) meet the corporate reporting requirements of organizations across jurisdictions; (ii) be consistent with the global baseline for corporate sustainability reporting; and (iii) be aligned with the global policy goals outlined in the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework, which was adopted to halt and reverse nature loss by 2030. 

We use carbon-neutral biomass and manufacturing residuals (rather than fossil fuels) to generate a majority of the manufacturing energy at our mills. We believe our efforts to advance sustainable forest management and restore forest landscapes are an important lever for mitigating climate change through carbon storage in forests. 

INTERNATIONAL EFFORTS

The 2015 Paris Agreement compels international efforts and voluntary commitments toward reducing the emissions of GHGs. IP supports the 2015 Paris Agreement and recognizes the importance of global policy action to achieve emission reductions consistent with an increase of “well below 2 ° Celsius above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5 ° Celsius.” Consistent with this objective, participating countries aim to balance GHG emissions generation 

and sequestration in the second half of this century or, in effect, achieve net-zero global GHG emissions. 

To assist member countries in meeting GHG reduction obligations, the European Union operates an Emissions Trading System ("EU ETS"). Our operations in the EU experience indirect impacts of the EU ETS through purchased power pricing. Neither the direct nor indirect impacts of the EU ETS have been material to the Company, but they could be material to the Company in the future depending on how the 2015 Paris Agreement's non-binding commitments or allocation of, and market prices for, GHG credits under existing rules evolve over the coming years. 

Additionally, the EU’s newly mandated Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”) and Deforestation Regulation (“EUDR”), each impose additional compliance responsibilities on the Company. The CSRD requires additional reporting processes for greater accountability. 
The Company’s first reporting year under the CSRD is expected to be
 2025. 
The CSRD standards replace the existing Non-Financial Reporting Directive and expands reporting requirements for companies operating in the EU. The implementation timeline varies depending on the type of entity. 

The EUDR requires companies trading in products derived from certain commodities to conduct extensive diligence on the value chain to ensure goods do not result from recent deforestation, forest degradation or breaches of local environmental and social laws. Currently, the Company is evaluating the implications of the
 EUDR to its business with the expected earliest reporting date being in 2025. 

U.S. EFFORTS, INCLUDING STATE, REGIONAL AND LOCAL MEASURES

Responses to climate change may result in regulatory risks as new laws and regulations aimed at reducing GHG emissions come into effect. The EPA manages regulations to: (i) control GHGs from mobile sources by adopting transportation fuel efficiency standards; (ii) control GHG emissions from new Electric Generating Units (“EGUs”); (iii) control emissions from new oil and gas processing operations; and (iv) require reporting of GHGs from sources of GHGs greater than 25,000 tons per year. 

Several U.S. states, including states in which we operate facilities, have enacted or are considering legal measures to require the reduction and reporting of emissions of GHGs by companies and public utilities. California, New York and Virginia have already enacted such programs, although these regulations have not had, and are not expected to 

7

Table of Contents

have a material impact on the Company. For example, the State of California recently passed the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act, which will impose climate-related reporting obligations on companies doing business in California meeting specified thresholds, including the Company. We monitor proposed programs in other states as well; however, it is unclear what impacts, if any, future state-level or local GHG rules will have on the Company’s operations.

SUMMARY

Regulation related to GHGs and climate change continues to evolve in the areas of the world in which we do business. However, while it is likely that there will be increased governmental action regarding GHGs and climate change in the future, it is unclear what actions will be taken and when such actions will occur and at this time it is not reasonably possible to estimate the Company’s costs of compliance with rules that have not yet been adopted or implemented and may not be adopted or implemented in the future. In addition to possible direct impacts, future legislation and regulation could have indirect impacts on the Company, such as higher prices for transportation, energy and other inputs, as well as more protracted air permitting processes, causing delays and higher costs to implement capital projects. Other possible indirect impacts may include influence on competitive position due to customer and end-consumer preferences regarding low-carbon, circular products with a high recycling rate along with tax credit and funding opportunities to expand green energy production and carbon credit generation. The Company has controls and procedures in place to track GHG emissions from our facilities, as well as to stay informed about developments concerning possible climate-related laws, regulations, accords, and policies in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions where we operate. We regularly assess whether such developments may have a material effect on the Company, its operations or financial condition, and whether we have any related disclosure obligations under applicable rules and regulations.

Moreover, compliance with legal requirements related to GHGs and/or climate change which are currently in effect or which may be effective or enacted in the future are expected to require future expenditures to meet GHG emission reduction, disclosure or other obligations. These obligations may include carbon taxes, the requirement to purchase GHG credits or the need to acquire carbon offsets. We may also incur significant expenditures in relation to our efforts to meet our internal targets or goals with respect to 

GHGs and climate change, including our Vision 2030 goal on GHGs as set forth above. Furthermore, in connection with complying with legal requirements and/or our efforts to meet our internal targets and goals, we have made and expect to continue to make capital and other investments to displace traditional fossil fuels, such as fuel oil and coal, with lower carbon alternatives, such as biomass and natural gas. Rather than rely on carbon offsets, we focus on reducing energy consumption as well as relative GHG emissions across our mills and manufacturing facilities. Currently, these efforts and obligations have not materially impacted the Company but such efforts and obligations may have a material impact on the Company in the future. 

We believe sustainability is a key element of corporate governance promoted by our Board of Directors, committees of the Board of Directors, and senior management. 

Our Board of Directors has primary oversight of the Company's enterprise risk management program, which includes sustainability. The Board receives updates from our Chief Sustainability Officer ("CSO") and additional members of management. Our Board of Directors also conducts periodic reviews of components of the sustainability strategy and performance and reviews material key sustainability-related developments and issues. Our standing committees share responsibility on sustainability as described below: 

Audit and Finance Committee

•
Reviews processes and controls for external reporting of sustainability and social impact data and metrics.

•
Reviews related disclosures in Annual Report on Form 10-K and other sustainability reports.

Governance Committee

•
Reviews and reassesses adequacy of, and oversees compliance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines.

•
Seeks Board of Director candidates with diverse backgrounds.

Management Development and Compensation Committee ("MDCC Committee")

•
Approves Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") sustainability-focused objectives and evaluates performance.

•
Considers sustainability factors in SLT compensation and in overall compensation plan design.

•
Reviews sustainability disclosures related to executive compensation. 

8

Table of Contents

Public Policy and Environment Committee ("PPE Committee")

•
Reviews sustainability and social impact policies, plans and performance to ensure commitments to stewardship.

•
Stays current on emerging sustainability and social impact trends and issues impacting the Company.

At the management level, ownership and governance of sustainability matters is embedded in the organization from the top down. Our CEO and SLT are responsible for corporate strategy and leadership including incorporation of our sustainability goals and standards into our daily operations and long-term business strategy. Our SLT, which is comprised of senior vice presidents who oversee critical functions and business units within the Company, evaluates sustainability issues based on input from function-specific councils that report to the SLT. The SLT receives several sustainability updates throughout the year from our CSO. The Company also has an Enterprise Lead Team (“ELT”), comprised of the SLT and additional subject matter experts, including our CSO, that meets quarterly and receives regular climate-related updates. Moreover, at the operational level, our Stewardship Council, a cross-functional leadership team with representatives from businesses and functional teams, guides and supports the Company’s sustainability strategy and tactics. 

For additional information regarding risks associated with climate change, see 
Item 1A. Risk Factors

 – 
WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE AND OTHER SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS AND GLOBAL, REGIONAL AND LOCAL WEATHER CONDITIONS AS WELL AS LEGAL, REGULATORY AND MARKET RESPONSES TO CLIMATE CHANGE. 

Additional information regarding climate change and the Company is available in our annual Sustainability Report and TCFD Report, both of which can, or will be, found on our website at www.internationalpaper.com. Our 2023 Sustainability Report and 2023 TCFD Report will be available later in 2024. The information contained in such reports is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. Any targets or goals with respect to sustainability matters discussed herein or in our sustainability reports as noted above are forward-looking statements and may be aspirational. These targets or goals are not guarantees of future results, and involve assumptions and known and unknown risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control.

RAW MATERIALS

Raw materials essential to our businesses include wood fiber, purchased in the form of pulpwood, wood chips and old corrugated containers ("OCC"), and certain chemicals, including caustic soda, starch and adhesives. For further information concerning fiber supply purchase agreements, see page 40.

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The following are the executive officers of our Company as of the date of this filing.

Mark S. Sutton,
 62, chair (since January 2015 and member of the Board of Directors since June 2014) and chief executive officer (since November 2014). In his 40 years with the Company, Mr. Sutton has served in various roles of increasing responsibilities including president and chief operating officer (June 2014-October 2014), senior vice president - Industrial Packaging (2011-2014), senior vice president - Printing and Communications Papers the Americas (2010-2011), senior vice president - Supply Chain (2008-2009), vice president - Supply Chain (2007-2008), and vice president - Strategic Planning (2005-2007). Mr. Sutton is also a member of the board of directors of The Kroger Company (NYSE: KR). He is a member of The Business Council and the Business Roundtable and serves on the American Forest & Paper Association board of directors. He also serves on the board of directors for Memphis Tomorrow, an association of CEOs of Memphis’ largest businesses working to promote opportunity and quality of life for all Memphians. Mr. Sutton joined International Paper in 1984. 

Clay R. Ellis,
 53, senior vice president - Global Cellulose Fibers and IP Asia since January 2023. Mr. Ellis previously served as senior vice president - Enterprise Operational Excellence (2019-2022) and vice president - Manufacturing, Global Cellulose Fibers (2016-2019). Prior to that, he served as vice president of Pulp (2014-2016), and vice president Manufacturing, North American Papers (2012-2014). Mr. Ellis joined International Paper in 1992.

Aimee Gregg
,

45, senior vice president, Supply Chain and Information Technology, since January 2023. Prior to this role, Ms. Gregg served as vice president and general manager, Containerboard and Recycling (2020-2023); vice president, Recycling and Recovered Fiber (2018-2020), and general manager, Recycling, (2016-2018). Ms. Gregg joined International Paper in 2002.

9

Table of Contents

W. Thomas Hamic,
 57, senior vice president - North American Container and chief commercial officer since January 2023. Prior to this role, Mr. Hamic served as senior vice president - Global Cellulose Fibers and Enterprise Commercial Excellence (2020-2022). Mr. Hamic previously served as senior vice president - Containerboard and Enterprise Commercial Excellence (2019-2020). Mr. Hamic has also previously served as vice president and general manager - Containerboard and Recycling, North American Container

(2015-2019). Mr. Hamic became vice president and general manager of the South Area Container the Americas in 2009, and was appointed to the role of vice president, Industrial Packaging Group’s Finance and Strategy in 2010. Mr. Hamic joined International Paper in 1991.

Allison B. Magness
, 46, senior vice president Manufacturing and Environmental Health and Safety (”EHS”) since January 2023. Prior to this role, she served as vice president, South Area, North American Container (2019-2022). Previously she served in a number of roles including vice president, Manufacturing and Containerboard (2015-2019); manager, Technical Services, North American Papers and Pulp (2013-2015); and mill manager of the Franklin Mill (2011-2013). Ms. Magness joined International Paper in 2000. 

Timothy S. Nicholls,
 62, senior vice president and chief financial officer since June 2018. Mr. Nicholls previously served as senior vice president - Industrial Packaging the Americas (2017-2018), senior vice president - Industrial Packaging (2014-2016), senior vice president - Printing and Communications Papers of the Americas (2011-2014), senior vice president and chief financial officer (2007-2011), vice president and executive project leader of IP Europe (2007), and vice president and chief financial officer - IP Europe (2005-2006). Mr. Nicholls joined International Paper in 1999 following our acquisition of Union Camp Corporation where he had worked since 1991.

Thomas J. Plath,
 60, senior vice president - Human Resources and Corporate Affairs since January 2023. Prior to this role, he served as senior vice president - Human Resources and Global Citizenship (2017-2022). Mr. Plath previously served as vice president - Human Resources, global businesses (2014-2017), and vice president – Human Resources Manufacturing, Technology, EHS and Global Supply Chain (2013-2014). Mr. Plath joined International Paper in 1991.

James P. Royalty, Jr., 
54, senior vice president - Containerboard and Recycling since January 2023. Previously, he served as senior vice president and president, Europe, Middle East, Africa & Russia (2019-2022); vice president, Corporate Development 

and Disruptive Technologies (2018-2019); vice president, Strategic Projects (2017-2018); vice president, Investor Relations (2013-2017); vice president and general manager, Container the Americas (2008-2013). Mr. Royalty joined International Paper in 1991.

Joseph R. Saab,
 55, senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary since July 2022. Mr. Saab previously served as vice president, deputy general counsel and assistant corporate secretary (2019-2022) and associate general counsel - Industrial Packaging North America, Europe, Middle East & Africa (2014-2019). Mr. Saab joined International Paper in 2001.

Ksenia N. Sosnina, 
55, senior vice president, Europe, Middle East & Africa since July 2023. Earlier in her career, Ms. Sosnina served as an officer and vice president of IP Russia (2015-2016) and served as chief executive officer of the Ilim Group (2016-2023). Ms. Sosnina joined International Paper in 2013. 

There are no family relationships, as defined by the instructions to this item, among any of the Company’s executive officers and any other executive officers or directors of the Company.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical in nature may be considered “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking or conditional words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “could,” “should,” “can,” “forecast,” “intend,” “look,” “may,” “will,” “remain,” “confident,” “commit” and “plan” or similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and reflect management’s current views and speak only as to the dates the statements are made and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ include but are not limited to: (i) risks with respect to climate change and global, regional, and local weather conditions, as well as risks related to our ability to meet targets and goals with respect to climate change and the emission of greenhouse gases and other sustainability matters; (ii) the level of our indebtedness, risks associated with our variable rate debt, and changes in interest rates (including the impact of current elevated interest rate levels); (iii) the impact of global and domestic economic conditions and industry conditions, including with respect to current negative macroeconomic conditions, 

10

Table of Contents

inflationary pressures and changes in the cost or availability of raw materials, energy sources and transportation sources, supply chain shortages and disruptions, competition we face, cyclicality, and changes in customer or consumer preferences, government regulation, demand and pricing for our products, and conditions impacting the credit, capital and financial markets; (iv) risks arising from conducting business internationally, domestic and global geopolitical conditions, military conflict (including the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the conflict in Israel and surrounding areas, the possible expansion of such conflicts, and the potential geopolitical and economic consequences associated therewith), changes in currency exchange rates, trade protectionist policies, downgrades in our credit ratings, and/or the credit ratings of banks issuing certain letters of credit, issued by recognized credit rating organizations; (v) the amount of our future pension funding obligations, and pension and healthcare costs; (vi) the costs of compliance, or the failure to comply with, existing and new environmental (including with respect to climate change and GHG emissions), tax, labor and employment, privacy, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and other U.S. and non-U.S. governmental laws and regulations; (vii) any material disruption at any of our manufacturing facilities or other adverse impact on our operations due to severe weather, natural disasters, climate change or other causes; (viii) our ability to realize expected benefits and cost savings associated with restructuring initiatives; (ix) our ability to achieve the benefits expected from, and other risks associated with, acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, spin-offs, capital investments and other corporate transactions, (x) cybersecurity and information technology risks, including as a result of security breaches and cybersecurity incidents; (xi) loss contingencies and pending, threatened or future litigation, including with respect to environmental related matters; (xii) our exposure to claims under our agreements with Sylvamo Corporation; (xiii) our failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the spin-off of Sylvamo Corporation and the qualification of such spin-off as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (xiv) our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, particularly in light of current labor market conditions. These and other factors that could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from such forward-looking statements can be found in our press releases and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that we currently believe to be immaterial could affect the accuracy of any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

The Company faces a variety of risks, including risks in the normal course of business and through global, regional, and local events that could have an adverse impact on its reputation, operations, and financial performance. 

The following are material risk factors of which we are aware, including risk factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statement. If any of the events or circumstances described in any of the following risk factors occurs, our business, results of operations and/or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, and our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements we make in any public disclosures. Additional factors that could affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition are discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including in 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

) and in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Moreover, risks or uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

RISKS RELATING TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC

FACTORS

ADVERSE DEVELOPMENTS IN GENERAL BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
General economic conditions may adversely affect industrial non-durable goods production, consumer confidence and spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, and white-collar employment levels, all of which impact demand for our products, or otherwise adversely affect our business. We may also be adversely affected by catastrophic or other unforeseen events, including health epidemics or pandemics, such as COVID-19, natural disasters, geopolitical events, military conflicts, terrorism, port and canal blockages and similar disruptions, political, financial or social instability, or civil or social unrest. Future health pandemics could adversely impact portions of our business to varying degrees, including as the result of lower demand for certain products, supply chain and labor disruptions, and higher costs. These effects could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Moreover, negative economic conditions or other adverse developments with 

11

Table of Contents

respect to our business have resulted in, and may in the future result in impairment charges which could be material. Volatility or uncertainty in the financial, capital and credit markets, and negative developments associated with interest rates, asset values, currency exchange rates and the availability of credit, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and our results of operations. 

Macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. and globally continue to be challenging in various respects, including as the result of significant inflationary pressures, elevated interest rates, challenging labor market conditions, and adverse effects associated with current geopolitical conditions. Our operations have been adversely affected by, and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by, these negative macroeconomic conditions, including as the result of lower demand for certain products, higher raw material and labor costs. Moreover, any significant deterioration in current negative macroeconomic conditions, or any recovery therefrom that is significantly slower than anticipated, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further if current negative macroeconomic conditions result in significant disruptions to capital and financial markets, our cost of borrowing, our ability to access capital on favorable terms, and our overall liquidity could be adversely affected.

The COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted portions of our business to varying degrees, including as the result of lower demand for certain of our products, supply chain and labor disruptions, and higher costs. If public health conditions related to COVID-19 or a similar health epidemic or pandemic were to significantly worsen in the U.S. or in other markets in which we operate, our business and financial results could be adversely impacted, and we may be unable to effectively respond to or predict any such developments.

CHANGES IN INTERNATIONAL CONDITIONS OR OTHER RISKS ARISING FROM CONDUCTING BUSINESS INTERNATIONALLY COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
 As a global producer of renewable fiber-based packaging and pulp products, we could be substantially affected by risks related to the countries outside the U.S. in which we have manufacturing facilities or sell our products. These risks, which can vary substantially by country, may include economic or political instability, geopolitical events, corruption, anti-American sentiment, social and ethnic unrest, natural disasters, military conflicts and terrorism, the regulatory environment (including the risks of operating in 

developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of legal requirements and the enforceability of contracts rights and intellectual property rights) fluctuations in the value of local currency versus the U.S. dollar, foreign exchange control regimes (including restrictions on currency conversion) repatriating cash from foreign countries to the U.S., downturns or changes in economic conditions (including in relation to commodity inflation), adverse tax consequences or rulings, import restrictions or controls, economic sanctions, health guidelines and safety protocols, nationalization, changes in social, political or labor conditions, and adverse developments regarding sustainability, environmental regulations and trade policies and agreements, any of which risks could negatively affect our financial results. For example, a significant portion of sales from our Global Cellulose Fibers business are concentrated in China and could be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions and demographics in China. Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including governmental subsidies, tax benefits and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over us, may also adversely impact our operating results and business prospects in these countries. Likewise, disruption in existing trade agreements or increased trade friction between countries (such as in relation to the trade tensions between the U.S. and China), which may result in tariffs, could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations by restricting the free flow of goods and services across borders. 

During the third quarter of 2023, we completed the sale of our ownership stake in Ilim and Ilim Group, and we no longer have investments in Russia following the completion of this sale.
 Prior to the completion of this sale, 
the 
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
adversely affected 
our Ilim joint venture and our 
financial results, including as the result of economic 
sanctions, actions by the Russian government, and associated domestic and global economic and geopolitical conditions
.
 Additionally, while we no longer have any investments in Russia, we may continue to be adversely affected by ongoing geopolitical instability and the economic consequences and disruptions arising therefrom, including as the result of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the military conflict between Israel and Hamas, and increasing tensions between China and Taiwan. These risks may be further heightened in the event of the expansion in the scope or escalation of any such military conflicts.

In addition, our international operations are subject to regulation under U.S. law and other laws related to 

12

Table of Contents

operations in foreign jurisdictions, including laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices. For example, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, prohibits U.S. companies and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad, and the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and other non-U.S. government entities maintain economic sanctions targeting various countries, persons and entities. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions, damage to our reputation and the prosecution of executives overseeing our international operations.

RISKS RELATED TO CLIMATE AND WEATHER 

WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE AND OTHER SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS AND GLOBAL, REGIONAL AND LOCAL WEATHER CONDITIONS AS WELL AS BY LEGAL, REGULATORY, AND MARKET RESPONSES TO CLIMATE CHANGE. 
Climate change impacts, including rising temperatures and the increasing severity and/or frequency of adverse weather conditions, may result in operational impacts on our facilities, supply chain disruptions and increased raw material and other costs. These adverse weather conditions and other physical impacts which may be exacerbated as the result of climate change include floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, hailstorms, wildfires, snow, ice storms and drought. Climate change may also contribute to the decreased productivity of forests and adverse impacts on the distribution and abundance of species, and the spread of disease and insect epidemics, any of which developments could adversely affect timber harvesting. The effects of climate change and global, regional and local weather conditions, including the resulting financial costs of compliance with legal or regulatory initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and business. 

There has been an increased focus, including from investors, customers, the general public, U.S. and foreign governmental and nongovernmental authorities, regarding sustainability matters, including with respect to climate change, GHG emissions, packaging and waste, sustainable supply chain practices, biodiversity, deforestation, land, energy and water use, diversity and inclusion and other human capital matters. This increased focus on sustainability matters, including climate change, may result in more prescriptive reporting requirements with respect to sustainability metrics, an increased expectation that such metrics will be voluntarily disclosed by companies such as ours, and increased pressure to 

make commitments, set targets, or establish goals, and take action to meet them. As the result of this increased focus and our commitment to sustainability matters, we have voluntarily provided disclosure and established targets and goals with respect to various sustainability matters, including climate change. For example, we have made public commitments regarding our intended reduction of carbon emissions, including our Vision 2030 goal of reducing Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions by 35% from 2019-2030, which have been approved by SBTi as consistent with levels required to meet the goals of the 2015 Paris Agreement. Meeting these and other sustainability targets and goals have increased, and may continue to increase, our capital and operational costs. There also continues to be a lack of consistency in legal and regulatory initiatives regarding climate change across jurisdictions and various governmental entities. We also expect to incur additional expenses as a result of U.S. and international regulators requiring additional disclosures regarding GHG emissions. Further, there can be no assurance regarding the extent to which our climate and other sustainability targets will be achieved, and the achievement of these targets is subject to various risks and uncertainties, some of which are outside our control. Moreover, there is no assurance that investments made in furtherance of achieving such targets and goals will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance. If we are unable to meet climate and other sustainability targets and goals, on our projected timelines or at all, or if such goals and targets are perceived negatively, including the perception that they are not sufficiently robust or, conversely, are too costly or not otherwise in our best interests, any such developments could adversely impact our reputation as well as investor, customer and other stakeholder relationships, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. Moreover, not all of our competitors establish climate or other sustainability targets and goals at comparable levels to ours, which could result in competitors having lower supply chain or operating costs as well as reduced reputational risks associated with not meeting such goals.

Other climate-related business risks that we face include risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as increased prices for fossil fuels; the introduction of a carbon tax; increased regulation of our operations and our products, and the resulting potential for increased litigation; and more stringent and/or complex environmental and other permitting requirements. To the extent that climate-related business risks materialize, particularly if we are unprepared for them, we may incur unexpected costs, and our business may be materially and adversely affected.

13

Table of Contents

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS

THE LEVEL OF OUR INDEBTEDNESS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND IMPAIR OUR ABILITY TO OPERATE OUR BUSINESS.
 As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately $5.6 billion of outstanding indebtedness. The level of our indebtedness could have important consequences to our financial condition, operating results and business, including the following:

•
it may limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, dividends, share repurchases, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes;

•
a portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated to payments on indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;

•
the debt service requirements of our indebtedness could make it more difficult for us to satisfy other obligations;

•
it may limit our ability to adjust to changing market conditions, including to take actions in connection with elevated interest rates (such as in the current elevated interest rate environment), and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt;

•
it may increase our exposure to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency as we earn profits in a variety of currencies around the world and our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars;

•
it may increase our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates insofar as we are compelled to refinance indebtedness at higher interest rates, which risk is heightened by the current high interest rate environment; and

•
it may increase our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business, and may make us unable to carry out capital spending that is important to our growth.

In addition, we are subject to agreements governing our indebtedness that require us to meet and 

maintain certain financial ratios and covenants. A significant or prolonged downturn in general business and economic conditions, or other significant adverse developments with respect to our results of operations or financial condition, may affect our ability to comply with these covenants or meet those financial ratios and tests and could require us to take action to reduce our debt or to act in a manner contrary to our current business objectives. Moreover, the restrictions associated with these financial ratios and covenants may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interest of our business and may make it difficult for us to execute our business strategy successfully or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. Additionally, despite these restrictions, we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility and otherwise increase the risks associated with our indebtedness as noted above.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR VARIABLE RATE DEBT 
We have interest rate risk, primarily related to variable rate debt in the aggregate amount of approximately $908 million as of December 31, 2023, associated with our short-term cash investments, variable rate debts, supply chain financing, short-term debt and the installment notes and loans in the Temple-Inland timber monetization special purpose entities. Interest rates rose significantly during 2022 and 2023 and could remain high and volatile in 2024 and beyond. Changes in interest rates impact how much we earn on our short-term cash investments, the interest rate we pay on our variable rate debt and credit agreements, the cost of supply chain financing and the refinance rate of our short-term debt. For additional information, see “Market Risk – Interest Rate Risk” in 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

 on page 44.

CHANGES IN CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR COST OF FINANCING AND HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR SECURITIES.
 Maintaining an investment-grade credit rating is an important element of our financial strategy. A downgrade of the Company’s ratings below investment grade will likely eliminate our ability to access the commercial paper market, may limit our access to the capital markets, have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities, increase our cost of borrowing and require us to post collateral for derivatives in a net liability position. Our desire to maintain the Company's investment grade rating may cause us to take certain actions designed 

14

Table of Contents

to improve our cash flow, including sale of assets, suspension or reduction of our dividend and reductions in capital expenditures and working capital.

Under the terms of the agreements governing approximately $1.1 billion of our debt as of December 31, 2023, the applicable interest rate on such debt may increase upon each downgrade in our credit rating. As a result, a downgrade in our credit rating may lead to an increase in our interest expense. There can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in each rating agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any such downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of borrowing, limit our access to the capital markets or result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that we may incur.

DOWNGRADES IN THE CREDIT RATINGS OF BANKS ISSUING CERTAIN LETTERS OF CREDIT WILL INCREASE OUR COST OF MAINTAINING CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS AND MAY RESULT IN THE ACCELERATION OF DEFERRED TAXES.
 We are subject to the risk that a bank with currently issued irrevocable letters of credit supporting installment notes in connection with Temple-Inland's 2007 sales of forestlands, may be downgraded below a required rating. Prior to 2013, certain banks had fallen below the required ratings threshold and were successfully replaced, or waivers were obtained regarding their replacement. As a result of continuing uncertainty in the banking environment, some of the letter-of-credit banks currently in place remain subject to risk of downgrade and the number of qualified replacement banks remains limited. The downgrade of one or more of these banks may subject us to additional costs of securing a replacement letter-of-credit bank or could result in an acceleration of payments of up to $485 million in deferred income taxes if replacement banks cannot be obtained. The deferred taxes are currently recorded in our consolidated financial statements. See 
Note 15, Variable Interest Entities

, on pages 78 through 80, and 
Note 13. Income Taxes

, on pages 72 through 74, in 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 for further information.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR PENSION AND HEALTHCARE COSTS

OUR PENSION AND HEALTH CARE COSTS ARE SUBJECT TO NUMEROUS FACTORS WHICH COULD CAUSE THESE COSTS TO CHANGE.
 We have defined benefit pension plans covering 

substantially all U.S. salaried employees hired prior to July 1, 2004 (or later for certain acquired populations, as described in 
Note 18. Retirement Plans

, on pages 82 through 87, in 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

) and substantially all hourly union and non-union employees regardless of hire date. We froze participation under these plans for U.S. salaried employees, including credited service and compensation on or after January 1, 2019; however, the pension freeze does not affect benefits accrued through December 31, 2018. We provide retiree health care benefits to certain former U.S. employees, as well as financial assistance towards the cost of individual retiree medical coverage for certain former U.S. salaried employees. Our pension costs are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Pension plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual market returns on plan assets, changes in general interest rates and in the number of retirees may impact pension costs in future periods. Likewise, changes in assumptions regarding current discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets could increase pension costs. However, the impact of market fluctuations has been reduced as a result of investments in our pension plan asset portfolio which hedge the impact of changes in interest rates on the plan’s funded status. Drivers for fluctuating health costs include unit cost changes, health care utilization by participants, and potential changes in legal requirements and government oversight.

OUR U.S. FUNDED PENSION PLAN IS CURRENTLY FULLY FUNDED ON A PROJECTED BENEFIT OBLIGATION BASIS; HOWEVER, THE POSSIBILITY EXISTS THAT OVER TIME WE MAY BE REQUIRED TO MAKE CASH PAYMENTS TO THE PLAN, REDUCING THE CASH AVAILABLE FOR OUR BUSINESS.
 We record an asset or a liability associated with our pension plans equal to the surplus of the fair value of plan assets above the benefit obligation or the excess of the benefit obligation over the fair value of plan assets. At December 31, 2023, we had an overfunded U.S. qualified pension asset balance of $118 million. When aggregated with U.S. nonqualified pension obligations, the benefit deficit recorded under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 715, “Compensation – Retirement Benefits,” at December 31, 2023 was $146 million. The amount and timing of future contributions, which could be material, will depend upon a number of factors, including the actual earnings, changes in values of plan assets and changes in interest rates. 

15

Table of Contents

RISKS RELATING TO INDUSTRY CONDITIONS

CHANGES IN THE COST OR AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS, ENERGY AND TRANSPORTATION HAVE RECENTLY AFFECTED, AND COULD CONTINUE TO AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY. 
We rely heavily on the use of certain raw materials (principally virgin wood fiber, recycled fiber, caustic soda, starch and adhesives), energy sources (principally biomass, natural gas, electricity and fuel oil) and third-party companies that transport our goods. The market price of virgin wood fiber varies based upon availability and source. The global supply and demand for recycled fiber may be affected by factors such as trade policies between countries, individual governments' legislation and regulations, and general macroeconomic conditions. In addition, the increase in demand of products manufactured, in whole or in part, from recycled fiber, on a global basis, may cause significant fluctuations in recycled fiber prices. Taking into account ongoing inflationary conditions in the U.S. and globally, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, a significant increase in various costs, including recycled fiber, energy, freight, chemical, and other supply chain costs, which has adversely affected and is expected to continue to adversely affect our results of operations. Energy prices, in particular prices for oil and natural gas, have fluctuated dramatically in the past and may continue to increase and/or fluctuate in the future. Moreover, the availability of labor and the market price for fuel may affect our costs for third-party transportation. In addition, because our businesses operate in highly competitive industry segments, we may have not always been able, and may in the future be unable to recoup past or future increases in the costs of any raw materials, energy sources or transportation sources through price increases to our customers. Our profitability has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials, energy sources and transportation sources.

FLUCTUATIONS IN THE PRICES OF AND THE DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS DUE TO FACTORS SUCH AS ECONOMIC CYCLICALITY AND CHANGES IN CUSTOMER OR CONSUMER PREFERENCES, AND GOVERNMENT REGULATION COULD MATERIALLY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND CASH FLOWS
. Substantially all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry capacity and general economic conditions. The length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by product. In addition, changes in customer or 

consumer preferences may increase or decrease the demand for our fiber-based products and non-fiber substitutes. Moreover, customer and consumer preferences are constantly changing based on, among other factors, cost, convenience, health concerns and perceptions and an increased awareness of sustainability considerations. These preferences may affect the prices of our products. In addition, regulatory developments, such as new or developing regulation or single-use packaging products could significantly alter the market for our products. Consequently, our financial results are sensitive to changes in the pricing, and supply and demand for our products. In addition, our reputation and financial results may be adversely affected if we fail to anticipate trends that would enable us to offer products that respond to changing customer preferences and technological and regulatory developments.

COMPETITION IN THE U.S. AND INTERNATIONALLY COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.
 We operate in a competitive environment, both in the U.S. and internationally, in all of our operating segments. Our products compete with similar products produced by other forest products companies. Product innovations, manufacturing and operating efficiencies, additional manufacturing capacity, marketing, distribution and pricing strategies pursued or achieved by competitors, the increased use of artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions in our industry, and the entry of new competitors into the markets we serve could negatively impact our financial results. In addition, our products also compete, in some instances, with companies in other industries that produce substitutes for wood-fiber products, such as plastics and various types of metal. Customer shifts away from wood-fiber products toward such substitute products may adversely affect our business and financial results. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR OPERATIONS

MATERIAL DISRUPTIONS AT ONE OF OUR MANUFACTURING FACILITIES COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.

We operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities. A material disruption at our corporate headquarters or one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial condition. Any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise 

16

Table of Contents

operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:

•
adverse weather events like fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, winter storms and extreme temperatures, or other catastrophes (including adverse weather conditions that may be intensified by climate change);

•
the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply;

•
disruption in the supply of raw materials or other manufacturing inputs;

•
terrorism or threats of terrorism;

•
information system disruptions or failures due to any number of causes, including cyber-attacks;

•
domestic and international laws and regulations applicable to us and our business partners, including joint venture partners, around the world;

•
unscheduled maintenance outages;

•
prolonged power failures;

•
an equipment failure;

•
a chemical spill or release;

•
explosion of a boiler or other equipment;

•
damage or disruptions caused by third parties operating on or adjacent to one of our manufacturing facilities;

•
disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels;

•
a widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis or any impacts related to government regulation as a result thereof;

•
failure of our third-party service providers and business partners to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities in a timely manner and in accordance with agreed upon terms;

•
labor difficulties; and

•
other operational problems.

Any such downtime or facility damage could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products and/or require us to make unplanned expenditures. If one of our machines or facilities were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and having a negative effect on our business and financial results.

WE MAY NOT ACHIEVE THE EXPECTED BENEFITS FROM STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS, JOINT VENTURES, DIVESTITURES, SPIN-OFFS, CAPITAL INVESTMENTS, CAPITAL PROJECTS AND OTHER CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS THAT WE HAVE PURSUED OR MAY PURSUE. 
 Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accomplish prudent acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, spin-offs, capital investments, capital projects, and other corporate transactions that we may pursue and to realize the benefits we expect from such transactions. Our expenditures for capital projects could be higher than we anticipate, we may experience unanticipated disruptions or delays in completing the projects and we may not achieve the desired benefits from those projects, including as a result of a deterioration in macroeconomic conditions in our business, unavailability of capital equipment or related materials, delays in obtaining permits or other requisite approvals or changes in laws and regulations. We are subject to the risk that we may not achieve the expected benefits from such transactions. This failure could require us to record an 

impairment charge for goodwill or other intangible assets, which could lead to decreased assets and reduced net earnings. Among the benefits we expect from potential as well as completed acquisitions and joint ventures are synergies, cost savings, growth opportunities and access to new markets (or a combination thereof), and in the case of divestitures, the realization of proceeds from the sale of businesses and assets to purchasers who place a higher strategic value on such businesses and assets than we do. 

Corporate transactions of this nature that we may pursue involve a number of special risks, including with respect to our inability to realize our business goals with such transactions as noted above, the focus of our management’s attention on these transactions and the assimilation of acquired businesses into our operations, the demands on our financial, operational and information technology systems resulting from acquired businesses, and the possibility that we may become responsible for substantial contingent or unanticipated legal liabilities as the result of acquisitions or other corporate transactions.

17

Table of Contents

Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our common stock. 

WE COULD BE EXPOSED TO LIABILITY FOR BRAZILIAN TAXES UNDER OUR AGREEMENTS WITH SYLVAMO CORPORATION. 
In connection with the spin-off of Sylvamo Corporation ("Sylvamo"), we previously entered into agreements with Sylvamo and its subsidiaries, including among others a tax matters agreement. Under the tax matters agreement, we could have significant payment obligations in connection with certain Brazilian tax matters. Under this agreement, we have agreed to pay 60% of the first $300 million of any liability resulting from the resolution of these Brazilian tax matters (with Sylvamo paying the remaining 40% of the first $300 million of any such liability) and 100% of any liability resulting from the Brazilian tax matters over $300 million. The assessments for the tax years 2007-2015 total approximately $119 million (adjusted for variation in currency exchange rates) in tax, plus interest, penalties, and fees. The interest, penalties, and fees currently total approximately $274 million (adjusted for variation in currency exchange rates), which reflects a recent law change pursuant to which the Brazil tax authority on January 16, 2024 agreed to cancel a portion of the interest, penalties, and fees. Accordingly, the assessments currently total approximately $393 million (adjusted for variation in currency exchange rates). See 
Note 14 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

 on pages 74 through 78 of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information

.

WE OPERATE IN A CHALLENGING MARKET FOR TALENT AND MAY FAIL TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, INCLUDING KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL.
 Our ability to operate and grow our business depends on our ability to attract and retain employees with the skills necessary to operate and maintain our facilities, produce our products and serve our customers. The market for both hourly workers and salaried workers continues to be competitive, particularly for employees with specialized technical and trade experience. This, along with the current competitive labor market and ongoing inflationary conditions, has led to higher labor costs, particularly at our converting facilities. Although our focused efforts to attract and retain employees, including by offering higher levels of compensation in certain instances, resulted in a decreased attrition rate in 2023 compared to the prior two years’ historically high attrition rates, recruiting and retaining talent (particularly those early in their careers) continues to be a challenge. In addition, we rely on key executive and management personnel to manage our business efficiently and effectively. The 

loss of key executive and management employees, particularly in a challenging market for attracting and retaining employees, could adversely affect our business.

Moreover, changing demographics and labor work force trends, including remote work and changing work-life balance expectations, may make it difficult for us to replace retiring or departing employees. If we fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, or if we continue to experience excessive turnover, we may continue to experience higher labor costs and labor shortages, and our business may be adversely impacted. 

In addition, a significant number of our employees are represented by unions. We may not be able to successfully negotiate new union contracts once our current contracts with unions expire without work stoppages or labor difficulties, or we may be unable to renegotiate such contracts on favorable terms. Negotiations between the company and USW regarding the mill master collective bargaining agreement (which expired August 2023) and related mill joint pension council master agreement (which expired September 2023) resulted in new agreements which will expire August 2027 and September 2027, respectively. Negotiations between the Company and USW regarding the converting master collective bargaining agreement (which expires April 2024) and related converting joint pension council master (which expires September 2024) are scheduled to begin on February 19, 2024. USW represents approximately 10,600 employees in our converting facilities. We have also experienced work stoppages in the past and may experience them in the future. Moreover, labor organizations may attempt to organize groups of additional employees from time to time, recent and potential changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so. If we experience any extended interruption of operations at any of our facilities as a result of strikes or other work stoppages or if unions are able to organize additional groups of our employees, our operating costs increase and our operational flexibility could be reduced.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO CYBERSECURITY AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RISKS RELATED TO BREACHES OF SECURITY PERTAINING TO SENSITIVE COMPANY, CUSTOMER, EMPLOYEE AND VENDOR INFORMATION AS WELL AS BREACHES IN THE TECHNOLOGY USED TO MANAGE OPERATIONS AND OTHER BUSINESS PROCESSES. 
Our business operations rely upon securely managed information technology systems, some of which are provided or managed by third parties, for data capture, processing, storage and reporting. We have invested in information technology security initiatives and risk management, as well as 

18

Table of Contents

incident response, business continuity and disaster recovery plans but we cannot eliminate all systematic or external risk. The development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring, testing and updating as technologies and processes change, and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Additionally, the regulatory environment surrounding information security data privacy and data protection is becoming increasingly restrictive and is evolving frequently.

The current cyber threat environment presents increased risk for all companies, including those in our industry. Like other global companies, our systems are subject to recurring attempts by third parties to access information, manipulate data or disrupt our operations. In this regard, we have experienced cyber threats and incidents, although none have materially affected us, including our results of operations or financial condition. Given the current cyber threat environment, we expect the volume and intensity of cybersecurity attacks and attempted intrusions to increase in the future. In addition, despite careful security and controls design, implementation, updating, monitoring and independent third-party verification, our information technology systems, and those of our third-party providers or joint venture partners, could be compromised or disrupted due to employee error or malfeasance, cyber-attacks, including ransomware, malware, phishing attacks, or data or security breaches by malicious actors such as common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations or social activist ("hacktivist") organizations, disruptions resulting from geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks or other catastrophic events. Such attacks are increasing in complexity, and the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks by making cyberattacks more difficult to detect, contain, and mitigate. Furthermore, the significant increase in remote working and personal device use increases the risks of cyber incidents and the improper dissemination of personal or confidential information. Moreover, hardware, software or applications we use may have inherent vulnerabilities or defects of design, manufacture or operations or could be inadvertently or intentionally implemented or used in a manner that could compromise information security. In addition, the cybersecurity-related threats that we face may remain undetected for an extended period of time. In the event that our information systems are disrupted or compromised, or the information systems of any businesses with which we interact, are disrupted or compromised, in a manner which impacts us or our information systems, as a result of any cybersecurity 

attack, data or security breach, or other security incident, any such developments could result in lost sales, business delays, negative publicity or reputational impact, and a loss of customer confidence, and have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results. Any such incident or breach could also result in operational or supply chain disruptions, data loss, corruption or manipulation, or information misappropriation including, but not limited to, interruption to systems availability, denial of access to and misuse of applications required by our customers to conduct business with us, the acquisition, use or disclosure of data or inability to access data, the release of confidential Information about our operations, and subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions. Further, in such event, access to applications required to plan our operations, source materials, manufacture and ship finished goods and account for orders could be denied or misused. Theft of intellectual property or trade secrets, and loss or inappropriate disclosure of confidential company, employee, customer or vendor information, could also stem from such incidents. Moreover, any significant cybersecurity event could require us to devote significant management time and resources in response to such event, interfere with the pursuit of other important business strategies and initiatives, and cause us to incur additional expenditures, which could be material, including to investigate and remediate such event, recover lost data, prevent future compromises and adapt systems and practices in response to such events. There is no 

assurance that any remedial actions will meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information systems, particularly because malicious actors are increasingly sophisticated and utilize tools and techniques specifically designed to circumvent security measures, avoid detection and obfuscate forensic evidence, which means we may be unable to identify, investigate or remediate effectively or in a timely manner.   Additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in connection with such incidents.

WE MAY BE UNABLE TO REALIZE THE EXPECTED BENEFITS AND COSTS SAVINGS ASSOCIATED WITH RESTRUCTURING INITIATIVES, INCLUDING OUR STRATEGIC ACTIONS ANNOUNCED IN OCTOBER 2023. 
We have restructured portions of our operations from time to time, have current restructuring initiatives taking place, and it is likely that we will engage in restructuring activities in the future. In particular, as previously disclosed in October 2023, the Company committed to certain strategic actions impacting its Containerboard and Global Cellulose Fibers businesses as further described below. Consistent 

19

Table of Contents

with this initiative, in December 2023, the Company permanently closed its containerboard mill in Orange, Texas and permanently ceased production on two of its pulp machines at its Riegelwood, North Carolina and Pensacola, Florida mills. The Company recorded charges associated with these actions during the three months ended December 31, 2023. See 
Note 6 - Restructuring and Other Charges, Net

 in 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 for additional information.

We may be unable to realize the expected benefits from the strategic actions described above and other restructuring initiatives which we may take. In particular, restructuring activities may divert the attention of management, disrupt our operations and fail to achieve the intended cost and operational benefits. In addition, because we are not able to predict or control market conditions, including changes in the supply and demand for our products, the prices for our products or our manufacturing costs, we may not be able to predict the appropriate time to undertake restructurings. Further, we may incur cash and non-cash charges in connection with restructuring activities, which may be material. Moreover, judgment is required to estimate restructuring charges, and these estimates, and the assumptions underlying them, may change as additional information becomes available or facts or circumstances related to restructuring initiatives change.

RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE COSTS

WE ARE SUBJECT TO A WIDE VARIETY OF LAWS, REGULATIONS AND OTHER GOVERNMENT REQUIREMENTS THAT MAY CHANGE IN SIGNIFICANT WAYS, AND THE COST OF COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS, OR THE FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS, COULD IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
 Our operations are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and other government requirements - including, among others, those relating to the environment, health and safety, labor and employment, data privacy, tax, trade and health care. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and government requirements will not be changed, applied or interpreted in ways that will require us to modify our operations and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, or subjecting us to increased costs. In addition, any failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or other government requirements could adversely affect our reputation, and financial results or result in, among other things, 

litigation, revocation of required licenses, internal investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability.

For example, as part of our business, we are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws governing the protection of the environment. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable and forthcoming environmental laws and regulations, including with respect to GHG emissions and other climate-related matters. Additionally, new environmental laws, regulations or other requirements to address GHG emissions or climate change may cause us to incur additional compliance costs, including costs that we are unable to predict at the current time. Moreover, there has historically been, and may continue to be, a lack of consistency between jurisdictions regarding legal requirements with respect to climate and GHG emission matters, which has created and may continue to create economic and regulatory uncertainty. Our environmental expenditures include, among other areas, those related to air and water quality, waste disposal and the cleanup of soil and groundwater, including situations where we have been identified as a potentially responsible party. Moreover, we may be directly impacted by, and are working to manage, the risks and costs to us, our customers and our vendors of the effects of climate change, GHGs, and the availability of energy and water resources. These risks include the potentially adverse impact on forestlands, which are a key resource in the production of our products, increased product costs and changes in the types of products that customers purchase. There can be no assurance that future remediation requirements and compliance with existing and new laws and requirements will not require significant expenditures, or that existing reserves for specific matters will be adequate to cover future costs. We could also incur substantial fines or sanctions, enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures), natural resource damages claims, cleanup and closure costs, third-party claims for property damage and personal injury and reputational harm as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws, regulations, codes and common law. The amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and, in some cases, liability may be imposed without regard to contribution or to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of hazardous substances.

Our global operations subject us to complex and evolving U.S and international data privacy laws and regulations, such as European’s Union General Data 

20

Table of Contents

Protection Regulation, China’s Personal Information Protection Law and comprehensive privacy laws in many states, including California, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, and Virginia. These laws impose a range of compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data. There are significant penalties for non-compliance including monetary fines, disruption of operations and reputational harm. Moreover, other states and governmental authorities around the world have introduced or passed, or are considering, similar legislation which may impose varying standards and requirements on our data collection, use and processing activities.

This increasingly restrictive and evolving regulatory environment at the international, federal and state level related to data privacy and data protection may continue to require changes to our business practices and give rise to significantly expanded compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. Moreover, many of these laws and regulations are subject to uncertain application, interpretation or enforcement standards that could result in claims, changes to our business practices, data processing and security systems, penalties, increased operating costs or other impacts on our businesses. Additionally, regulatory bodies and others tasked with enforcing privacy and data protection laws have been actively engaging in enforcement investigations and actions. These laws often provide for civil penalties for violations, as well as private rights of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. We proactively use internal and external resources to monitor compliance with relevant legislation and continually evaluate and, where necessary, modify our data processing practices and policies to comply with evolving privacy laws. Nevertheless, relevant regulatory authorities could determine that our data handling practices fail to address all the requirements of certain new laws, which could subject us to penalties and/or litigation. In addition, there is no assurance that our security controls over personal data, the training of employees and vendors on data privacy and data security, and the policies, procedures and practices we implemented or may implement in the future will prevent the improper handling of, disclosure of or access to personal data. Improper handling and disclosure of or access to personal data in violation of other data privacy and protection laws could harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to government enforcement actions (including fines), or result in private litigation against us, which could result in loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, all of which could negatively affect our business and operating results.

We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions, and changes in laws, regulation or interpretation of existing laws and regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we are subject to taxation, could increase our taxes and have an adverse effect on our financial results. For example, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ("OECD") has proposed a 15% global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis (the "Pillar Two rule"), and many countries (including countries in which we operate) have enacted or begun the process of enacting laws adopting the Pillar Two rule. The first component of the Pillar Two rule is expected to begin applying in 2024, with the second component expected to go into effect in 2025. While we do not currently expect the Pillar Two rule to have a material impact on our effective tax rate, our analysis is ongoing as the OECD continues to release guidance and as countries begin implementing legislation. Future developments could change our current assessment, and it is possible that the Pillar Two rule could adversely impact our effective tax rate in future periods.

In addition, the application of tax law is subject to interpretation and to audit by taxing authorities. Additionally, administrative guidance can be incomplete or vary from legislative intent, and therefore the application of the tax law is uncertain. While we believe the positions reported by the Company comply with relevant tax laws and regulations, taxing authorities could interpret our application of certain laws and regulations differently. We are currently subject to tax audits in the U.S. and other taxing jurisdictions around the world. In some cases, we have appealed, and may continue to appeal, assessments by taxing authorities in the court system. As such, tax controversy matters may result in previously unrecorded tax expenses, accelerated cash tax payments, higher future tax expenses, or the assessment of interest and penalties. 

As with many technological innovations, artificial intelligence (“AI”) presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. Uncertainty in the legal regulatory regime relating to artificial intelligence may require significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with U.S. and non-U.S. laws, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time. Several jurisdictions, including Europe, the U.S. federal government, and certain U.S. states, have already proposed or enacted laws, regulations, and other requirements governing AI. For example, on October 30, 2023, the Biden administration issued an Executive Order to, among other things, establish extensive new standards for AI safety and security. Other jurisdictions may decide to adopt similar or more restrictive requirements that may render the use 

21

Table of Contents

of AI challenging. These requirements may make it harder for us to conduct our business using AI, lead to regulatory fines or penalties, require us to change our business practices, or limit our use of AI. If our use of AI is restricted, our business may be less efficient, or we may be at a competitive disadvantage. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

RESULTS OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON OUR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS. 
We are a party to various legal, regulatory and governmental proceedings and other related matters, including with respect to environmental matters. In addition, we are and may become subject to other loss contingencies, both known and unknown, which may relate to past, present and future facts, events, circumstances and occurrences. Should an unfavorable outcome occur in connection with our legal, regulatory or governmental proceedings or other loss contingencies, or if we become subject to any such loss contingencies in the future, there could be a material adverse impact on our financial results. See 
Note 14 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

 on pages 74 through 78 of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 for further information. 

IF THE SPIN-OFF OF SYLVAMO CORPORATION WERE TO FAIL TO QUALIFY FOR NON-RECOGNITION TREATMENT FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES, THEN INTERNATIONAL PAPER AND OUR SHAREHOLDERS MAY BE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXES. 
 The Company received an opinion of tax counsel and a private letter ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) regarding the qualification of the spin-off of Sylvamo and certain related transactions as a transaction that is generally tax-free to Sylvamo, the Company and the shareholders of the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A tax opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. In addition, the Company’s tax counsel and the IRS relied on certain representations and covenants delivered by the Company and Sylvamo in rendering such opinion and private letter ruling. If any of the representations or covenants relied upon for the tax opinion or private letter ruling become inaccurate, incomplete or not complied with by the Company, Sylvamo or any of their respective subsidiaries, the tax opinion may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. 

If the IRS ultimately determines that the spin-off is taxable, then the spin-off could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain to the Company’s 

shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the Company could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. These income tax liabilities may be indemnifiable by Sylvamo pursuant to a tax matters agreement between the Company and Sylvamo. However, there can be no assurance that Sylvamo would have adequate resources or liquidity if it were required to indemnify the Company for any such tax liability.

Even if the spin-off otherwise qualifies for non-recognition of gain or loss under Section 355 of the U.S. Tax Code, the spin-off may be taxable to the Company (but not the shareholders of the Company) pursuant to Section 355(e) of the Code if there is a 50% or more (by vote or value) change in ownership of either the Company or Sylvamo, directly or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the spin-off. For this purpose, any acquisitions of the Company’s or Sylvamo's common stock within two years before or after the spin-off are presumed to be part of such a plan, although the Company or Sylvamo may be able to rebut that presumption based on either applicable facts and circumstances or a “safe harbor” described in the U.S. tax regulations.