, in this report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we undertake no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events.

Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following:

•
the effects of a challenging economy on the demand for our advertising and marketing services, on our clients’ financial condition and on our business or financial condition;

•
the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including unanticipated developments like the emergence of new coronavirus variants or any shortfalls in vaccination efforts, and associated mitigation measures such as social distancing efforts and restrictions on businesses, social activities and travel on the economy, our clients and demand for our services, which may precipitate or exacerbate other risks and uncertainties;

•
our ability to attract new clients and retain existing clients;

•
our ability to retain and attract key employees;

•
risks associated with assumptions we make in connection with our critical accounting estimates, including changes in assumptions associated with any effects of a challenging economy;

•
potential adverse effects if we are required to recognize impairment charges or other adverse accounting-related developments;

•
risks associated with the effects of global, national and regional economic and political conditions, including counterparty risks and fluctuations in interest rates, inflation rates and currency exchange rates;

•
developments from changes in the regulatory and legal environment for advertising and marketing services companies around the world, including laws and regulations related to data protection and consumer privacy;

•
the impact on our operations of general or directed cybersecurity events; and

•
failure to fully realize the anticipated benefits of our 2020 restructuring actions and other cost-saving initiatives.

Investors should carefully consider these factors and the additional risk factors outlined in more detail under Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
, in this report.

1

Table of Contents

PART I

Item 1.

Business

The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. ("Interpublic," the "Company," "IPG," "we," "us" or "our") was incorporated in Delaware in September 1930 under the name of McCann-Erickson Incorporated as the successor to the advertising agency businesses founded in 1902 by A.W. Erickson and in 1911 by Harrison K. McCann. The Company has operated under the Interpublic name since January 1961.

About Us

We are one of the world’s premier global advertising and marketing services companies. With approximat
ely 55,600 
employees and operations in all major world markets, our companies specialize in consumer advertising, digital marketing, communications planning and media buying, public relations, specialized communications disciplines and data management. Our agencies create customized marketing solutions for clients that range in scale from large global marketers to regional and local clients. Comprehensive global services are critical to effectively serve our multinational and local clients in markets throughout the world as they seek to build brands, increase sales of their products and services, and gain market share.

The work we produce for our clients is specific to their unique needs. Our solutions vary from project-based activity involving one agency to long-term, fully integrated campaigns created by multiple IPG agencies working together. With operations in over 100 countries, we can operate in a single region or deliver global integrated programs.

The role of our holding company is to provide resources and support to ensure that our agencies can best meet clients’ needs and to facilitate collaborative client service among our agencies. Based in New York City, our holding company sets company-wide financial objectives and corporate strategy, establishes financial management and operational controls, guides personnel policy, directs collaborative inter-agency programs, conducts investor relations, manages environmental, social and governance (ESG) programs, provides enterprise risk management and oversees mergers and acquisitions. In addition, we provide certain centralized functional services that offer our companies operational efficiencies, including accounting and finance, executive compensation management and recruitment assistance, employee benefits, marketing information retrieval and analysis, internal audit, legal services, real estate expertise and travel services.

Our Brands

Interpublic is home to some of the world’s best-known and most innovative communications specialists. We have three global creative networks: McCann Worldgroup, Foote, Cone & Belding ("FCB") and MullenLowe Group, which provide integrated, large-scale advertising and marketing solutions for clients. Our Media, Data and Technology offerings are comprised of Mediabrands' global media services, Acxiom's data and technology capabilities, Kinesso's data-driven marketing solutions, and Matterkind, an innovative media investment offering. We also have a range of best-in-class global specialized communications assets as well as premier domestic integrated and global digital agencies that are industry leaders.

•
Media, Data and Technology offerings provide strategic media planning and buying services as well as data management and leading marketing technology services. Our media services agencies manage tens of billions of dollars in marketing investment on behalf of their clients, providing strategic counsel and advisory services to navigate the fast-evolving consumer and media landscape. Full-service global media agencies within the Mediabrands network include UM and Initiative. Additional leading brands and specialist business units include IPG Media Lab, MAGNA, Orion Holdings, Rapport and Reprise. Media solutions are developed and executed through integrated, data-driven marketing strategies. Acxiom, which IPG acquired in 2018, provides the data foundation for many of the world’s largest and most sophisticated marketers. Acxiom's solutions help clients organize, cleanse and store data in a responsible and ethical manner and enhance our ability to provide data-driven marketing insights to our clients. Kinesso, the marketing technology company IPG launched in October 2019, provides the tools and services required to help marketers make traditional and addressable media activation faster, better and more effective through the use of data. In May 2020, we launched Matterkind, an innovative offering that optimizes client media investment, holistically and in real time, across all addressable media channels.

•
McCann Worldgroup is a leading global marketing solutions network united across 100+ countries by a single vision: to help brands play a meaningful role in people's lives. 
The network is comprised of McCann (advertising), MRM (science/technology/relationship marketing), Momentum W
orldwide (total brand experience), and CRAFT (production). McCann is aligned with our marketing services agencies including Weber Shandwick (public relations) and FutureBrand (consulting/design).

2

Table of Contents

•
FCB is a global marketing communications company, 
named the

Global Network of the Year at the Cannes Festival of Creativity in 2020/2021. Ba
sed on an understanding of diversified markets and cultures, FCB focuses on creating “Never Finished” ideas for clients that reflect each brand’s past and anticipate its future. FCB also offers a range of best-in-class, integrated and specialist marketing capabilities: shopper-first agency FCB/RED; experiential agency FCBX; production studios Lord + Thomas and FuelContent; CRM agency FCB/SIX; and digital agency New Honor Society.

•
Launched in 2021, IPG Health is home to FCB Health and McCann Health, two of the world’s most awarded health marketing agencies, and includes multiple specialized units. In aligning two of the industry’s more recognized agencies, each company is able to deliver a more comprehensive suite of services and comprehensive global reach to healthcare clients. IPG Health sits at the nexus of creativity, digital channels, technology, and data, ready to help clients accelerate their business and impact on lives around the world. The healthcare marketing agencies continue to partner with IPG’s global creative networks, as well as the broader portfolio of media and marketing services providers, using IPG’s collaborative open architecture model.

•
MullenLowe Group is a creatively driven integrated marketing communications network with a strong entrepreneurial heritage and challenger mentality. A global creative boutique of distinctive diverse agencies, MullenLowe Group is networked in more than 65 markets. Within the Group's distinctive hyperbundled-operating model, global specializations include expertise in brand strategy, and through-the-line advertising with MullenLowe; digital transformation with MullenLowe Profero; media and communications planning and buying with Mediahub; customer experience activation with MullenLowe Open; and consumer and corporate PR with MullenLowe PR and MullenLowe salt. The group is focused on delivering an “Unfair Share of Attention” for clients and is consistently ranked among the most awarded creative and effective agency networks in the wo
rld. Mediahub was named 
Ad Age
 Media Agency of the Year in 2020.

•
Our IPG DXTRA group is a global collective of 27 marketing specialty brands, anchored across Weber Shandwick, Golin, Octagon, Jack Morton and FutureBrand. IPG DXTRA companies bring together unique combinations of in-demand skills and expertise for clients, including experiential, public relations, crisis and issues management, sponsorships, innovation, brand, influencer, digital, social and analytics in categories as diverse as sports, healthcare, entertainment, CPG, luxury, tech and financial services. DXTRA has exceptional global marketing specialists across a range of disciplines, including industry-leading public relations agencies such as Weber Shandwick, Golin, DeVries Global, and Current Global have expertise in every significant area of communication management. Jack Morton is a global brand experience agency, and FutureBrand is a leading brand consultancy. Octagon is a global sports, entertainment and lifestyle marketing agency. 

•
Our domestic integrated independent and digital specialist agencies include some of advertising's most recognizable and storied agency brands, including Carmichael Lynch, Deutsch, Hill Holliday, Huge, and R/GA. The marketing programs created by these agencies incorporate all media channels, CRM, public relations and other digital marketing activities and have helped build some of the most powerful brands in the United States, across all sectors and industries.

We list approximately 100 of our companies on our website under the "Our Companies" section, with descriptions, capabilities and office locations for each. To learn more about our broad range of capabilities, visit our website at www.interpublic.com. Information on our website is not part of this report.

Market Strategy

We operate in a media, consumer and technology ecosystem that continues to evolve at a rapid pace. Media channels continue to fragment, and clients face an increasingly complex consumer environment. To stay ahead of these challenges and to achieve our objectives, we have made and continue to make investments in creative, strategic and technology talent in areas including fast-growth digital marketing channels, high-growth geographic regions and strategic world markets. In addition, we consistently review opportunities within our Company to enhance our operations through acquisitions and strategic alliances and internal programs that encourage intra-company collaboration. As appropriate, we also develop relationships with technology and emerging media companies that are building leading-edge marketing tools that complement our agencies' skill sets and capabilities.

In recent years, we have taken several major strategic steps to position our agencies as leaders in the global advertising and communications market. These include:

•
Investment in leading talent: 
We believe our continued ability to attract and develop top talent and to be the industry’s employer of choice for an increasingly diverse workforce have been key differentiators for IPG. We continue to acquire and develop top strategic, creative and digital talent from a range of backgrounds.

3

Table of Contents

•
Growing digital capabilities:
 Our investments in talent and technology - organically growing digital capabilities such as search, social, user experience (UX), content creation, analytics, and mobile across the portfolio - promise to drive further growth in this dynamic sector of our business. We continue to internationalize our powerful digital specialist agencies.

•
Data-fueled offerings:
 Media and marketing is increasingly centered around the ability to manage data to create deeper direct customer relationships. Acxiom provides the tools to help our clients connect with individual consumers at scale. Kinesso furthers this vision by bringing together top data and technology talent with addressable media experts to develop software that amplifies clients' marketing and leverages Acxiom’s assets and capabilities.

•
Investments in emerging and strategic markets:
 We strengthen our position in global markets by driving organic growth as well as completing strategic acquisitions.

•
Integrated marketing solutions:
 A differentiating aspect of our business is our utilization of “open architecture” solutions that integrate the best talent from throughout the organization to fulfill the needs of our clients.

Together, these steps have built a culture of strategic creativity and high performance across IPG. Despite the challenges faced by our industry, clients and workforce, in 2021, we once again delivered strong growth, maintaining our position as the growth leader over multi-year periods among global advertising and marketing companies. This result demonstrates the continued competitiveness of our offerings, the value of our long-term strategy, and the strength of our culture, which is especially significant during unprecedented times.

In 2021, IPG was named Holding Company of the Year at the NY Festivals Advertising Awards, Most Effective Holding Company at the U.S. Effie Awards, and Creative Holding Company of the Year at The One Club. In addition, IPG was included in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for a second year, and was named to the HRC Corporate Equality Index for the twelfth year.

Data-fueled Offerings

IPG has incorporated data expertise into the core of the Company, as reflected most clearly in our acquisition in 2018 and subsequent integration of Acxiom, a leading enterprise data management company. Understanding data and its power is critical to the current and future success of our Company and our clients. We believe an ethical and conscious approach to data that respects consumer privacy will continue to be crucial as we navigate increased regulation in the digital media space. 

Going forward, we intend to continue to enhance the technology layer within our offerings and to build tech-enabled marketing solutions, informed by a holistic understanding of audiences. This will allow us to deliver personalized user experiences and more accountable marketing for brands. Ultimately, our vision for IPG is to be a key partner in ensuring that clients’ businesses thrive in the digital economy.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

IPG and our agencies are committed to diversity and inclusion, and we reinforce these values through a comprehensive set of award-winning programs. These include business resource groups that develop career building programs, as well as training around topics like unconscious bias. We seek to ensure accountability by tying executive compensation directly to the ability of our leaders to hire, promote and retain diverse talent, and we regularly measure the inclusiveness of our culture with a company-wide climate for inclusion survey.

We began our formal programs over a decade ago. Since then, IPG has seen notable improvements in the diversity of our workforce, and further progress is a management priority. In 2020, IPG became the first advertising holding company to release race and gender composition of its leadership based on its EEO-1 report, and we released our updated report in 2021. We believe that an environment that encourages respect and trust is key to a creative business like ours, and that a competitive advantage comes with having a variety of perspectives and beliefs in our workforce.

Emerging Economies and Strategic Regions

We continue to invest and expand our presence in emerging and strategic geographic regions. Over the last decade, we have made significant investments in important developing markets such as Brazil, India and China, further strengthening our position in these important developing markets. Our operations in India, for example, are best-in-class, and we will continue to invest in partnerships and talent in this key market. We also hold a majority stake in the Middle East Communication Networks (“MCN”), among that region's premier marketing services companies. MCN is headquartered in Dubai, with offices across 12 countries. In China, where we operate with most of our global networks and across the full spectrum of marketing services, we continue to invest organically in the talent of our agency brands and opportunistically acquire specialty offerings. Additional 

4

Table of Contents

areas of investment include key strategic markets in North America, the United Kingdom, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Africa.

Acquisition Strategy

A disciplined acquisition strategy, focused on high-growth capabilities and regions of the world, is one component of growing our services in today's rapidly-changing marketing services and media landscape. When an outstanding resource or a strong tactical fit becomes available, we have been opportunistic over the years in making tuck-in, niche acquisitions that enhance our service offerings. 

In recent years, IPG has acquired agencies across the marketing spectrum, including firms specializing in data and tech, e-commerce, mobile marketing, social media, healthcare communications and public relations, as well as agencies with full-service capabilities. These acquired agencies have been integrated into one of our global networks or specialist agencies.

Our People

Because of the service character of our business, the quality of personnel is of crucial importance to our continuing success, and our employees, including creative, digital, research, media and account specialists, and their skills and relationships with clients, are among our most valuable assets. We conduct extensive employee training and development throughout our agencies and benchmark our compensation programs against those of our industry for their competitiveness and effectiveness in recruitment and retention. There is keen competition for qualified employees.

As of December 31, 2021, we employed approximately 55,600 people, of which approximately 23,300 were employed in the United States.

As of December 31, 2021

Total

55,600

Domestic

23,300

International

32,300

     United Kingdom

5,100

     Continental Europe

6,400

     Asia Pacific

9,900

     Latin America

6,700

     Other

4,200

We employ a balanced approach in managing our human capital resources. Depending on where a human-capital management function is most effective or efficient, processes are either managed at the holding company or designated to our operating units to adopt strategies appropriate for their client sector, workforce makeup, talent requirements and business demands. 

The holding company retains oversight of all human capital resources and activities, setting standards and providing support and policy guidance and sharing programs. At the corporate center, centralized human capital management processes include development of human resources governance and policy; executive compensation for senior leaders across the Company; benefits programs; succession planning focusing on the performance, development and retention of the Company’s senior-most executives and key roles in the operating units; and executive development.

IPG sets specific standards for human capital management and, on a yearly basis, assesses each operating unit’s performance in managing and developing its workforce. We undertake human capital initiatives with an aim of ensuring that employees have the high level of competence and commitment our businesses need to succeed. We formally assess our operating units against their efforts in the areas of people development, diversity and inclusion, performance management, talent acquisition and organization development in order to drive or support the units’ strategic business and growth goals. Accordingly, the operating units create and deploy skills-training programs, management training, employee goal-setting and feedback platforms, applicant-tracking systems, new-employee onboarding processes, and other programs intended to enhance the performance and engagement of the workforce.

As discussed above under 
Market Strategy — Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
, diversity, equity and inclusion are essential priorities for IPG. Our goal is that our talent represents the diversity of our communities and consumers, with a corporate culture that drives belonging, well-being and growth. We believe that such a workplace will enable us to provide cultural insights to help our clients make authentic and responsible connections with their customers. The programs we provide in support of diversity, equity and inclusion include events, training and curated and bespoke content, research and tools, to foster 

5

Table of Contents

awareness and action on an array of critical issues that we believe are vital for the recruitment, retention, advancement, well-being and belonging for people who are part of under-represented groups. We also foster business resource groups that offer programs on all facets of diversity and inclusion in support of specific communities of employees. 

Environmental Sustainability Initiatives

Interpublic is committed to operating sustainably. On the environmental front, this commitment includes measuring our carbon footprint and working toward limiting that footprint. We plan to continue to report regularly on our greenhouse gas emissions, eliminate as much carbon as possible from our operations and offset emissions where we cannot eliminate them. 

To further its environmental goals, the Company plans to limit carbon emissions and manage water usage and reduce waste by focusing on several areas:

•
using energy and water more efficiently, 

•
managing travel efficiently, 

•
employing green building practices in our real estate holdings, 

•
tracking progress on sustainability metrics, and 

•
expanding recycling programs. 

In June 2021, Interpublic announced that as part of its commitment to environmental sustainability, the Company is moving forward on an ambitious climate action plan that consists of three simultaneous quantitative goals:

•
Science-Based Targets: The Company committed to set an emissions reduction target in line with limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius through the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). This commitment also makes Interpublic a signatory to the Business Ambition for 1.5°C and a member of the United Nations-backed Race to Zero campaign.

•
Renewable Electricity: The Company also committed to sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2030 for its entire portfolio.

•
Net-Zero Carbon Emissions: Additionally, the Company formally joined The Climate Pledge, a commitment to reaching net-zero carbon across our business by 2040.

As part of our sustainability efforts and to record our commitments and progress, we currently report annually on our energy use and greenhouse gas emissions, which we began measuring in 2015, with an eye toward reducing both, into several platforms, including the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”), the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”).

In our 2020 GRI report, IPG, for the first time, reported the operational emissions (scope one and scope two emissions) across its entire global portfolio. In 2021, we expanded our assessment of and reporting on scope three emissions to account for and work on reducing impacts throughout the Company’s entire value chain. 

We have responded to the annual CDP Climate Change survey for over a decade. In 2021, we published our first SASB report in alignment with SASB’s Advertising & Marketing Sustainability Accounting Standard.

As part of its sustainability efforts, IPG supports numerous community-based organizations and is actively involved in partnerships that bring together companies to advance diversity, equity and inclusion, and climate action. Among these, IPG is a founding member of AdGreen, a trade organization with a goal of supporting the advertising industry as it moves toward a net-zero carbon future for advertising production. We are also an active supporter of the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), 17 global goals adopted by the United Nations General Assembly as part of its 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. We have specifically adopted SDG #6: Access to water and sanitation for all.

In recognition of our commitment to and implementation of sustainable business practices, IPG is listed on several ESG-related indices. For the second year, IPG has been included on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America. The DJSI North America scores and ranks the ESG performance of the 600 largest U.S. and Canadian companies; the top 20% of sustainability performers are listed on the Index. IPG is the only advertising holding company on the Index. IPG was also listed on the S&P 500 ESG and the S&P Global 1200 ESG, two S&P indices that recognize companies’ work in the ESG space. The Company is also included on the FTSE4Good Index, which identifies companies that demonstrate strong ESG practices measured against international standards.

Our latest GRI report, SASB report and CDP response are available on the “Sustainability Reporting and Disclosures” page of our website, www.interpublic.com. Information on our website is not part of this report.

Impact of COVID-19

6

Table of Contents

In March 2020, the World Health Organization categorized the disease caused by the novel coronavirus ("COVID-19") as a pandemic, and it continues to spread extensively throughout the United States and the rest of the world, particularly in recent months with the impact of the Omicron variant of the COVID-19 virus identified in the fourth quarter of 2021. The outbreak of COVID-19 and public and private sector measures to reduce its transmission, such as business closures and limits on operations, the adoption of social distancing measures and public and private mandates to work-from-home, stay-at-home and shelter-in-place, in particular in the early months of the pandemic, adversely impacted our business and demand for our services as some businesses adjusted, reduced or suspended operating activities, which negatively impacted the markets we serve and our results of operations, cash flows and financial position throughout 2020. In 2021, despite the economic and health impacts from the spread of the Delta and Omicron variants of the COVID-19 virus, we positively benefited from the effects of robust economic recovery in many of our principal markets as vaccination efforts took hold and the overall public health situation improved in many markets. We continue to believe that our focus on our strategic strengths, which include talent, our differentiated go-to-market strategy, data management capabilities, and the relevance of our offerings, position us well to navigate a rapidly changing marketplace. The future course of the pandemic is unpredictable, and the extent of its impact on our business will vary depending on the duration and severity of the continuing economic and operational impacts of COVID-19. The impact of the variants identified in 2021 and the pace of improvements in health and economic conditions has not been uniform across all geographies and could be threatened by such factors as the continued spread of the Omicron or other variants to the COVID-19 virus and limitations on the effectiveness of mass vaccination and other public health efforts to mitigate the impact of the pandemic.

At the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we responded swiftly in support of our people, our clients and our communities. To protect our employees, and to do our part in stopping the spread of COVID-19, within days, 95 percent of our global workforce had moved to a remote work environment. Prior to the rapid spread of the Omicron variant in the fourth quarter of 2021, a significant portion of our workforce had begun to return to the office at least part of the time, although much of our worldwide workforce continues to work from home. We recognized the importance of regular communication to reassure employees and to keep them updated on our plans as the pandemic continues to unfold. We have adopted an approach of “organized flexibility” and continue to adjust our policies and practices to facilitate the new working environments and take into account the need of many employees to work during non-traditional hours and juggle home lives and work responsibilities.

We believe we have had significant success in maintaining and continuing to advance the quality of our services notwithstanding extensive changes required by the pandemic. With respect to managing costs, we undertook multiple initiatives to align our expenses with changes in revenue. The steps we took in 2020 across our agencies and corporate group included deferred merit increases, freezes on hiring and temporary labor, major cuts in non-essential spending, staff reductions and furloughs and salary reductions, including voluntary salary reductions for our senior corporate management team. These actions were discontinued in 2021 as revenue growth returned.

In 2020, the Company also took restructuring actions to lower our operating expenses structurally and permanently relative to revenue and to accelerate the transformation of our business. Most of these actions were based on our experience and learning in the COVID-19 pandemic and a resulting review of our operations. Notably, we foresee a greater role for work-from-home in a hybrid office-home model to deliver and support our services in a post-COVID world.

We discuss these restructuring actions as well as steps to strengthen our financial position that we undertook in 2020 in more detail in Item 7, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 (“MD&A”).

Financial Objectives

Our financial goals include competitive organic net revenue growth and expansion of Adjusted EBITA margin, as defined and discussed within the 
Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
section of the MD&A, which we expect will further strengthen our balance sheet and total liquidity and increase value to our shareholders. Accordingly, we remain focused on meeting the evolving needs of our clients while concurrently managing our cost structure. Our disciplined approach to our balance sheet and liquidity provides us with a solid financial foundation and financial flexibility to manage and grow our business. We believe that our strategy and execution position us to meet our financial goals and to deliver long-term value to all of our shareholders.

Financial Reporting Segments

We have two reportable segments, which are Integrated Agency Networks (“IAN”) and IPG DXTRA. IAN is comprised of McCann Worldgroup, FCB, MullenLowe Group, Media, Data Services and Tech which includes Mediabrands, Acxiom, Kinesso and Matterkind, our digital specialist agencies and our domestic integrated agencies. IPG DXTRA is comprised of a number of our specialist marketing services offerings in public relations, sports and experiential marketing and branding. We also report results for the “Corporate and other” group. See Note 15 in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
, for further information.

7

Table of Contents

Effective January 1, 2022, the Company completed a managerial and operational review and has undertaken several organizational initiatives. As a result of these modifications, we will be changing our reportable segments beginning with our Form 10-Q filing for the first quarter of fiscal 2022 to include three reportable segments. Prior period segment information will be recast to reflect our new reportable segments. Our new reportable segment disclosures will reflect our revised organizational alignment as well as the manner in which we will manage our business.

Sources of Revenue

Our revenues are primarily derived from the planning and execution of multi-channel advertising, marketing and communications programs around the world. Our revenues are directly dependent upon the advertising, marketing and corporate communications requirements of our existing clients and our ability to win new clients. Most of our client contracts are individually negotiated, and, accordingly, the terms of client engagements and the bases on which we earn commissions and fees vary significantly. As is customary in the industry, our contracts generally provide for termination by either party on relatively short notice, usually 30 to 90 days, although our data management contracts typically have non-cancelable terms of more than one year.

Revenues for the creation and production of advertising or the planning and placement of media are determined primarily on a negotiated fee basis and, to a lesser extent, on a commission basis. Fees are usually calculated to reflect hourly rates plus proportional overhead and a mark-up. Many clients include an incentive compensation component in their total compensation package. This provides added revenue based on achieving mutually agreed-upon qualitative or quantitative metrics within specified time periods. Commissions are earned based on services provided. 

We also generate revenue from data and technology offerings and in negotiated fees from our public relations, sales promotion, experiential marketing, sports and entertainment marketing, and corporate and brand identity services.

In most of our businesses, our agencies enter into commitments to pay production and media costs on behalf of clients, as is customary in the advertising and marketing industries. To the extent possible, we pay production and media charges after we have received funds from our clients, and in some instances we agree with the provider that we will only be liable to pay the production and media costs after the client has paid us for the charges. Generally, we act as the client’s agent rather than the primary obligor in these arrangements.

Our revenue is typically lowest in the first quarter and highest in the fourth quarter. 

Consolidated Total Revenues for the Three Months Ended

2021

2020

2019

(Amounts in Millions)

% of Total

% of Total

% of Total

March 31

$

2,257.0 

22.0%

$

2,359.8 

26.0%

$

2,361.2 

23.0%

June 30

2,509.6 

24.6%

2,025.7 

22.4%

2,520.2 

24.7%

September 30

2,542.0 

24.8%

2,125.5 

23.5%

2,438.1 

23.9%

December 31

2,932.1 

28.6%

2,550.0 

28.1%

2,901.8 

28.4%

$

10,240.7 

$

9,061.0 

$

10,221.3 

Clients

Our large and diverse client base includes many of the most recognizable companies and brands throughout the world. Our holding company structure allows us to maintain a diversified client base across and within a full range of industry sectors. In the aggregate, our top ten clients based on net revenue accounted for approximately 20% of net revenue in 2021 and 20% in 2020. Our largest client accounted for approximately 4% and 3% of net revenue in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Based on net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021, our largest client sectors (in alphabetical order) were financial services, healthcare, and technology and telecom. We represent several different clients, brands or divisions within each of these sectors in a number of geographic markets, as well as provide services across multiple advertising and marketing disciplines, in each case through more than one of our agency brands. Representation of a client rarely means that we handle advertising for all brands or product lines of the client in all geographical locations. Any client may transfer its business from one of our agencies to another one of our agencies or to a competing agency, and a client may change its marketing budget at any time.

We operate in a highly competitive advertising and marketing communications industry. Our operating companies compete against other large multinational advertising and marketing communications companies as well as numerous independent and niche agencies and new forms of market participants to win new clients and maintain existing client relationships.

Regulatory Environment

The advertising and marketing services that our agencies provide are subject to governmental regulation and other action in all of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. While these governmental regulations and other actions can impact the 

8

Table of Contents

Company’s operations, the specific marketing regulations we may face in a given market do not as a general matter significantly impact the Company’s overall service offerings or the nature in which we provide these services.

Governments, government agencies and industry self-regulatory bodies have adopted laws, regulations and standards, and judicial bodies have issued rulings, that directly or indirectly affect the form and content of advertising, public relations and other marketing activities we produce or conduct on behalf of our clients. These laws, regulations and other actions include content-related rules with respect to specific products and services, restrictions on media scheduling and placement, required disclosures regarding influencers and other endorsers and labeling or warning requirements with respect to certain products, for example pharmaceuticals, alcoholic beverages, tobacco products, and food and nutritional supplements. We are also subject to rules related to marketing directed to certain groups, such as children.

Digital marketing services are a dynamic and growing sector of our business. Our service offerings in this area are covered by laws and regulations concerning user privacy, use of personal information, data protection and online tracking technologies. We are also subject to laws and regulations that govern whether and how we can transfer, process or receive certain data that we use in our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate. While we maintain policies and operational procedures to promote effective privacy protection and data management, existing and proposed laws and regulations in this area, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in the European Union, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), the Colorado Privacy Act and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act in the United States and other different forms of privacy legislation enacted or under consideration across the markets in which we operate, can impact the development, efficacy and profitability of internet-based and other digital marketing. Limitations on the scheduling, content or delivery of direct marketing activities can likewise impact the activities of our agencies offering those services.

With agencies and clients located in over 100 countries worldwide, we are also subject to laws governing our international operations. These include broad anti-corruption laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and the U.K. Bribery Act (2010), which generally prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to government officials and political figures. Export controls and economic sanctions regimes, such as those maintained by the U.S. government and comparable ones by the U.K., the member states of the European Union and the U.N., impose limitations on the Company’s ability to operate in certain geographic regions or to seek or service certain potential clients. Likewise, our Treasury operations must comply with exchange controls, restrictions on currency repatriation and the control requirements of applicable anti-money-laundering statutes.

Available Information

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports are available, free of charge, on our website at www.interpublic.com under the "For Investors" section, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") at www.sec.gov.

Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Interpublic Group Code of Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct and the charters for each of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Leadership Talent Committee, and Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Committee are available, free of charge, on our website at www.interpublic.com in the "Corporate Governance" subsection of the "About" section. Information on our website is not part of this report.

9

Table of Contents

Executive Officers of IPG

Name

Age

Office

Philippe Krakowsky

59

Chief Executive Officer

Ellen Johnson

56

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Andrew Bonzani

58

Executive Vice President and General Counsel

Christopher F. Carroll

55

Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer

There is no family relationship among any of the executive officers.

Mr. Krakowsky
 is Chief Executive Officer of IPG, a role he assumed on January 1, 2021. He is also a member of IPG’s Board of Directors. Prior to being named IPG's CEO, Mr. Krakowsky served as the company’s Chief Operating Officer beginning in September 2019, managing business operations across Interpublic, with direct oversight of IPG’s independent companies including Carmichael Lynch, Deutsch, Hill Holliday, Huge and R/GA and IPG's Media, Data and Technology offerings including IPG Mediabrands, Acxiom, Kinesso and Matterkind. During that time, Mr. Krakowsky was also Chairman of IPG Mediabrands. Over the course of his nearly two-decade tenure at IPG, Mr. Krakowsky has also led the strategy, talent, communications and business development functions for the holding company. Before taking on the COO role at IPG, Mr. Krakowsky spent a number of years as CEO of Mediabrands, leading the 10,500-person media investment unit, as well as served as interim-CEO of FCB. From February 2011 until assuming the role of COO, Mr. Krakowsky was also IPG’s Chief Strategy and Talent Officer, where he oversaw key functions that have been vital to the company’s development and growth.

Ms. Johnson
 became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective January 1, 2020. Prior to that time, Ms. Johnson served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer from February 2013 to December 31, 2020, and as Senior Vice President and Treasurer from October 2004 to February 2013. She served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of The Partnership, a division of IPG from May 2004 to October 2004, and prior to that, served as Assistant Treasurer, International from February 2000 to May 2004.

Mr. Bonzani 
was hired as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in April 2012. He was promoted to Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in February 2019 and now serves as Executive Vice President and General Counsel as of February 2021. Prior to joining IPG, Mr. Bonzani worked at IBM for 18 years, holding a number of positions in the legal department, most recently as Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Secretary from July 2008 to March 2012.

Mr. Carroll 
was named Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in April 2006. In 2017, Mr. Carroll assumed additional responsibilities as Chief Financial Officer for DXTRA. Mr. Carroll served as Senior Vice President and Controller of McCann Worldgroup from November 2005 to March 2006. Prior to joining us, Mr. Carroll served in various Chief Accounting Officer and Controller roles, as well as a Financial Vice President at Lucent Technologies, Inc. and began his professional career at PricewaterhouseCoopers from October 1991 to September 2000.

10

Table of Contents



We are subject to a variety of possible risks that could adversely impact our revenues, results of operations or financial condition. Some of these risks relate to general economic and financial conditions, while others are more specific to us and the industry in which we operate. The following factors set out potential risks we have identified that could adversely affect us. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently think are immaterial, could also have a negative impact on our business operations or financial condition. See also Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure.

Risks Related to the Global Market and the Economy

•
The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted and may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The continuing global reach of COVID-19, including the emergence of new variants of the virus, has created significant worldwide operational volatility, uncertainty and disruption. The COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted our business, financial condition and results of operations, particularly in the early months of the pandemic, and the extent of the continuing impact will depend on numerous evolving factors, which are highly uncertain, rapidly changing and unpredictable, including:

•
the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, including as new variants emerge and spread;

•
governmental, business and individual actions that may be taken in response to the outbreak, including travel restrictions, quarantines, social distancing, work-at-home, and stay-at-home mandates and business shut-downs;

•
the effectiveness and timing of COVID-19 vaccination campaigns, or any perceived limitations of or setbacks in these efforts;

•
the impact of the pandemic on the financial markets and economic activity generally;

•
the impact of the pandemic on labor costs and supply;

•
the effect of the pandemic on our clients and other business partners, including the impact of supply-chain disruptions;

•
our ability to access usual sources of liquidity on reasonable terms;

•
our ability to achieve the full benefits of the restructuring actions we took in 2020 and other cost-saving initiatives;

•
our ability during the pandemic to provide our services, including those related to the health and wellbeing of our employees; and

•
the ability of our clients to pay for our services during and following the pandemic if significant disruptions develop or continue.

The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased financial and economic volatility and uncertainty. Resulting downturns in the economy have had, and we expect will continue to have, a negative impact on many of our clients. Some clients, particularly in the early months of the pandemic, responded to weak or volatile economic and financial conditions by reducing their marketing budgets, thereby decreasing the market and demand for our services. In addition, many businesses adjusted, reduced or suspended operating activities, which negatively impacted certain of the markets or industries we serve. These patterns may recur in future periods, including as a result of pandemic developments such as the emergence of new virus variants that may be more transmissible, virulent or both. All of the foregoing has impacted, and will likely continue to impact, our business, financial condition, results of operations and forward-looking expectations. 

Furthermore, modified processes, procedures and controls have been required to respond to the changes in our business environment as the majority of our employees have continued to work from home. The significant increase in remote working of our employees may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including the increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of malicious technology-related events, such as cyberattacks and phishing attacks, and increased risk of improper dissemination of personal, proprietary or confidential information.

The potential effects of COVID-19 could also heighten the risks disclosed in many of our other risk factors that are included below, including as a result of, but not limited to, the factors listed above.

•
Our results of operations are highly susceptible to unfavorable economic conditions.

We are exposed to risks associated with weak or uncertain regional or global economic conditions and disruption in the financial markets. Following the severe downturn in most markets following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the global economy continues to be challenging. The recent emergence and spread of the Omicron variant of the COVID-19 coronavirus has negatively impacted economic growth prospects over upcoming periods. Economic downturns or uncertainty about the strength of the global economy generally, or economic conditions in certain regions or market sectors, and caution on the part of marketers, can have an effect on the demand for advertising and marketing communication services. In addition, 

11

Table of Contents

market conditions can be and have been adversely affected by natural and human disruptions, such as natural disasters, public health crises, severe weather events, military conflict or civil unrest. Our industry can be affected more severely than other sectors by an economic downturn and can recover more slowly than the economy in general. In the past, including in connection with the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, some clients have responded to weak economic and financial conditions by reducing their marketing budgets, which include discretionary components that are easier to reduce in the short term than other operating expenses. This pattern may recur in the future. Furthermore, unexpected revenue shortfalls can result in misalignments of costs and revenues, resulting in a negative impact to our operating margins. If our business is significantly adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions or other market disruptions that adversely affect client spending, the negative impact on our revenue could pose a challenge to our operating income and cash generation from operations.

Risks Related to Our Industry and Operations 

•
We operate in a highly competitive industry.

The advertising and marketing communications business is highly competitive and constantly changing. Our agencies and media services compete with other agencies and other providers of creative, marketing or media services to maintain existing client relationships and to win new business. Our competitors include not only other large multinational advertising and marketing communications companies, but also smaller entities that operate in local or regional markets as well as new forms of market participants. 

Competitive challenges also arise from rapidly-evolving and new technologies in the marketing and advertising space, creating opportunities for new and existing competitors and a need for continued significant investment in tools, technologies and process improvements. As data-driven marketing solutions become increasingly core to the success of our brands, any failure to keep up with rapidly changing technologies and standards in this space could harm our competitive position.

The client’s perception of the quality of our agencies’ creative work, its confidence in our ability to protect the confidentiality of their and their customers’ data and its relationships with key personnel at the Company or our agencies are important factors that affect our competitive position. An agency’s ability to serve clients, particularly large international clients, on a broad geographic basis and across a range of services and technologies may also be an important competitive consideration. On the other hand, because an agency’s principal asset is its people and freedom of entry into the industry is almost unlimited, our relationships with clients can be affected by the departure of key personnel and a small agency is, on occasion, able to take all or some portion of a client’s account from a much larger competitor.

•
Clients may terminate or reduce their relationships with us on short notice.

Many companies put their advertising and marketing communications business up for competitive review from time to time, and we have won and lost client accounts in the past as a result of such periodic competitions. Our clients may choose to terminate their contracts, or reduce their relationships with us, on a relatively short time frame and for any reason. A relatively small number of clients contribute a significant portion of our revenue. In the aggregate, our top ten clients based on net revenue accounted for approximately 20% of net revenue in 2021. A substantial decline in a large client’s advertising and marketing spending, or the loss of a significant part of its business, could have a material adverse effect upon our business and results of operations.

Our ability to attract new clients and to retain existing clients may also, in some cases, be limited by clients’ policies or perceptions about conflicts of interest, or our own exclusivity arrangements with certain clients. These policies can, in some cases, prevent one agency, or even different agencies under our ownership, from performing similar services for competing products or companies.

•
We may lose or fail to attract and retain key employees and management personnel.

Our employees, including creative, digital, research, media and account specialists, and their skills and relationships with clients, are among our most valuable assets. An important aspect of our competitiveness is our ability to identify and develop the appropriate talent and to attract and retain key employees and management personnel. Our ability to do so is influenced by a variety of factors, including the compensation we award and factors which may be beyond our control. The COVID-19 pandemic has been characterized by an increase in labor costs, disruptions and turnover. Changes to U.S. or other immigration policies or travel restrictions imposed as a result of public health, political or security concerns that restrain the flow of professional talent may inhibit our ability to staff our offices or projects. In addition, the advertising and marketing services industry is characterized by a high degree of employee mobility and significant use of third-party or temporary workers to staff new, growing or temporary assignments. If we were to fail to attract key personnel or lose them to competitors or clients, or fail to manage our workforce effectively, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

•
If our clients experience financial distress, or seek to change or delay payment terms, it could negatively affect our own financial position and results.

We have a large and diverse client base, and at any given time, one or more of our clients may experience financial difficulty, file for bankruptcy protection or go out of business. Unfavorable economic and financial conditions, such as those 

12

Table of Contents

resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, could result in an increase in client financial difficulties that affect us. The direct impact on us could include reduced revenues and write-offs of accounts receivable and expenditures billable to clients, and if these effects were severe, the indirect impact could include impairments of intangible assets, credit facility covenant violations and reduced liquidity.

Furthermore, in most of our businesses, our agencies enter into commitments to pay production and media costs on behalf of clients. The amounts involved substantially exceed our revenues and primarily affect the level of accounts receivable, expenditures billable to clients, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. To the extent possible, we pay production and media charges only after we have received funds from our clients. However, if clients are unable to pay for commitments that we have entered into on their behalf, or if clients seek to significantly delay or otherwise alter payment terms, there could be an adverse effect on our working capital, which would negatively impact our operating cash flow.

•
International business risks could adversely affect our operations.

We are a global business, with agencies operating in over 100 countries, including every significant world market. Operations outside the United States represent a significant portion of our net revenues, approximately 35% in 2021. These operations are exposed to risks that include local legislation, currency variation, exchange control restrictions, local labor and employment laws that hinder workforce flexibility, large-scale local or regional public health crises, and other difficult social, political or economic conditions. We also must comply with applicable U.S., local and other international anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act (2010), which can be comprehensive, complex and stringent, in all jurisdictions where we operate, certain of which present heightened compliance challenges. Export controls and economic sanctions, such as those maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, can impose limitations on our ability to operate in certain geographic regions or to seek or service certain potential clients. These restrictions can place us at a competitive disadvantage with respect to those competitors who may not be subject to comparable restrictions. Failure to comply or to implement business practices that sufficiently prevent corruption or violation of sanctions laws could result in significant remediation expense and expose us to significant civil and criminal penalties and reputational harm.

In addition, in developing countries or regions, we may face further risks, such as slower receipt of payments, nationalization, social and economic instability, currency repatriation restrictions and undeveloped or inconsistently enforced commercial laws. These risks may limit our ability to grow our business and effectively manage our operations in those countries.

•
We are subject to industry regulations and other legal or reputational risks that could restrict our activities or negatively impact our performance or financial condition.

Our industry is subject to government regulation and other governmental action, both domestic and foreign. Advertisers and consumer groups may challenge advertising through legislation, regulation, judicial actions or otherwise, for example on the grounds that the advertising is false and deceptive or injurious to public welfare. Our business is also subject to specific rules, prohibitions, media restrictions, labeling disclosures and warning requirements applicable to advertising for certain products. 

Existing and proposed laws and regulations, in particular in the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States, concerning user privacy, use and protection of personal information and on-line tracking technologies could affect the efficacy and profitability of internet-based, digital and targeted marketing. We are also subject to laws and regulations that govern whether and how we can transfer, process or receive certain data that we use in our operations. The European Union, for example, has recently tightened its rules on the transferability of data to the United States. Collection, processing, and storage of biometric identifiers has come under increasing regulation and is the subject of class action litigation. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations may increase in the future as a result of the implementation of new laws or regulations, such as the GDPR and the CCPA/CPRA, or changes in interpretations of current ones, such as the interpretation of existing consumer protection laws as imposing restrictions on the online collection, storage and use of personal data. Any failure on our part to comply with these legal requirements, or their application in an unanticipated manner, could harm our business and result in significant penalties or legal liability.

The imposition of restrictions on certain technologies by private market participants in response to privacy concerns could also have a negative impact on our digital business. If we are unable to transfer data between countries and regions in which we operate, or if we are prohibited from sharing data among our products and services, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services or adversely affect our financial results. 

Legislators, agencies and other governmental units may also continue to initiate proposals to ban the advertising of specific products, such as alcohol, tobacco or marijuana products, and to impose taxes on or deny deductions for advertising, which, if successful, may hinder our ability to accomplish our clients’ goals and have an adverse effect on advertising expenditures and, consequently, on our revenues or results. Governmental action, including judicial rulings, on the relative responsibilities of 

13

Table of Contents

clients and their marketing agencies for the content of their marketing can also impact our operations. Furthermore, we could suffer reputational risk as a result of governmental or legal action or from undertaking work that may be challenged by consumer groups or considered controversial, in poor taste or not conforming to contemporary social standards.

•
We rely extensively on information technology systems and could face cybersecurity risks.

We rely extensively and increasingly on information technologies and infrastructure to manage our business (including the digital storage of marketing strategies and client information), develop new business opportunities and digital products, and process business transactions. Our business operations depend on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and sensitive information over the internet and through interconnected systems. The incidence of malicious technology-related events, such as cyberattacks, computer hacking, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, phishing attacks and other attempts to gain access to confidential or personal data, denial of service or ransomware attacks or other malicious activities is on the rise worldwide and highlights the need for continual and effective cybersecurity awareness and education. We, our clients and our vendors are increasingly the target of hackers and other threat actors, denial of service attacks and malicious code, which can result in the unauthorized access, misuse, loss, or destruction of data (including confidential and sensitive data), unavailability of services and supply chain disruptions, or other adverse events. 

Our business, which increasingly involves the collection, use and transmission of customer data, may make us and our agencies attractive targets for malicious third-party attempts to access this data. Power outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities or human error may also affect our systems and result in disruption of our services or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. We utilize in-house and third-party services, including third-party “cloud” computing services, to perform key operational functions, including the storage, transfer or processing of data. System failures or network disruptions or breaches in such in-house or third-party systems could adversely affect our reputation or business. We maintain, and we require our third-party service providers to maintain, security controls designed to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and the confidential and sensitive information we maintain and process. Despite our best efforts, however, the threat landscape is constantly evolving. A cybersecurity incident or data breach affecting the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the information we process, our data systems, or those operated on our behalf by third-party service providers could adversely affect our ability to manage our risk exposure and could significantly harm our business. We operate in many respects on a decentralized basis, with a large number of agencies and legal entities, and the resulting size, diversity and disparity of our technology systems and complications in implementing standardized technologies and procedures could increase our potential vulnerability to such breakdowns, malicious intrusions or attacks.

Data privacy or cybersecurity breaches, as well as improper use of social media, by employees and others may pose a risk that sensitive data, such as personally identifiable information, strategic plans and trade secrets, could be exposed to third parties or to the general public. Any such breaches or breakdowns could result in a loss of our or our clients’ or vendors’ proprietary information, expose us to legal liability and be expensive to remedy. We consider the ethical treatment of data to be a business strength, and the damage to our reputation and business from any such breach could be significant and costly. Efforts to develop, implement and maintain security measures are costly, may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and cyberattack techniques change frequently, or are not recognized until successful and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. We operate worldwide, and the legal rules governing data transfers are often complex, conflicting, unclear or ever-changing. Increased privacy and cybersecurity requirements may increase our operating costs and negatively impact our business.

•
We face risks associated with our acquisitions and other investments.

We regularly undertake acquisitions and other investments that we believe will enhance our service offerings to our clients, such as our acquisition of Acxiom in 2018. These transactions can involve significant challenges and risks, including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or fails to produce a satisfactory return on our investment. Our customary business, legal and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved may be unsuccessful in ascertaining or evaluating all such risks. Though we typically structure our acquisitions to provide for future contingent purchase payments that are based on the future performance of the acquired entity, our forecasts of the investment’s future performance also factor into the initial consideration. When actual financial results differ, our returns on the investment could be adversely affected.

We may also experience difficulty integrating new employees, businesses, assets or systems into our organization, including with respect to our internal policies and required controls. We may face reputational and legal risks in situations where we have a significant minority investment but limited control over the investment's operations. Furthermore, it may take longer than anticipated to realize the expected benefits from these transactions, or those benefits may ultimately be smaller than anticipated or may not be realized at all. Talent is among our most valuable assets, and we also may not realize the intended benefits of a transaction if we fail to retain targeted personnel. Acquisition and integration activity may also divert management’s attention and other corporate resources from other business needs. If we fail to realize the intended advantages of 

14

Table of Contents

any given investment or acquisition, or if we do not identify or correctly measure the associated risks and liabilities, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.

•
The costs of compliance with sustainability or other environmental, social responsibility or governance (ESG) laws, regulations or policies, including investor and client-driven policies and standards, could adversely affect our business.

While as a non–location–specific, non–manufacturing service business we have to date been sheltered from or able to mitigate many direct impacts from climate change and related laws and regulations, we are nevertheless increasingly impacted by the effects of climate change and laws and regulations related to other ESG concerns. We could also incur related costs indirectly through our clients or investors. Increasingly our clients request that we comply with their own social responsibility, sustainability or other business policies or standards, which may be more restrictive than current laws and regulations, before they commence, or continue, doing business with us, and ESG issues are increasingly a focus of the investor community. In 2021, we committed to certain science-based emissions targets, the sourcing of 100% of our electricity needs from renewable sources by 2030 and the realization of net-zero carbon emissions by 2040. Some clients and investors may request that we commit to emissions targets and timeframes that may be more aggressive than the commitments we have already undertaken. Any setbacks in the feasibility or timing of the achievement of our commitments could result in reputational harm or damaged relationships with clients or consumers. The financial and operational costs of complying with ESG laws and regulations or achieving our ESG goals and related certification requirements could grow significantly in future years. If large shareholders were to reduce their ownership stakes in our Company as a result of dissatisfaction with our policies or efforts in this area, there could be negative impact on our stock price, and we could also suffer reputational harm. Further, if clients’ costs are adversely affected by climate change or related laws and regulations, this could negatively impact their spending on our advertising and marketing services. We could also face increased prices from our own suppliers that face climate change-related and other ESG costs and seek to pass on their increased costs to their customers.

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Results

•
Our financial condition could be adversely affected if our available liquidity is insufficient.

Agency operating cash flows have a significant impact on our liquidity, and we maintain a commercial paper program, a committed corporate credit facility and uncommitted lines of credit to increase flexibility in support of our operating needs. If any of these sources were unavailable or insufficient, our liquidity and ability to adequately fund our operations could be adversely affected, and we could be required to refinance, restructure or otherwise amend some or all of our obligations, sell assets or raise additional cash in the capital markets, and there could be a negative impact on our credit ratings. We cannot assure you that we would be able to access any new sources of liquidity, including in the capital markets, on commercially reasonable terms or at all or, if accomplished, that we would raise sufficient funds to meet our needs.

Under our commercial paper program, we are authorized to issue short-term debt up to an aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $1.5 billion, which we use for working capital and general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the commercial paper program are supported by our $1.5 billion committed corporate credit facility (the “Credit Agreement”). If credit under the Credit Agreement or our ability to access the commercial paper market were unavailable or insufficient, our liquidity could be adversely affected.

The Credit Agreement contains a leverage ratio and other, non-financial, covenants, and events like a material economic downturn could adversely affect our ability to comply with them. For example, compliance with the financial covenant would be more difficult to achieve if we were to experience increased indebtedness or substantially lower revenues, including as a result of economic downturns, client losses or a substantial increase in client defaults. If we were unable to comply with any of the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement, we could be required to seek an amendment or waiver from our lenders, and our costs under these agreements could increase. If we were unable to obtain a necessary amendment or waiver, the Credit Agreement could be terminated, any outstanding amounts could be subject to acceleration, and we could lose access to certain uncommitted financing arrangements and commercial paper.

For further discussion of our liquidity profile and outlook, see 
Liquidity and Capital Resources
 in Part II, Item 7, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
.

•
Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect us.

Because ratings are an important factor influencing our ability to access capital and the terms of any new indebtedness, including covenants and interest rates, we could be adversely affected if our credit ratings were downgraded or if they were significantly weaker than those of our competitors. Our access to the commercial paper market is contingent on our maintenance of sufficient short-term debt ratings, and any downgrades to those ratings could increase our borrowing costs and reduce the market capacity for, or our ability to issue, commercial paper. Our clients and vendors may also consider our credit profile when negotiating contract terms, and if they were to change the terms on which they deal with us, it could have an adverse effect on our liquidity.

15

Table of Contents

•
Our earnings would be adversely affected if we were required to recognize asset impairment charges or increase our deferred tax valuation allowances.

We evaluate all of our long-lived assets (including goodwill, other intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets), investments and deferred tax assets for possible impairment or realizability annually or whenever there is an indication that they are impaired or not realizable. If certain criteria are met, we are required to record an impairment charge or valuation allowance.

As of December 31, 2021, we had substantial amounts of long-lived assets, deferred tax assets and investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, including approximately $4.9 billion of goodwill. Future events, including our financial performance, market valuation of us or market multiples of comparable companies, loss of a significant client’s business or strategic decisions, could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that the asset values associated with long-lived assets, deferred tax assets and investments may have become impaired. Any significant impairment loss would have an adverse impact on our reported earnings in the period in which the charge is recognized. For further discussion of goodwill and other intangible assets, as well as our sensitivity analysis of our valuation of these assets, see 
Critical Accounting Estimates
 in Part II, Item 7, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
.

•
Our financial results are exposed to exchange rate risk.

 Because a significant portion of our business is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, such as the Argentine Peso, Brazilian Real, Japanese Yen and Columbian Peso fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and such currencies may adversely affect our financial results.

•
We may not be able to meet our performance targets and milestones.

From time to time, we communicate to the public certain targets and milestones for our financial and operating performance that are intended to provide metrics against which to evaluate our performance. They should not be understood as predictions or guidance about our expected performance. Our ability to meet any target or milestone is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, and we caution investors against placing undue reliance on them. See 
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure
.

16

Table of Contents