, in this report.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Information regarding our Annual Report on
Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on
Form 
10-Q, current
reports on
Form 
8-K, and any
amendments to these reports, will be made available, free of
charge, at our website at http://www.interpublic.com, as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports
with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Any document that we file
with the SEC may also be read and copied at the SEC’s
Public Reference Room located at Room 1580, 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC at

1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference room. Our filings
are also available to the public from the SEC’s website at
http://www.sec.gov, and at the offices of the New York Stock
Exchange (“NYSE”). For further information on
obtaining copies of our public filings at the NYSE, please call
(212) 656-5060.

Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct and each of
the charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and
the Corporate Governance Committee are available free of charge
on our website at http://www.interpublic.com, or by writing to
The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc., 1114 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, New York 10036, Attention: Secretary.

ii

Table of Contents

PART I

 Item 1.

 Business

The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. was incorporated in
Delaware in September 1930 under the name of McCann-Erickson
Incorporated as the successor to the advertising agency
businesses founded in 1902 by A.W. Erickson and in 1911 by
Harrison K. McCann. The Company has operated under the
Interpublic name since January 1961.

Our Client Offerings

The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc., together with its
subsidiaries (the “Company”, “Interpublic”,
“we”, “us” or “our”), is one of
the world’s largest advertising and marketing services
companies, comprised of hundreds of communication agencies
around the world that deliver custom marketing solutions on
behalf of our clients. Our agencies cover the spectrum of
marketing disciplines and specialties, from traditional services
such as consumer advertising and direct marketing, to services
such as experiential marketing and branded entertainment. With
offices in over 100 countries and approximately 43,000
employees, our agencies work with our clients to create global
and local marketing campaigns. These marketing programs seek to
build brands, influence consumer behavior and sell products.

To meet the challenge of an increasingly complex consumer
culture, we create customized marketing solutions for each of
our clients. Engagements between clients and agencies fall into
five basic categories, or models. In the single-discipline
model, clients work directly with one agency in one
discipline. The 
project collaboration model is employed
when sister agencies are brought in on a project basis as a
client’s needs expand. In the 
integrated
agency-of-record
model
, a multi-disciplinary agency provides a fuller range
of marketing services for a client. The 
lead company model
is applied when a lead agency manages the work at several of
our agencies. Finally, in the 
virtual network model,
clients have a representative at the holding company level to
oversee the fullest range of our marketing spectrum.

While our agencies work on behalf of our clients using one of
these models, we provide resources and support to ensure that
our agencies can best meet our clients’ needs. Based in New
York City, the holding company sets company-wide financial
objectives, directs collaborative inter-agency programs,
establishes fiscal management and operational controls, guides
personnel policy, conducts investor relations and initiates,
manages and approves mergers and acquisitions. In addition, it
provides limited centralized functional services that offer our
companies some operational efficiencies, including accounting
and finance, marketing information retrieval and analysis, legal
services, real estate expertise, recruitment aid, employee
benefits and executive compensation management.

Our Disciplines and Agencies

We have hundreds of specialized agencies. The following is a
sample of some of our brands.

Our global networks offer our largest clients a full
range of marketing and communications services. Combined, their
footprint spans over 100 countries:

• 

 McCann Erickson Worldwide

• 

 Foote Cone & Belding Worldwide

• 

 Lowe Worldwide

We have many full-service marketing agencies whose
distinctive resources provide clients with multi-disciplinary
communication services:

• 

 Campbell-Ewald

• 

 Carmichael Lynch

• 

 Deutsch

1

Table of Contents

• 

 Hill Holliday

• 

 Mullen

We also have many domestic advertising agencies that
provide North American clients with traditional services in
print and broadcast media:

• 

 Avrett Free & Ginsberg

• 

 Campbell Mithun

• 

 Dailey & Associates

• 

 Gillespie

• 

 Gotham

• 

 Jay Advertising

• 

 Tierney Communications

• 

 TM Advertising

Our one-to
-one
marketing companies specialize in using a full range of
digital, interactive and traditional media services to
communicate directly with consumers in relevant and innovative
ways:

• 

 Draft Worldwide

• 

 FCBi

• 

 MRM Partners Worldwide

• 

 The Hacker Group

• 

 R/ GA

The worldwide leader in experiential marketing, Jack
Morton Worldwide, is part of our group. Jack Morton creates
interactive experiences whose goal is to improve performance,
increase sales and build brand recognition. The agency produces
meetings and events, environmental design, exhibits, digital
media and learning programs.

Our media offering addresses changes in today’s
fragmented media landscape, with capabilities in planning,
research, negotiating and buying, as well as media research,
product placement and programming. Our major media agencies are:

• 

 Initiative

• 

 MAGNA Global

• 

 Universal McCann

To help activate consumer demand, our promotion agencies
offer clients a range of options, including sweepstakes,
incentive programs, sampling opportunities and trade programming:

• 

 Marketing Drive

• 

 Momentum

• 

 The Properties Group

• 

 Zipatoni

2

Table of Contents

Our public relations agencies offer such worldwide
services as consumer PR, corporate communications, crisis
management, web relations and investor relations:

• 

 DeVries

• 

 Golin Harris

• 

 MWW Group

• 

 Weber Shandwick

We also have special marketing services agencies that we
believe are

best-in-class for their
niche markets:

• 

 Marketing Accountability Practice (marketing accountability/ ROI)

• 

 frank about women (women’s marketing)

• 

 KidCom (youth marketing)

• 

 NAS (recruitment)

• 

 Newspaper Services of America (newspaper services)

• 

 OSI (outdoor advertising)

• 

 Wahlstrom Group (yellowpages)

• 

 Women2Women Communications (women’s marketing)

• 

 FutureBrand (corporate identity and branding)

Our sports and entertainment marketing firms manage top
athletes and sporting events and represent some of the
world’s most-recognized celebrities:

• 

 Bragman Nyman Cafarelli

• 

 Octagon

• 

 PMK/ HBH

• 

 Rogers & Cowan

Our affiliated multicultural agency partners, in which we
own a minority interest, target specific demographic segments:

• 

 Accent Marketing (Hispanic)

• 

 Casanova Pendrill (Hispanic)

• 

 IW Group (Asian-Pacific-American)

• 

 SiboneyUSA (Hispanic)

Interpublic maintains separate agency brands to manage the
broadest range of clients, even ones that operate in similar
business areas. Having distinct agencies allows us to avoid
potential conflicts of interest among our clients in the same
industry. To help manage these companies effectively, however,
we have organized our agencies into five global operating
divisions. Four of these divisions, McCann WorldGroup
(“McCann”), The FCB Group (“FCB”), Lowe
Worldwide (“Lowe”) and Draft Worldwide
(“Draft”), provide a distinct comprehensive array of
global communications and marketing services. The fifth global
operating division, The Constituency Management Group
(“CMG”), which includes Weber Shandwick, MWW Group,
FutureBrand, DeVries, Golin Harris, Jack Morton and Octagon
Worldwide (“Octagon”), provides clients with
diversified services, including public relations, meeting and
event production, sports and entertainment marketing, corporate
and brand identity and strategic marketing consulting.

3

Table of Contents

A group of leading stand-alone agencies provide clients with a
full range of advertising and marketing services. These agencies
partner with our global operating groups as needed, and include
Campbell-Ewald, Hill Holliday, Deutsch and Mullen.

We believe this organizational structure allows us to provide
comprehensive solutions for clients and enables stronger
financial and operational growth opportunities. We practice a
decentralized management style, providing agency management with
a great deal of operational autonomy.

Our Financial Reporting Segments

As of December 31, 2005, for financial reporting purposes
we have three reportable segments. The largest segment,
Integrated Agency Networks (“IAN”), is comprised of
McCann, FCB, Lowe, Draft, our media agencies, and our leading
stand-alone agencies. CMG comprises our second reportable
segment. Our third reportable segment is comprised of our
Motorsports operations (“Motorsports”), which were
sold during 2004 and had immaterial residual operating results
in 2005. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion.

Principal Markets

Our agencies are located in over 100 countries and in every
significant world market. We provide services for clients whose
businesses are broadly international in scope, as well as for
clients whose businesses are limited to a single country or a
small number of countries. The United States (“U.S.”),
Europe (excluding the United Kingdom (“UK”)), the UK,
Asia Pacific and Latin America represented 55.2%, 18.1%, 9.9%,
7.5% and 4.1% of our total revenue, respectively, in 2005. For
further discussion concerning revenues and long-lived assets on
a geographical basis for each of the last three years, see
Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Sources of Revenue

Our revenues are primarily derived from the planning and
execution of advertising programs in various media and the
planning and execution of other marketing and communications
programs. Most of our client contracts are individually
negotiated. Accordingly, the terms of client engagements and the
basis on which we earn commissions and fees vary significantly.
Our client contracts are becoming increasingly complex
arrangements that frequently include provisions for incentive
compensation and govern vendor rebates and credits. Our largest
clients are multinational entities and we often provide services
to these clients out of multiple offices and across various
agencies. In arranging for such services to be provided, we may
enter into global, regional and local agreements. Multiple
agreements of this nature are reviewed by legal counsel to
determine the governing terms to be followed by the offices and
agencies involved.

Revenues for creation, planning and placement of advertising are
primarily determined on a negotiated fee basis and, to a lesser
extent, on a commission basis. Fees are usually calculated to
reflect hourly rates plus proportional overhead and a mark-up.
Many clients include an incentive compensation component in
their total compensation package. This provides added revenue
based on achieving mutually agreed-upon qualitative and/or
quantitative metrics within specified time periods. Commissions
are earned based on services provided, and are usually derived
from a percentage or fee over the total cost to complete the
assignment. Commissions can also be derived when clients pay us
the gross rate billed by media and we pay for media at a lower
net rate; the difference is the commission that we earn, which
is either retained in total or shared with the client depending
on the nature of the services agreement.

We pay media charges with respect to contracts for advertising
time or space that we place on behalf of our clients. To reduce
our risk from a client’s non-payment, we typically pay
media charges only after we receive funds from our clients.
Generally, we act as the client’s agent rather than the
primary obligor. In some instances we agree with the media
provider that we will only be liable to pay the media after the
client has paid us for the media charges.

4

Table of Contents

We also generate revenue in negotiated fees from our public
relations, sales promotion, event marketing, sports and
entertainment marketing and corporate and brand identity
services.

Our revenue is directly dependent upon the advertising,
marketing and corporate communications requirements of our
clients and tends to be higher in the second half of the
calendar year as a result of the holiday season and lower in the
first half as a result of the post-holiday slow-down in client
activity. Depending on the terms of the client contract, fees
for services performed can be primarily recognized three ways:
proportional performance, straight-line (or monthly basis) or
completed contract. Fee revenue recognized on a completed
contract basis also contributes to the higher seasonal revenues
experienced in the fourth quarter due to the majority of our
contracts ending at December 31. As is customary in the
industry, these contracts provide for termination by either
party on relatively short notice, usually 90 days. See
Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
discussion of our revenue recognition accounting policies.

Clients

In the aggregate, our top ten clients based on revenue accounted
for approximately 24.7% and 23.5% of revenue in 2005 and 2004,
respectively. Based on revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2005, our largest clients were General Motors
Corporation, Microsoft, Unilever, Johnson & Johnson,
and Verizon. While the loss of the entire business of any one of
our largest clients might have a material adverse effect upon
our business, we believe that it is unlikely that the entire
business of any of these clients would be lost at the same time.
This is because we represent several different brands or
divisions of each of these clients in a number of geographic
markets, as well as provide services across multiple advertising
and marketing disciplines, in each case through more than one of
our agency systems. Representation of a client rarely means that
we handle advertising for all brands or product lines of the
client in all geographical locations. Any client may transfer
its business from one of our agencies to a competing agency, and
a client may reduce its marketing budget at any time.

Personnel

As of December 31, 2005, we employed approximately 43,000
persons, of whom approximately 18,000 were employed in the
U.S. Because of the personal service character of the
advertising and marketing communications business, the quality
of personnel is of crucial importance to our continuing success.
There is keen competition for qualified employees.



We are subject to a variety of possible risks that could
adversely impact our revenues, results of operations or
financial condition. Some of these risks relate to the industry
in which we operate, while others are more specific to us. The
following factors set out potential risks we have identified
that could adversely affect us. See also Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Disclosure.

• 

 We have numerous material weaknesses in our internal
 control over financial reporting.

We have identified numerous material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting, and our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective as of December 31,
2005. For a detailed description of these material weaknesses,
see Item 8, Management’s Assessment on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting, of our
Form 10-K. Each of
our material weaknesses results in more than a remote likelihood
that a material misstatement will not be prevented or detected.
As a result, we must perform extensive additional work to obtain
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
statements. Given the extensive material weaknesses identified,
even with this additional work there is a risk of errors not
being prevented or detected, which could result in further
restatements.

5

Table of Contents

• 

 We have extensive work remaining to remedy the material
 weaknesses in our internal control over financial
 reporting.

Because of our decentralized structure and our many disparate
accounting systems of varying quality and sophistication, we
have extensive work remaining to remedy our material weaknesses
in internal control over financial reporting. We are in the
process of developing a work plan for remedying all of the
identified material weaknesses, and this work will extend beyond
2006. There can be no assurance as to when the remediation plan
will be completed or when the material weaknesses will be
remedied. There will also continue to be a serious risk that we
will be unable to file future periodic reports with the SEC in a
timely manner, that a default could result under the indentures
governing our debt securities or under our three-year revolving
credit agreement (the “Three-Year Revolving Credit
Facility”) or credit facilities of our subsidiaries and
that our future financial statements could contain errors that
will be undetected.

• 

 We face substantial ongoing costs associated with
 complying with the requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

As a result of the extent of the deficiencies in our internal
control over financial reporting, we incurred significant
professional fees and other expenses in 2005 to prepare our
consolidated financial statements and to comply with the
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Until our remediation is completed, we will continue to incur
the expenses and management burdens associated with the manual
procedures and additional resources required to prepare our
consolidated financial statements. The cost of this work will
continue to be significant in 2006 and beyond.

• 

 We have restated our financial statements.

We may continue to suffer adverse effects from the restatement
of previously issued financial statements that we presented in
our annual report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2004, as amended (the “2004
Form 
10-K”).
In the 2004
Form 
10-K, we
restated our previously reported financial statements for the
years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, 2001 and 2000, and for
the first three quarters of 2004 and all four quarters of 2003
(the “Prior Restatement”). In this report, we have
restated the financial data for the first three quarters of 2005.

As a result of these matters, we have recorded liabilities for
vendor discounts and other obligations that will necessitate
cash settlement that may negatively impact our cash flow in
future years. We may also become subject to fines or other
penalties or damages in our ongoing SEC investigation or new
regulatory actions or civil litigation. Any of these matters may
also contribute to further ratings downgrades, negative
publicity and difficulties in attracting and retaining key
clients, employees and management personnel.

• 

 Ongoing SEC investigations regarding our accounting
 restatements could adversely affect us.

The SEC opened a formal investigation in response to the
restatement we first announced in August 2002 and, as previously
disclosed, the SEC staff’s investigation has expanded to
encompass our Prior Restatement. In particular, since we filed
our 2004
Form 10-K, we have
received subpoenas from the SEC relating to matters addressed in
our Prior Restatement. We continue to cooperate with the
investigation. We expect that the investigation will result in
monetary liability, but because the investigation is ongoing, in
particular with respect to the Prior Restatement, we cannot
reasonably estimate either the timing of a resolution or the
amount. Accordingly, we have not yet established any accounting
provision relating to these matters. Potential adverse
developments in connection with the investigation, including any
expansion of the scope of the investigation, could also
negatively impact us and could divert the efforts and attention
of our management team from our ordinary business operations.

• 

 We operate in a highly competitive industry.

The marketing communications business is highly competitive. Our
agencies and media services must compete with other agencies,
and with other providers of creative or media services, in order
to maintain existing client relationships and to win new
clients. The client’s perception of the quality of an
agency’s creative work, our reputation and the
agencies’ reputations are important factors in determining
our

6

Table of Contents

competitive position. An agency’s ability to serve clients,
particularly large international clients, on a broad geographic
basis is also an important competitive consideration. On the
other hand, because an agency’s principal asset is its
people, freedom of entry into the business is almost unlimited
and a small agency is, on occasion, able to take all or some
portion of a client’s account from a much larger competitor.

Many companies put their advertising and marketing
communications business up for competitive review from time to
time. We have won and lost client accounts in the past as a
result of such periodic competitions. Our ability to attract new
clients and to retain existing clients may also, in some cases,
be limited by clients’ policies or perceptions about
conflicts of interest. These policies can, in some cases,
prevent one agency, or even different agencies under our
ownership, from performing similar services for competing
products or companies.

In addition, issues arising from our deficiencies in our
internal control over financial reporting could divert the
efforts and attention of our management from our ordinary
business operations or have an adverse impact on clients’
perceptions of us and adversely affect our overall ability to
compete for new and existing business.

• 

 We may lose or fail to attract and retain key employees
 and management personnel.

Employees, including creative, research, media, account and
practice group specialists, and their skills and relationships
with clients, are among our most important assets. An important
aspect of our competitiveness is our ability to attract and
retain key employees and management personnel. Our ability to do
so is influenced by a variety of factors, including the
compensation we award, and could be adversely affected by our
recent financial performance and financial reporting
difficulties.

• 

 As a marketing services company, our revenues are highly
 susceptible to declines as a result of unfavorable economic
 conditions.

Economic downturns often more severely affect the marketing
services industry than other industries. In the past, some
clients have responded to weak economic performance in any
region where we operate by reducing their marketing budgets,
which are generally discretionary in nature and easier to reduce
in the short-term than other expenses related to operations.
This pattern may recur in the future.

• 

 Our liquidity profile has recently been adversely
 affected.

In recent periods we have experienced operating losses that have
adversely affected our cash flows from operations. We have
recorded liabilities and incurred substantial professional fees
in connection with the Prior Restatement. It is also possible
that we will be required to pay fines or other penalties or
damages in connection with the ongoing SEC investigation or
future regulatory actions or civil litigation. These items have
impacted and will impact our liquidity in future years
negatively and could require us to seek new or additional
sources of liquidity to fund our working capital needs. There
can be no guarantee that we would be able to access any such new
sources of new liquidity on commercially reasonable terms or at
all. If we are unable to do so, our liquidity position could be
adversely affected.

• 

 Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect
 us.

Our long-term debt is currently rated B+ with negative outlook
by Standard and Poor’s, Ba1 with negative outlook by
Moody’s, and B+ with stable outlook by Fitch. It is
possible that our credit ratings will be reduced further.
Ratings downgrades or comparatively weak ratings can adversely
affect us, because ratings are an important factor influencing
our ability to access capital. Our clients and vendors may also
consider our credit profile when negotiating contract terms, and
if they were to change the terms on which they deal with us, it
could have a significant adverse affect on our liquidity.

• 

 If some of our clients experience financial distress,
 their weakened financial position could negatively affect our
 own financial position and results.

We have a large and diverse client base and at any given time,
one or more of our clients may experience financial distress,
file for bankruptcy protection or go out of business. If any
client with whom we have a substantial amount of business
experiences financial difficulty, it could delay or jeopardize
the

7

Table of Contents

collection of accounts receivable, may result in significant
reductions in services provided by us and may have a material
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
and liquidity. For a description of our client base, see
Item 1, Business- Clients.

• 

 International business risks could adversely affect our
 operations.

International revenues represent a significant portion of our
revenues, approximately 45% in 2005. Our international
operations are exposed to risks that affect foreign operations
of all kinds, including local legislation, monetary devaluation,
exchange control restrictions and unstable political conditions.
These risks may limit our ability to grow our business and
effectively manage our operations in those countries. In
addition, because a high level of our revenues and expenses is
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar,
primarily the Euro and Pound Sterling, fluctuations in exchange
rates between the U.S. dollar and such currencies may
materially affect our financial results.

• 

 In 2005 and prior years, we recognized impairment charges
 and increased our deferred tax valuation allowances, and we may
 be required to record additional charges in the future related
 to these matters.

We evaluate all of our long-lived assets (including goodwill,
other intangible assets and fixed assets), investments and
deferred tax assets for possible impairment or realizability at
least annually and whenever there is an indication of impairment
or lack of realizability. If certain criteria are met, we are
required to record an impairment charge or valuation allowance.
In the past, we have recorded substantial amounts of goodwill,
investment and other impairment charges, and have been required
to establish substantial valuation allowances with respect to
deferred tax assets and loss carry-forwards.

As of December 31, 2005, we have substantial amounts of
intangibles, investments and deferred tax assets on our
Consolidated Balance Sheet. Future events, including our
financial performance and strategic decisions, could cause us to
conclude that further impairment indicators exist and that the
asset values associated with intangibles, investments and
deferred tax assets may have become impaired. Any resulting
impairment loss would have an adverse impact on our reported
earnings in the period in which the charge is recognized. In
connection with the U.S. deferred tax assets, management
believes that it is more likely than not that a substantial
amount of the deferred tax assets will be realized; a valuation
allowance has been established for the remainder. The amount of
the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be
reduced in the near term if estimates of future
U.S. taxable income are lower than anticipated.

• 

 We are subject to certain restrictions and must meet
 certain minimum financial covenants under our Three-Year
 Revolving Credit Facility.

Our Three-Year Revolving Credit Facility contains covenants that
limit our operational flexibility and require us to meet
specified financial ratios. The Three-Year Revolving Credit
Facility does not permit us (i) to make cash acquisitions
in excess of $50.0 million until October 2006, or
thereafter in excess of $50.0 million until expiration of
the agreement in May 2007, subject to increases equal to the net
cash proceeds received in the applicable period from any
disposition of assets; (ii) to make capital expenditures in
excess of $210.0 million annually; (iii) to repurchase
or to declare or pay dividends on our capital stock (except for
any convertible preferred stock, convertible trust preferred
instrument or similar security, which includes our outstanding
5.375% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and
our 5.25% Series B Cumulative Convertible Perpetual
Preferred Stock), except that we may repurchase our capital
stock in connection with the exercise of options by our
employees or with proceeds contemporaneously received from an
issue of new shares of our capital stock; and (iv) to incur
new debt at our subsidiaries, other than unsecured debt incurred
in the ordinary course of business of our subsidiaries outside
the U.S. and unsecured debt, which may not exceed
$10.0 million in the aggregate, incurred in the ordinary
course of business of our U.S. subsidiaries. Under the
Three-Year Revolving Credit Facility, we are also subject to
financial covenants with respect to our interest coverage ratio,
debt to EBITDA ratio and minimum EBITDA.

We have in the past been required to seek and successfully have
obtained amendments and waivers of the financial covenants under
our committed bank facility. There can be no assurance that we
will be in compliance with these covenants in future periods. If
we do not comply and are unable to obtain the necessary
amendments or waivers at that time, we would be unable to borrow
or obtain additional letters

8

Table of Contents

of credit under the Three-Year Revolving Credit Facility and
could choose to terminate the facility and provide a cash
deposit in connection with any outstanding letters of credit.
The lenders under the Three-Year Revolving Credit Facility would
also have the right to terminate the facility, accelerate any
outstanding principal and require us to provide a cash deposit
in an amount equal to the total amount of outstanding letters of
credit. The outstanding amount of letters of credit was
$162.4 million as of December 31, 2005. We have not
drawn under the Three-Year Revolving Credit Facility over the
past two years, and we do not currently expect to draw under it.
So long as there are no amounts to be accelerated under the
Three-Year Revolving Credit Facility, termination of the
facility would not trigger the cross-acceleration provisions of
our public debt.

Any future impairment charge (excluding valuation allowance
charges) could result in a violation of the financial covenants
of our Three-Year Revolving Credit Facility, which requires us
to maintain minimum levels of consolidated EBITDA (as defined in
that facility) and established ratios of debt to consolidated
EBITDA and interest coverage ratios. A violation of any of these
financial covenants could trigger a default under this facility
and adversely affect our liquidity.

• 

 We may not be able to meet our performance targets and
 milestones.

From time to time, we communicate to the market certain targets
and milestones for our financial and operating performance
including, but not limited to, the areas of revenue growth,
operating expense reduction and operating margin growth. These
targets and milestones are intended to provide metrics against
which to evaluate our performance, but they should not be
understood as predictions or guidance about our expected
performance. Our ability to meet any target or milestone is
subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, and we caution
investors against placing undue reliance on them. See
“Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure.”

• 

 We are subject to regulations and other governmental
 scrutiny that could restrict our activities or negatively impact
 our revenues.

Our industry is subject to government regulation and other
governmental action, both domestic and foreign. There has been
an increasing tendency on the part of advertisers and consumer
groups to challenge advertising through legislation, regulation,
the courts or otherwise, for example on the grounds that the
advertising is false and deceptive or injurious to public
welfare. Through the years, there has been a continuing
expansion of specific rules, prohibitions, media restrictions,
labeling disclosures and warning requirements with respect to
the advertising for certain products. Representatives within
government bodies, both domestic and foreign, continue to
initiate proposals to ban the advertising of specific products
and to impose taxes on or deny deductions for advertising,
which, if successful, may have an adverse effect on advertising
expenditures and consequently our revenues.