, in this annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise.

1

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRANSACTION WITH OMNICOM AND WHERE TO FIND IT

In connection with the proposed transaction, IPG and Omnicom have filed a joint proxy statement with the SEC on January 17, 2025 and Omnicom has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 on January 17, 2025 (File No.333-284358) (“Form S-4”) that includes the joint proxy statement of IPG and Omnicom and that also constitutes a prospectus of Omnicom. Each of IPG and Omnicom may also file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a substitute for the joint proxy statement/prospectus or registration statement or any other document that IPG or Omnicom may file with the SEC. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus have been mailed to stockholders of IPG and Omnicom. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT HAVE BEEN AND MAY BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THOSE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT IPG, OMNICOM AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. 

Investors and security holders are able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, joint proxy statement/prospectus and other documents containing important information about IPG, Omnicom and the proposed transaction, through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the registration statement, joint proxy statement/prospectus and other documents (if and when available) filed with the SEC by IPG may be obtained free of charge on IPG’s website at https://investors.interpublic.com/sec-filings/financial-reports or, alternatively, by directing a request by mail to IPG’s Corporate Secretary at The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc., 909 Third Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attention: SVP & Secretary. Copies of the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus and other documents (if and when available) filed with the SEC by Omnicom may be obtained free of charge on Omnicom’s website at https://investor.omnicomgroup.com/financials/sec-filings/default.aspx or, alternatively, by directing a request by mail to Omnicom’s Corporate Secretary at Omnicom Group Inc., 280 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017.

PARTICIPANTS IN THE SOLICITATION 

IPG, Omnicom, and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of IPG, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, including under the heading “Executive Officers of the Registrant,” and proxy statement for IPG’s 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 12, 2024, including under the headings “Board Composition,” “Non-Management Director Compensation,” “Executive Compensation” and “Outstanding Shares and Ownership of Common Stock.” To the extent holdings of IPG common stock by the directors and executive officers of IPG have changed from the amounts reflected therein, such changes have been or will be reflected on Initial Statements of Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Form 3 (“Form 3”), Statements of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4 (“Form 4”) or Annual Statements of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Form 5 (“Form 5”), subsequently filed by IPG’s directors and executive officers with the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of Omnicom, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in Omnicom’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under the heading “Information About Our Executive Officers,” and proxy statement for Omnicom’s 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024, including under the headings “Executive Compensation,” “Omnicom Board of Directors,” “Directors’ Compensation for Fiscal Year 2023” and “Stock Ownership Information.” To the extent holdings of Omnicom common stock by the directors and executive officers of Omnicom have changed from the amounts reflected therein, such changes have been or will be reflected on Forms 3, Forms 4 or Forms 5, subsequently filed by Omnicom’s directors and executive officers with the SEC. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitations and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is contained in the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials filed or to be filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction when such materials become available. Investors and security holders should read the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of any of the documents referenced herein from IPG or Omnicom using the sources indicated above.

2

Table of Contents

PART I

Item 1.

Business

The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. ("Interpublic," the "Company," "IPG," "we," "us" or "our") was incorporated in Delaware in September 1930 under the name of McCann-Erickson Incorporated as the successor to the advertising agency businesses founded in 1902 by A.W. Erickson and in 1911 by Harrison K. McCann. The Company has operated under the Interpublic name since January 1961.

About Us

We provide marketing, communications and business transformation services that help marketers and brands succeed in today’s digital economy. Combining the power of creativity and technology, our approximately 53,300 employees and operations span all major world markets. Our companies specialize in insights, data, media, creative and production, digital commerce, healthcare marketing and communications. We create customized marketing solutions for clients that range in scale from large global marketers to regional and local clients. Comprehensive global services are critical to effectively serve our multinational and local clients in markets throughout the world as they seek to build brands, increase sales of their products and services, and gain market share.

The work we produce for our clients is specific to their unique needs. Our solutions vary from project-based activity to long-term, fully integrated campaigns. With operations in over 100 countries, we can operate in a single region or deliver global integrated programs.

IPG provides our agencies and clients with centralized resources, including unique assets in data, creativity and production, technology and artificial intelligence, which together form a foundation that enables our company to deliver ideas that drive growth for marketers and engage consumers at every touchpoint. Based in New York City, our corporate center sets company-wide financial objectives and corporate strategy, establishes financial management and operational controls, guides personnel policy, directs collaborative programs, conducts investor relations, manages environmental, social and governance ("ESG") programs, provides enterprise risk management and oversees mergers and acquisitions. In addition, we provide certain centralized functional services that enable operational efficiencies, including accounting and finance, research and development, technology, executive compensation management and recruitment assistance, employee benefits, market research, internal audit, legal services, real estate expertise and travel services.

Our Brands

IPG is a client‐centric company, and we seek to be essential partners to our clients in their own transformation journeys, providing them with seamless access to our best-in-class expertise across our entire portfolio. Our operations support the strategic position that marketers have access to the best and most appropriate Company resources to drive business success, and may access these capabilities from across the IPG network in an agile model called Open Architecture®. Consistent with this strategic principle, IPG’s agency brands are grouped into reportable segments based on the agencies’ primary capabilities.

•
Media, Data & Engagement Solutions
 provides innovative capabilities and scale in global media and communications services, digital services and products, advertising and marketing technology, digital commerce, data management and analytics, strategic consulting, and digital brand experience. Our brands in this segment include IPG Mediabrands, UM, Initiative, KINESSO, Acxiom and MRM.

•
Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solution
s provides advertising, corporate and brand identity services, and strategic consulting. The IPG brands include our leading global networks FCB, IPG Health, McCann Worldgroup, and MullenLowe Group as well as our domestic integrated agencies Campbell Ewald, Carmichael Lynch, Deutsch, The Martin Agency and others. These agencies have the leading role of ideation and the execution of creative ideas across complex integrated campaigns that are foundational to client brand identities. 

•
Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions
 provides best‐in‐class global public relations and communications services, live events, sports and entertainment marketing, and strategic consulting. IPG brands include IPG DXTRA Health, The Weber Shandwick Collective, Golin, Jack Morton, Momentum and Octagon. These agencies create engaging experiences that allow consumers to build emotional connections and lasting relationships with brands.

All our brands leverage IPG’s unique assets in data and technology, creativity and production, media, consulting, technology and artificial intelligence to connect brand marketing and performance marketing, driving accelerated growth for our clients.

3

Table of Contents

We list approximately 80 of our companies on our website under the "Our Companies" section, with descriptions, capabilities and office locations for each. To learn more about our broad range of capabilities, visit our website at www.interpublic.com. Information on our website is not part of this report.

Market Strategy

We operate in a media, consumer and technology ecosystem that continues to evolve at a rapid pace. To help our clients win in a data-led and digital first world, we have made and continue to make investments in strategic areas including digital commerce, retail media, artificial intelligence, audience resolution, and production across world markets. In addition, we consistently review opportunities within our Company to enhance our operations through acquisitions and strategic alliances and internal programs that encourage client-centric collaboration. As appropriate, we also develop relationships with technology and emerging media companies that are building leading-edge marketing tools that complement our agencies' skill sets and capabilities.

In recent years, we have taken several major strategic steps to position our agencies as leaders in the global advertising and communications market. These include:

•
Investment in leading talent: 
We believe our continued ability to attract and develop top talent and to be an industry employer of choice for an increasingly diverse workforce have been key differentiators for IPG. We continue to acquire and develop top strategic, creative and digital talent from a range of backgrounds.

•
Growing our identity, data, digital commerce and platform capabilities:
 Our investments in talent and technology - growing data, identity resolution and platform capabilities - promise to drive further growth in this dynamic sector of our business. More than ever clients need audience-led thinking to solve for a widening set of business problems and opportunities in a digital-first world.

•
Reinventing healthcare marketing
: We have enhanced and strengthened our leadership position to deliver a comprehensive suite of services and global reach for healthcare clients. To do so, we have attracted and developed the industry’s most awarded and experienced talent, including scientists, strategists, creatives and engagement specialists across the entire healthcare marketing spectrum, enabling us to deliver healthcare information at speed, in ways that are highly personal, culturally relevant, as well as respectful of privacy.

•
Retail media:
 We developed and launched a unified retail media network solution to provide brands with a holistic view of their performance across this fast-growth ecosystem of retail platforms. This capability, in turn, integrates with our commerce offering across the company, which extends to all core marketing functions – whether that’s media, creative, experiential, or PR and earned impressions.

Analytics teams, as well as modeling and decisioning tools, are core to all these strategic efforts. These are also areas where we continue to make investments in artificial intelligence. Combined with the latest advances in generative AI, we are now adding intelligence to the creation of content across the marketing spectrum. Together, these steps have built a culture of strategic creativity and high performance for marketers across IPG. We believe in the continued competitiveness of our offerings, the value of our long-term strategy, and the strength of our culture.

Data Offerings

IPG has incorporated data expertise into the core of the Company, as reflected most clearly in our acquisition in 2018 and subsequent integration of Acxiom, a leading enterprise data management company. Understanding data and its power is critical to the current and future success of our Company and our clients. We believe an ethical and conscious approach to data that respects consumer privacy will continue to be crucial as we navigate increased regulation in the digital media space. 

Going forward, we plan to continue to enhance the technology layer within our offerings and to build tech-enabled marketing solutions, informed by a holistic understanding of audiences. This allows us to deliver personalized user experiences and more accountable marketing for brands. Combining the power of creativity and technology, we are able to provide marketing, communications and business transformation services that help marketers and brands succeed in today’s digital economy. 

Making an Impact

IPG and our agencies are committed to create effective and inspiring work that is driven by a rich and inclusive company culture. We reinforce these values through a comprehensive set of award-winning programs, a global strategy and committed stakeholders. These include business resource groups, open to all, that develop career building programs for all of our employees, as well as bring new tools to the business on a variety of topics. We seek to hire, promote and retain top talent, and we regularly measure the inclusiveness of our culture with a company-wide survey that measures belonging.

We began our people-first approach over a decade ago. Since then, IPG has seen notable improvements in the range and skill set of our workforce that reflect the skills to keep us competitive and the communities our clients represent. We believe 

4

Table of Contents

that an environment that encourages respect and trust is key to a creative business like ours, and that a competitive advantage comes with having a variety of perspectives and beliefs in our workforce.

We have been widely recognized for our efforts in this area. In January 2024 we announced that IPG had received several honors that recognize its initiatives and transparency around Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts this year. The honors include IPG’s fourth year on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (North America), 14th year on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2023-2024 Corporate Equality Index, and recognition on “Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion” by Disability Equality Index, among other accolades and ratings.

Acquisition Strategy

A disciplined acquisition strategy, focused on high-growth capabilities and regions of the world, is one component of growing our services in today's rapidly-changing marketing services and media landscape. When an outstanding resource or a strong tactical fit becomes available, we have been opportunistic over the years in making tuck-in, niche acquisitions that enhance our service offerings. 

In recent years, IPG has acquired agencies across the marketing spectrum, including firms specializing in data and tech, e-commerce, mobile marketing, social media, healthcare communications and public relations, as well as agencies with full-service capabilities. These acquired agencies have been integrated into one of our global networks or specialist agencies.

Proposed Omnicom Transaction

On December 8, 2024, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Omnicom Group Inc. (“Omnicom”), pursuant to which an Omnicom merger subsidiary will merge with and into IPG, with IPG surviving the merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Omnicom.

As a result of the merger, each share of IPG common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be converted into the right to receive 0.344 shares of Omnicom common stock. The exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted to reflect stock price changes prior to closing the merger. The closing of the merger is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and approval by IPG stockholders and Omnicom stockholders.

If the transaction is completed, following the closing 

Omnicom shareholders will own 60.6% of the combined company and IPG shareholders will own 39.4%, on a fully diluted basis. As a result of the merger, we will cease to be a publicly traded company.

We believe the combined company will bring together the industry’s deepest bench of marketing talent, and the broadest and most innovative services and products, driven by the most advanced sales and marketing platform. Together, the companies will expand their capacity to create comprehensive full-funnel solutions that deliver better outcomes for the world’s most sophisticated clients. We anticipate the combined company will have over 100,000 expert practitioners, delivering end-to-end services across media, precision marketing, CRM, data, digital commerce, advertising, healthcare, public relations and branding.

For further details about the Merger Agreement and the transactions it contemplates, please see our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2024. The description of the Merger Agreement in this section does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2024, and incorporated by reference herein.

Our People

Because of the service character of our business, the quality of personnel is of crucial importance to our continuing success, and our employees, including creative, digital, research, media and account specialists, and their skills and relationships with clients, are among our most valuable assets. We conduct extensive employee training and development throughout our agencies and benchmark our compensation programs against those of our industry for their competitiveness and effectiveness in recruitment and retention. There is keen competition for qualified employees.

As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 53,300 people, of which approximately 21,100 were employed in the United States.

5

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2024

Total

53,300

Domestic

21,100

International

32,200

     United Kingdom

4,900

     Continental Europe

6,600

     Asia Pacific

10,000

     Latin America

6,700

     Other

4,000

We employ a balanced approach in managing our human capital resources. Depending on where a human-capital management function is most effective or efficient, processes are either managed at the holding company or designated to our operating units to adopt strategies appropriate for their client sector, workforce makeup, talent requirements and business demands. 

The holding company retains oversight of all human capital resources and activities, setting standards and providing support and policy guidance and sharing programs. At the corporate level, centralized human capital management processes include development of human resources governance and policy; executive compensation for senior leaders across the Company; benefits programs; succession planning focusing on the performance, development and retention of the Company’s senior-most executives and key roles in the operating units; and executive development.

IPG sets specific standards for human capital management and, on a yearly basis, assesses each operating unit’s performance in managing and developing its workforce. We undertake human capital initiatives with an aim of ensuring that employees have the high level of competence and commitment our businesses need to succeed. We formally assess our operating units against their efforts in the areas of people development, inclusion, performance management, talent acquisition and organization development in order to drive or support the units’ strategic business and growth goals. Accordingly, the operating units create and deploy skills-training programs, management training, employee goal-setting and feedback platforms, applicant-tracking systems, new-employee onboarding processes, and other programs intended to enhance the performance and engagement of the workforce.

As discussed above under 
Market Strategy — Making an Impact
, inclusion, the potential of our talent, growth and social impact are essential priorities for IPG. Our goal is that our talent represents our communities and consumers, with a corporate culture that drives belonging, well-being and growth. We believe that such a workplace will enable us to provide cultural insights to help our clients make authentic and responsible connections with their customers. The programs we provide include events, training and curated and bespoke content, research and tools, to foster awareness and action on an array of critical issues that we believe are vital for the recruitment, retention, advancement, well-being and belonging for all of our employees.

Environmental Sustainability Initiatives

IPG understands that climate change has consequences for all of us, bringing challenges for environmental protection, social wellbeing and good governance. It is a priority for our company to take action to address both causes and impacts of climate change. Our commitment includes measuring our carbon footprint and working toward limiting that footprint.

We believe that an integrated approach to ESG – which pursues environmental protection, social protection and good governance simultaneously – brings mutual benefits to our people and the communities where we live and work. To further its environmental goals, the Company works to limit carbon emissions by focusing on areas that include:

•
using energy efficiently, 

•
managing travel with a sustainability lens, 

•
employing green building practices in our real estate holdings, 

•
tracking progress on sustainability metrics, and 

•
working toward greater responsibility for waste and consumption in the spaces we occupy.

In June 2021, Interpublic announced that as part of its commitment to environmental sustainability, the Company is moving forward on an ambitious climate action plan that consists of three simultaneous quantitative goals:

•
Science-Based Targets: The Company's near-term emissions reduction targets have been submitted to and validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). This commitment also makes Interpublic a signatory to the Business Ambition for 1.5°C and a member of the United Nations-backed Race to Zero campaign.

6

Table of Contents

•
Renewable Electricity: The Company also committed to sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2030 for its entire portfolio.

•
Net-Zero Carbon Emissions: Additionally, the Company formally joined The Climate Pledge, a commitment to reaching net-zero carbon across our business by 2040.

As part of our sustainability efforts and to record our commitments and progress, we currently report annually on our energy use and greenhouse gas emissions. This data, which we began measuring in 2015, is reported in line with frameworks that include the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”), the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD").

In our 2020 GRI report, IPG, for the first time, reported the operational emissions (scope one and scope two emissions) across its entire global portfolio. For 2021, we expanded our assessment of and reporting on scope three emissions to account for and work on reducing impacts throughout the Company’s entire value chain. With IPG’s 2021 ESG report, the Company became the first U.S.-based advertising holding company to receive limited external assurance on certain ESG data and the first to disclose in accordance with TCFD recommendations. Our 2022 report added third-party assurance for GHG emissions from Scope 3/Category 6, Business Travel, and our 2023 report included this metric as well.

As part of its sustainability efforts, IPG supports numerous community-based organizations and is actively involved in partnerships that bring together companies to advance climate action. Among these, IPG is a member of the Global Leadership Group of Ad Net Zero, a trade organization with a goal of supporting the advertising industry as it moves toward a net-zero carbon future for advertising production. We are also a participant of the U.N. Global Compact and an active supporter of the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), 17 global goals adopted by the United Nations General Assembly as part of its 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.

In recognition of our commitment to and implementation of sustainable business practices, IPG is listed on several ESG-related indices, including the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America. The DJSI North America scores and ranks the ESG performance of the 600 largest U.S. and Canadian companies; the top 20% of sustainability performers are listed on the Index. The Company is also included on the FTSE4Good Index, which identifies companies that demonstrate strong ESG practices measured against international standards.

Our latest ESG report and CDP response are available on the “ESG Reporting” page of our website, www.interpublic.com. Information on our website is not part of this report.

Financial Objectives

Our financial goals include competitive organic growth of revenue before billable expenses and expansion of Adjusted EBITA margin, as defined and discussed within the 
Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
section of the MD&A, which we expect will further strengthen our balance sheet and total liquidity and increase value to our shareholders. Accordingly, we remain focused on meeting the evolving needs of our clients while concurrently managing our cost structure. Our disciplined approach to our balance sheet and liquidity provides us with a solid financial foundation and financial flexibility to manage and grow our business. We believe that our strategy and execution position us to meet our financial goals and to deliver long-term value to all of our stakeholders.

Financial Reporting Segments

We determined we conduct our business across three reportable segments described in Note 16 in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
. The three reportable segments are: Media, Data & Engagement Solutions ("MD&E"), Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions ("IA&C"), and Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions ("SC&E"). MD&E is comprised of IPG Mediabrands, Acxiom, and KINESSO, as well as our digital and commerce specialist agencies. IA&C is comprised of leading global networks and agencies that provide a broad range of services, including McCann Worldgroup, IPG Health, MullenLowe Group, Foote, Cone & Belding ("FCB"), and our domestic integrated agencies. SC&E is comprised of agencies that provide a range of marketing services expertise, including Weber Shandwick, Golin, our sports, entertainment, and experiential agencies, and IPG DXTRA Health. 

We also report results for the “Corporate and other” group. See Note 16 in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
, for further information.

7

Table of Contents

Sources of Revenue

Our revenues are primarily derived from the planning and execution of multi-channel advertising, marketing and communications programs around the world. Our revenues are directly dependent upon the advertising, marketing and corporate communications requirements of our existing clients and our ability to win new clients. Most of our client contracts are individually negotiated, and, accordingly, the terms of client engagements and the bases on which we earn commissions and fees vary significantly. As is customary in the industry, our contracts generally provide for termination by either party on relatively short notice, usually 30 to 90 days, although our data management contracts typically have non-cancelable terms of more than one year.

Revenues for the creation and production of advertising or the planning and placement of media are determined primarily on a negotiated fee basis and, to a lesser extent, on a commission basis. Fees are usually calculated to reflect hourly rates plus proportional overhead and a mark-up. Many clients include an incentive compensation component in their total compensation package. This provides added revenue based on achieving mutually agreed-upon qualitative or quantitative metrics within specified time periods. Commissions are earned based on services provided. 

We also generate revenue from data and technology offerings and in negotiated fees from our public relations, sales promotion, experiential marketing, sports and entertainment marketing, and corporate and brand identity services.

In most of our businesses, our agencies enter into commitments to pay production and media costs on behalf of clients, as is customary in the advertising and marketing industries. To the extent possible, we pay production and media charges after we have received funds from our clients, and in some instances we agree with the provider that we will only be liable to pay the production and media costs after the client has paid us for the charges. Generally, we act as the client’s agent rather than the primary obligor in these arrangements.

Our revenue is typically lowest in the first quarter and highest in the fourth quarter. 

Consolidated Total Revenues for the Three Months Ended

2024

2023

2022

(Amounts in Millions)

% of Total

% of Total

% of Total

March 31

$

2,495.9 

23.3%

$

2,521.0 

23.2%

$

2,568.5 

23.5%

June 30

2,710.0 

25.4%

2,666.5 

24.4%

2,735.7 

25.1%

September 30

2,628.8 

24.6%

2,678.5 

24.6%

2,637.7 

24.1%

December 31

2,857.0 

26.7%

3,023.3 

27.8%

2,985.9 

27.3%

$

10,691.7 

$

10,889.3 

$

10,927.8 

Clients

Our large and diverse client base includes many of the most recognizable companies and brands throughout the world. Our holding company structure allows us to maintain a diversified client base across and within a full range of industry sectors. In the aggregate, our top ten clients based on revenue before billable expenses accounted for approximately 20% of revenue before billable expenses in 2024 and 2023. Our largest client accounted for approximately 4% of revenue before billable expenses in 2024 and 2023. Based on revenue before billable expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024, our largest client sectors (in alphabetical order) were financial services, healthcare, and technology and telecom. We represent several different clients, brands or divisions within each of these sectors in a number of geographic markets, as well as provide services across multiple advertising and marketing disciplines, in each case through more than one of our agency brands. Representation of a client rarely means that we handle advertising for all brands or product lines of the client in all geographical locations. Any client may transfer its business from one of our agencies to another one of our agencies or to a competing agency, and a client may change its marketing budget at any time.

We operate in a highly competitive advertising and marketing communications industry. Our operating companies compete against other large multinational advertising and marketing communications companies as well as numerous independent and niche agencies and new forms of market participants to win new clients and maintain existing client relationships. See Item 1A, 
Risk Factors

- We operate in a highly competitive industry. 

Regulatory Environment

The advertising and marketing services that our agencies provide are subject to governmental regulation and other action in all of the jurisdictions in which we operate. While these governmental regulations and other actions can impact the Company’s operations, the specific marketing regulations we may face in a given market do not as a general matter significantly impact the Company’s overall service offerings or the nature in which we provide these services.

8

Table of Contents

Governments, government agencies and industry self-regulatory bodies have adopted laws, regulations and standards, and judicial bodies have issued rulings, that directly or indirectly affect the form and content of advertising, public relations and other marketing activities we produce or conduct on behalf of our clients. These laws, regulations and other actions include content-related rules with respect to specific products and services, restrictions on media scheduling and placement, required disclosures regarding influencers and other endorsers and labeling or warning requirements with respect to certain products, for example pharmaceuticals, alcoholic beverages, tobacco products, and food and nutritional supplements. We are also subject to rules related to marketing directed to certain groups, such as children.

Digital marketing services are a dynamic and growing component of our business. Our service offerings in this area are covered by laws and regulations concerning user privacy, use of personal information, data protection and online tracking technologies. We are also subject to laws and regulations that govern whether and how we can transfer, process or receive certain data that we use in our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate. While we maintain policies and operational procedures to promote effective privacy protection and data management, existing and proposed laws and regulations in this area, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in the European Economic Area and as retained in the United Kingdom; the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), and other comprehensive privacy laws in several U.S. states; and other different forms of privacy legislation enacted or under consideration across the markets in which we operate, can impact the development, efficacy and profitability of internet-based and other digital marketing. Limitations on the scheduling, content or delivery of direct marketing activities can likewise impact the activities of our agencies offering those services. See Item 1A, 
Risk Factors

- We are subject to industry regulations and other legal or reputational risks that could restrict our activities or negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition.

With agencies and clients located in over 100 countries worldwide, we are also subject to laws governing our international operations. These include broad anti-corruption laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and the U.K. Bribery Act (2010), which generally prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to government officials and political figures. Export controls and economic sanctions regimes, such as those maintained by the U.S. government and comparable ones by the U.K., the member states of the European Union and the U.N., impose limitations on the Company’s ability to operate in certain geographic regions, including Russia, or to seek or service certain potential clients. Likewise, our Treasury operations must comply with exchange controls, restrictions on currency repatriation and the control requirements of applicable anti-money-laundering statutes.

Available Information

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports are available, free of charge, on our website at www.interpublic.com under the "For Investors" section, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") at www.sec.gov.

Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Interpublic Group Code of Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct and the charters for each of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Leadership Talent Committee, and Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Committee are available, free of charge, on our website at www.interpublic.com in the "Corporate Governance" subsection of the "About" section. Information on our website is not part of this report.

9

Table of Contents



We are subject to a variety of possible risks that could adversely impact our revenues, results of operations or financial condition. Some of these risks relate to general economic and financial conditions, while others are more specific to us and the industry in which we operate. In addition, we face risks related to our proposed transaction with Omnicom, including as a result of any failure to complete, or delays in completing, the proposed transaction, as well as risks that the proposed merger may adversely affect relationships with our clients, partners, suppliers, and employees, whether or not the transaction is completed,

The following factors set out potential risks we have identified that could adversely affect us. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently think are immaterial, could also have a negative impact on our business operations or financial condition. See also 
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure
.

Risks Related to the Global Market and the Economy

•
Our results of operations are highly susceptible to unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions.

We are exposed to risks associated with weak or uncertain regional or global economic conditions and disruption in the financial markets. Market conditions can be and have been adversely affected by natural and human disruptions, such as natural disasters, public health crises, severe weather events, political upheaval, military conflict or civil unrest. Economic downturns or uncertainty about the strength of the global economy generally, or adverse economic conditions in certain regions or market sectors and resulting caution with respect to spending on the part of marketers, can have and has had a negative effect on the demand for advertising and marketing communication services. The global economy continues to be challenging, including as a result of the adverse effects of the continuing impact of supply chain and labor disruptions, inflationary pressures, conflict in Ukraine and the Middle East and uncertainty generated by political developments in key markets. Any prolonged disruption to business or financial markets in the United States, which accounted for approximately 65% of our consolidated total revenue in 2024, as a result of disruptive changes in government economic, social or trade policies, could have an adverse impact on our clients and our business. 

Our industry has in the past been affected more severely than other sectors by an economic downturn and recovered more slowly than the economy in general. Previously in response to negative economic and financial conditions, including in connection with the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, some clients responded by reducing their marketing budgets, which include discretionary components that are easier to reduce in the short term than other operating expenses. Our 2024 results for example, were negatively impacted by significant reductions in spending by clients in the technology & telecom sector. This pattern may recur in the future. 

Furthermore, unexpected revenue shortfalls can result in misalignments of costs and revenues, resulting in a negative impact to our operating margins. If our business is significantly adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions or other market disruptions that adversely affect client spending, the negative impact on our revenue could pose a challenge to our operating income and cash generation from operations.

Risks Related to Our Industry and Operations 

•
We operate in a highly competitive industry.

The advertising and marketing communications business is highly competitive and constantly changing. Our agencies and media services compete with other agencies and other providers of creative, marketing or media services to maintain existing client relationships and to win new business. Our competitors include not only other large multinational advertising and marketing communications companies, but also smaller entities that operate in local or regional markets as well as new forms of market participants. 

Competitive challenges also arise from rapidly evolving and new technologies in the marketing and advertising space, creating opportunities for new and existing competitors and a need for continued significant investment in tools, technologies and process improvements. As data-driven marketing solutions become increasingly core to the success of our brands, and with the development of new and emerging technologies like generative AI, any failure to keep up with rapidly changing technologies and standards in this space could harm our competitive position. These technologies also present risks related to ethical considerations, intellectual property protection and privacy and data protection.

The client’s perception of the quality of our agencies’ creative work, its confidence in our ability to protect the confidentiality of their and their customers’ data and its relationships with key personnel at the Company or our agencies are important factors that affect our competitive position. An agency’s ability to serve clients, particularly large international clients, on a broad geographic basis and across a range of services and technologies may also be an important competitive consideration. On the other hand, because an agency’s principal asset is its people and freedom of entry into the industry is almost unlimited, our relationships with clients can be affected by the departure of key personnel and a small agency is, on occasion, able to take all or some portion of a client’s account from a much larger competitor.

10

Table of Contents

•
Clients may terminate or reduce their relationships with us on short notice.

Many companies put their advertising and marketing communications business up for competitive review from time to time, and we have lost client accounts in the past as a result of such periodic competitions. Our clients may choose to terminate their contracts, or reduce their relationships with us, on a relatively short time frame and for any reason. A relatively small number of clients contribute a significant portion of our revenue. In the aggregate, our top ten clients based on revenue before billable expenses accounted for approximately 20% of revenue before billable expenses in 2024. A substantial decline in a large client’s advertising and marketing spending, or the loss of a significant part of its business, could have a material adverse effect upon our business and results of operations.

Our ability to attract new clients and to retain existing clients may also, in some cases, be limited by clients’ policies or perceptions about conflicts of interest, or our own exclusivity arrangements with certain clients. We could lose business and revenue as a result of real or perceived conflicts engendered by our proposed combination with Omnicom. These client policies can, in some cases, prevent one agency, or even different agencies under our ownership, from performing similar services for competing products or companies.

•
We may lose or fail to attract and retain key employees and management personnel.

Our employees, including creative, digital, research, media and account specialists, and their skills and relationships with clients, are among our most valuable assets. An important aspect of our competitiveness is our ability to identify and develop the appropriate talent and to attract and retain key employees and management personnel. Our ability to do so is influenced by a variety of factors, including the compensation we award and factors which may be beyond our control. The advertising and marketing services industry can be particularly sensitive to shifts in labor markets, as it is characterized by a high degree of employee mobility and significant use of third-party or temporary workers to staff new, growing or temporary assignments. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic contributed in recent years to an increase in labor costs, shortages, disruptions and turnover. In addition, changes to U.S. or other immigration policies or travel restrictions imposed as a result of public health, political or security concerns that restrain the flow of professional talent also may inhibit our ability to staff our offices or projects. We could also lose key employees as a result of any uncertainty about the operations of the combined company following the proposed merger transaction with Omnicom. If we were to fail to attract key personnel or lose them to competitors or clients, or fail to manage our workforce effectively, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

•
We are subject to industry regulations and other legal or reputational risks that could restrict our activities or negatively impact our performance or financial condition.

Our industry is subject to government regulation and other governmental action, both domestic and foreign. Advertisers and consumer groups may challenge advertising through legislation, regulation, judicial actions or otherwise, for example on the grounds that the advertising is false and deceptive or injurious to public welfare. Our business is also subject to specific rules, prohibitions, media restrictions, labeling disclosures and warning requirements applicable to advertising for certain products. 

Existing and proposed laws and regulations, in particular in the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States, concerning user privacy, use and protection of personal information and whether and how we can transfer, process or receive certain data that we use in our operations, including the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) in the European Economic Area and as retained in the United Kingdom, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”), and other U.S. state comprehensive privacy laws, could affect the efficacy and profitability of internet-based, digital and targeted marketing. For instance, the GDPR imposes strict requirements on transfers of personal data to third countries, including the United States, whose protection of that data is not deemed to be adequate. Changes in the interpretation of existing consumer protection laws, including if our ability to transfer data between countries and regions in which we operate is restricted, may increase the costs of compliance, harm our business or result in significant penalties or legal liability.

Regulators and legislators in the European Union, United Kingdom, and United States are increasingly focused on the use of online tracking technologies and the sharing of personal data with third parties for targeted or behavioral advertising. This has resulted in the promulgation or consideration of new or updated regulations under the GDPR, the CCPA, and other U.S. state privacy laws. Our digital business could be adversely affected if such laws or regulations are adopted, interpreted or implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with, or that requires changes to, our current business practices. Restrictions on digital or targeted advertising practices, the enactment or future enforcement of state privacy laws, or the unanticipated application of such laws and regulations, could affect the manner in which we provide our services or adversely affect our financial results. Furthermore, if we are prohibited from sharing data among our products and services, or if regulators enforce strict limitations on the use of tracking technologies for targeted or behavioral advertising, this could lead to substantial costs, limit the effectiveness of our services, and subject us to additional liabilities. The imposition of restrictions on these technologies by private market participants in response to privacy concerns could also have a negative impact on our digital business.

11

Table of Contents

Legislators, agencies and other governmental units may also continue to initiate proposals to ban the advertising of specific products, such as alcohol, tobacco or marijuana products, and to impose taxes on or deny deductions for advertising, which, if successful, may hinder our ability to accomplish our clients’ goals and have an adverse effect on advertising expenditures and, consequently, on our revenues or results. Governmental action, including judicial rulings, on the relative responsibilities of clients and their marketing agencies for the content of their marketing can also impact our operations. Furthermore, we could suffer reputational risk as a result of governmental or legal action or from undertaking work that may be challenged by consumer groups or considered controversial, in poor taste or not conforming to contemporary social standards.

•
We rely extensively on information technology systems and face cybersecurity risks.

As discussed under Item 1C, 
Cybersecurity
, we rely extensively and increasingly on information technologies and infrastructure to manage our business, develop new business opportunities and digital products, and process business transactions, and our business operations depend on the availability, integrity and secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and sensitive information digitally and through interconnected systems, including those of our vendors, service providers and other third parties. The incidence of malicious technology-related events, such as cyberattacks, computer hacking, computer viruses or other destructive or disruptive software, phishing attacks and other attempts to gain access to confidential or personal data, denial of service or ransomware attacks or other malicious activities, is on the rise worldwide and highlights the need for continual and effective cybersecurity awareness and education. We, our clients and our vendors are increasingly the target of hackers and other threat actors, denial of service attacks and malicious code, which can result in the unauthorized access, misuse, loss, or destruction of data (including confidential and sensitive data), unavailability of services and supply chain disruptions, or other adverse events.

Our business, which increasingly involves the collection, use and transmission of customer data, including personal information, makes us and our agencies attractive targets for malicious third-party attempts to access this data. Power outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities or human error also affect our systems and can result in disruption of our services or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. We utilize in-house and third-party services, including third-party “cloud” computing services, to perform key operational functions, including the storage, transfer or processing of data. System failures or network disruptions or breaches in such in-house or third-party systems could adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and reputation or expose us to increased risk of litigation or regulatory enforcement action. 

The threat landscape is constantly evolving. Cybersecurity incidents or data breaches affecting the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the information we process, our data systems, or those operated on our behalf by third-party service providers adversely affect our ability to manage our risk exposure and could significantly harm our business. We operate in many respects on a decentralized basis, with a large number of agencies and legal entities, and the resulting size, diversity and disparity of our technology systems and complications in implementing standardized technologies and procedures increases our vulnerability to such breakdowns, malicious intrusions or attacks.

Data privacy or cybersecurity breaches, or any failure to maintain the confidentiality of sensitive information, by employees and others poses the risk that sensitive data, such as personal information, strategic plans and trade secrets, could be exposed to third parties or to the general public. Breaches or breakdowns that result in a loss of our or our clients’ or vendors’ proprietary information expose us to legal liability and can be expensive to remedy. We consider the ethical treatment of data to be a business strength, and so the damage to our reputation and business from any such breach could be significant and costly. Efforts to develop, implement and maintain security measures are costly, may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and cyberattack techniques change frequently, or are not recognized until successful and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. We operate worldwide, and the legal rules governing data transfers are often complex, conflicting, unclear or ever-changing. Increased privacy and cybersecurity requirements increase our operating and compliance costs and can negatively impact our business or financial condition.

Furthermore, as part of our response to the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, modified processes, procedures and controls were required to respond to the changes in our business environment as a significant number of our employees have continued to work from home for at least a portion of the work week. The increase in remote working of our employees exacerbates risks related to the increased demand for information technology resources, malicious technology-related events, including cyberattacks and phishing attacks, and improper dissemination of personal, proprietary or confidential information.

•
International business risks could adversely affect our operations.

We are a global business, with agencies operating in over 100 countries. Operations outside the United States represent a significant portion of our revenue before billable expenses, approximately 35% in 2024. These operations are exposed to risks that include local legislation, currency variation, exchange control restrictions, local labor and employment laws that hinder workforce flexibility, large-scale local or regional public health crises, and other difficult social, political or economic conditions. 

12

Table of Contents

We also must comply with applicable U.S., local and other international anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act (2010), which can be comprehensive, complex and stringent, in all jurisdictions where we operate, certain of which present heightened compliance challenges. Export controls and economic sanctions, such as those maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, can impose limitations on our ability to operate in certain geographic regions or to seek or service certain potential clients, including in Russia and, increasingly, China. These restrictions can place us at a competitive disadvantage with respect to those competitors who may not be subject to comparable restrictions. Failure to comply or to implement business practices that sufficiently prevent corruption or violation of sanctions laws could result in significant remediation expense and expose us to significant civil and criminal penalties and reputational harm.

In addition, in developing countries or regions, we may face further risks, such as slower receipt of payments, nationalization, social and economic instability, currency repatriation restrictions and undeveloped or inconsistently enforced commercial laws. These risks may limit our ability to grow our business and effectively manage our operations in those countries.

•
The costs of compliance with sustainability or other environmental, social responsibility or governance (ESG) laws, regulations or policies, including investor and client-driven policies and standards, could adversely affect our business.

We are increasingly impacted by the effects of climate change and laws and regulations related to climate and other ESG concerns. We could also incur related costs indirectly through our clients or investors. Increasingly our clients request that we comply with their own social responsibility, sustainability or other business policies or standards, which may be more restrictive than current laws and regulations, before they commence, or continue, doing business with us, and ESG issues are increasingly a focus of the investor community. If large shareholders were to reduce their ownership stakes in our Company as a result of dissatisfaction with our policies or efforts in this area, there could be negative impact on our stock price, and we could also suffer reputational harm. Further, if clients’ costs are adversely affected by climate change or related laws and regulations, this could negatively impact their spending on our advertising and marketing services. We could also face increased prices from our own suppliers that face climate change-related and other ESG costs and seek to pass on their increased costs to their customers.

In 2021, we committed to certain science-based emissions targets, the sourcing of 100% of our electricity needs from renewable sources by 2030 and the realization of net-zero carbon emissions by 2040. Some clients and investors may request that we commit to emissions targets and timeframes that may be more aggressive than the commitments we have already undertaken. Any setbacks in the feasibility or timing of the achievement of our commitments could result in reputational harm or damaged relationships with clients or consumers. We expect the financial and operational costs of complying with ESG laws and regulations or achieving our ESG goals and related certification requirements will grow significantly in future years. 

•
If our clients experience financial distress, it could negatively affect our own financial position and results.

We have a large and diverse client base, and at any given time, one or more of our clients may experience financial difficulty, file for bankruptcy protection or go out of business. Unfavorable economic and financial conditions, including those resulting from regional or global economic downturns, and military conflicts or other geopolitical risks could result in an increase in client financial difficulties that negatively affect us. The direct impact on us could include reduced revenues and write-offs of accounts receivable and expenditures billable to clients, and if these effects were severe, the indirect impact could include impairments of intangible assets, credit facility covenant violations and reduced liquidity.

•
If our clients seek to change or delay payment terms, it could negatively affect our own financial position and results.

In most of our businesses, our agencies enter into commitments to pay production and media costs on behalf of clients. The amounts involved substantially exceed our revenues and primarily affect the level of accounts receivable, expenditures billable to clients, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. To the extent possible, we pay production and media charges only after we have received funds from our clients. However, if clients are unable to pay for commitments that we have entered into on their behalf, or if clients seek to significantly delay or otherwise alter payment terms, there could be an adverse effect on our working capital, which would negatively impact our operating cash flow.

•
We face risks associated with our acquisitions and other investments.

We regularly undertake acquisitions and other investments that we believe will enhance our service offerings to our clients, such as our acquisitions of Acxiom in 2018 and RafterOne in 2022. These transactions can involve significant challenges and risks, including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or fails to produce a satisfactory return on our investment. Our customary business, legal and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved may be unsuccessful in ascertaining or evaluating all such risks. Though we typically structure our acquisitions to provide for future contingent purchase payments that are based on the future performance of the acquired entity, our forecasts of the investment’s future performance also factor into the initial consideration. When actual financial results differ, our returns on the investment could be adversely affected.

13

Table of Contents

We may also experience difficulty integrating new employees, businesses, assets or systems into our organization, including with respect to our internal policies and required controls. We may face reputational and legal risks in situations where we have a significant minority investment but limited control over the investment's operations. Furthermore, it may take longer than anticipated to realize the expected benefits from these transactions, or those benefits may ultimately be smaller than anticipated or may not be realized at all. Talent is among our most valuable assets, and we also may not realize the intended benefits of a transaction if we fail to retain targeted personnel. Acquisition and integration activity may also divert management’s attention and other corporate resources from other business needs. If we fail to realize the intended advantages of any given investment or acquisition, or if we do not identify or correctly measure the associated risks and liabilities, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Results

•
Our financial condition could be adversely affected if our available liquidity is insufficient.

Agency operating cash flows have a significant impact on our liquidity, and we maintain a commercial paper program, a committed corporate credit facility and uncommitted lines of credit to increase flexibility in support of our operating needs. If any of these sources were unavailable or insufficient, our liquidity and ability to adequately fund our operations could be adversely affected, and we could be required to refinance, restructure or otherwise amend some or all of our obligations, sell assets or raise additional cash in the capital markets, and there could be a negative impact on our credit ratings. Increases in interest rates raise our borrowing costs. We cannot assure you that we would be able to access any new sources of liquidity, including in the capital markets, on commercially reasonable terms or at all or, if accomplished, that we would raise sufficient funds to meet our needs.

We maintain a $1.5 billion committed corporate credit facility (the “Credit Agreement”) as a backstop source of liquidity. The Credit Agreement also supports our ability to borrow under our commercial paper program. Under our commercial paper program, we are authorized to issue short-term debt up to an aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $1.5 billion, which we may use for working capital and general corporate purposes. If credit under the Credit Agreement or our ability to access the commercial paper market were unavailable or insufficient, our liquidity could be adversely affected.

The Credit Agreement contains a leverage ratio and other, non-financial, covenants, and events like a material economic downturn could adversely affect our ability to comply with them. For example, compliance with the financial covenant would be more difficult to achieve if we were to experience increased indebtedness or substantially lower revenues, including as a result of economic downturns, client losses or a substantial increase in client defaults. If we were unable to comply with any of the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement, we could be required to seek an amendment or waiver from our lenders, and our costs under these agreements would likely increase. If we were unable to obtain a necessary amendment or waiver, the Credit Agreement could be terminated, any outstanding amounts could be subject to acceleration, and we could lose access to certain uncommitted financing arrangements and commercial paper.

For further discussion of our liquidity profile and outlook, see 
Liquidity and Capital Resources
 in Part II, Item 7, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
.

•
Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect us.

Because ratings are an important factor influencing our ability to access capital and the terms of any new indebtedness, including covenants and interest rates, we could be adversely affected if our credit ratings were downgraded or if they were significantly weaker than those of our competitors. Our access to the commercial paper market is contingent on our maintenance of sufficient short-term debt ratings, and any downgrades to those ratings could increase our borrowing costs and reduce the market capacity for, or our ability to issue, commercial paper. Our clients and vendors may also consider our credit profile when negotiating contract terms, and if they were to change the terms on which they deal with us, it could have an adverse effect on our liquidity.

•
Our earnings would be adversely affected if we were required to recognize asset impairment charges or increase our deferred tax valuation allowances.

We evaluate all of our long-lived assets (including goodwill, other intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets), investments and deferred tax assets for possible impairment or realizability annually or whenever there is an indication that they are impaired or not realizable. If certain criteria are met, we are required to record an impairment charge or valuation allowance. During the third quarter of 2024, we concluded that declines in the forecasted performance of one of our reporting units included within our MD&E segment, combined with the classification of R/GA and Huge, which comprised a significant portion of the reporting unit, as held for sale was a triggering event which required a goodwill impairment assessment, and we recorded non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $232.1 million.

As of December 31, 2024, we had substantial amounts of long-lived assets, deferred tax assets and investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, including approximately $4.7 billion of goodwill. Future events, including our financial performance, market valuation of us or market multiples of comparable companies, loss of a significant client’s business or 

14

Table of Contents

strategic decisions, could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that the asset values associated with long-lived assets, deferred tax assets and investments may have become impaired. Any significant impairment loss would have an adverse impact on our reported earnings in the period in which the charge is recognized. For further discussion of goodwill and other intangible assets, as well as our sensitivity analysis of our valuation of these assets, see 
Critical Accounting Estimates
 in Part II, Item 7, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
.

•
Our financial results are exposed to exchange rate risk.

 Because a significant portion of our business is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, such as the British Pound Sterling, the Euro, the Japanese Yen and Australian Dollar, fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and such currencies may adversely affect our financial results.

•
We may not be able to meet our performance targets and milestones.

From time to time, we communicate to the public certain targets and milestones for our financial and operating performance that are intended to provide metrics against which to evaluate our performance. They should not be understood as predictions or guidance about our expected performance. Our ability to meet any target or milestone is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, and we caution investors against placing undue reliance on them. See 
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure
.

Risks Relating to the Proposed Merger with Omnicom

•
Because the exchange ratio is fixed and because the market prices of shares of Omnicom common stock and IPG common stock will fluctuate, IPG stockholders cannot be certain of the market value of the merger consideration they will receive in the merger or the difference between the market value of the merger consideration they will receive in the merger and the market value of their shares of IPG common stock immediately prior to the merger.

At the time the merger is completed, each issued and outstanding share of IPG common stock will be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of 0.344 shares of Omnicom common stock, together with cash paid in lieu of the issuance of any fractional shares of Omnicom common stock. The exchange ratio for the merger consideration is fixed, and there will be no adjustment to the merger consideration, regardless of whether the market price of Omnicom common stock or IPG common stock changes prior to the completion of the merger. The market prices of Omnicom common stock and IPG common stock have fluctuated since the date on which Omnicom and IPG announced they entered into the Merger Agreement and will continue to fluctuate to the date on which IPG stockholders actually receive the merger consideration. The market prices of Omnicom common stock and IPG common stock will fluctuate during these periods as a result of a variety of factors, including general market and economic conditions, changes in Omnicom’s and IPG’s respective businesses, operations and prospects, market assessments of Omnicom’s and IPG’s businesses, operations and prospects and of the likelihood that the merger will be completed and regulatory considerations. Such factors are difficult to predict and in many cases are beyond the control of Omnicom and IPG. Consequently, at the time IPG stockholders must decide whether to approve the transaction, they will not know the market value of the merger consideration they will receive, which will depend on the market value of the shares of Omnicom common stock as of the effective time of merger.

•
IPG stockholders will have reduced ownership in the combined company and less influence over management.

Immediately after the completion of the merger, it is expected that Omnicom stockholders will own approximately 60.6% and IPG stockholders will own approximately 39.4% of the issued and outstanding shares of Omnicom common stock (As a result, current IPG stockholders will have less influence on the management and policies of the combined company than they currently have on the management and policies of IPG.

•
The merger may not be completed, and the Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms.

The merger is subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the merger. These conditions to the completion of the merger may not be satisfied or waived in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the merger may be delayed or may not be completed.

In addition, if the merger is not completed by December 8, 2025 (which date may be extended to June 8, 2026 in certain circumstances), either Omnicom or IPG may choose not to proceed with the merger by terminating the Merger Agreement, and the parties can mutually decide to terminate the Merger Agreement at any time, before or after stockholder approval. In addition, Omnicom and IPG may elect to terminate the Merger Agreement in certain other circumstances.

•
The Merger Agreement limits our ability to pursue alternatives to the merger, may discourage other companies from trying to acquire a significant interest in IPG common stock or assets and, in specified circumstances, could require us to pay Omnicom a termination fee.

The Merger Agreement contains provisions that may discourage a third party from submitting a proposal for a competing transaction, including the acquisition of a significant interest in our common stock or assets. These provisions include a general 

15

Table of Contents

prohibition on IPG from soliciting or entering into discussions with any third party regarding any such competing proposal. Furthermore, the Merger Agreement provides that if Omnicom terminates the Merger Agreement because IPG breaches certain of its obligations under the agreement, IPG will be required to pay Omnicom $439 million. In addition, if the Merger Agreement is terminated due to our failure to obtain IPG stockholder approval, and at such time, Omnicom has obtained stockholder approval, IPG, may be required to reimburse the other party for its expenses incurred in connection with the transaction in an amount not to exceed $25 million. 

•
Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact the price of shares of our common stock, as well as our business and financial results.

The Merger Agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the merger. There can be no assurance that all of the conditions to the completion of the merger will be satisfied or waived. If these conditions are not satisfied or waived, Omnicom and IPG will be unable to complete the merger.

If the merger is not completed for any reason, including the failure to receive the required approvals of the Omnicom stockholders or the IPG stockholders, Omnicom’s and IPG’s respective businesses and financial results may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the merger, we would be subject to a number of risks, including:

•
we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of IPG common stock; 

•
we may experience negative reactions from our clients, vendors, landlords, joint venture participants and other third parties with whom we do business, which in turn could affect our business operations or our ability to compete for new business or obtain renewals in the marketplace more broadly;

•
we may experience negative reactions from employees; 

•
we would will still be required to pay certain significant costs relating to the merger, including legal, accounting, financial advisor and printing fees; and 

•
our senior management team will have expended time and resources that could otherwise have been spent on our existing businesses and the pursuit of other opportunities that could have been beneficial to the Company, and our ongoing business and financial results may be adversely affected. 

In addition to the above risks, if the Merger Agreement is terminated and our directors seek an alternative transaction, the holders of IPG’s common stock cannot be certain that the Company will be able to find a party willing to engage in a transaction on more attractive terms than the merger. 

•
Uncertainties associated with the merger may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees, which could adversely affect the business and operations of the combined company following the merger.

Each of Omnicom and IPG depends on the experience and industry knowledge of its officers and other key employees to execute its business plans. The success of the combined company after the merger will depend, in part, on its ability to retain key management personnel and other key employees. Current and prospective employees of Omnicom and IPG may experience uncertainty about their roles within the combined company following the merger or other concerns regarding the timing and completion of the merger or the operations of the combined company following the merger, any of which may have an adverse effect on Omnicom’s and IPG’s ability to retain or attract key management and other key personnel. If Omnicom or IPG are unable to retain personnel, including Omnicom’s or IPG’s key management, who are critical to the future operations of the companies, Omnicom and IPG could face disruptions in their operations, loss of existing clients, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs. In addition, the loss of Omnicom’s and IPG’s key personnel could diminish the anticipated benefits of the merger. No assurance can be given that the combined company, following the merger, will be able to retain or attract Omnicom’s and IPG’s key management personnel and other key employees to the same extent that Omnicom and IPG have previously been able to retain or attract personnel.

•
Our and Omnicom’s business relationships may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the merger, which could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations or those of the combined company following the merger.

Parties with which we or Omnicom do business may experience uncertainty associated with the merger, including with respect to current or future business relationships with us or Omnicom or the combined company following the merger. Omnicom’s and IPG’s business relationships may be subject to disruption as clients, vendors, landlords, joint venture participants and other third parties with whom they do business may attempt to delay or defer entering into new business relationships, negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than Omnicom or IPG. These disruptions could have a material and adverse effect on our and Omnicom’s business, 

16

Table of Contents

financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, regardless of whether the merger is completed, as well as a material and adverse effect on the combined company’s ability to realize the expected cost savings, operating synergies and other benefits of the merger. The risk, and adverse effects, of any disruption could be exacerbated by a delay in completion of the merger or termination of the Merger Agreement.

•
Completion of the merger may trigger change-in-control or other provisions in certain agreements to which we are a party.

The completion of the merger may trigger change-in-control or other provisions in certain agreements, including certain of our debt arrangements, 

to which we are a party. If we are unable to negotiate amendments to or waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the applicable agreements, including in some instances potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. Even if we are able to negotiate amendments or waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for such amendments or waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to us or the combined company.

•
The Merger Agreement subjects us to restrictions on our business activities prior to the effective time of the merger.

The Merger Agreement restricts us from entering into certain corporate transactions and taking other specified actions without the consent of Omnicom, and generally requires us to continue our operations in the ordinary course through the completion of the merger. These restrictions could be in place for an extended period of time if completion of the merger is delayed and could prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the merger. 

•
We are expected to incur significant costs in connection with the merger and integration of the two companies, which may be in excess of those currently anticipated.

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with negotiating and completing the merger and combining our operations with those of Omnicom. These costs have been, and will continue to be, substantial. The substantial majority of non-recurring costs will consist of transaction costs related to the merger and include, among others, fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, filing fees, employee retention and other employment-related costs, and debt restructuring costs. We will bear many of these costs even if the merger is not completed. 

We will also incur transaction costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities, systems and service contract consolidation costs and employment-related costs. We may incur additional unanticipated costs in connection with the merger and the integration of our businesses with those of Omnicom. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other synergies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow the combined company to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. For additional information, see the risk factor entitled “—
The failure to integrate IPG's and Omnicom’s businesses and operations successfully in the expected time frame may adversely affect the combined company’s business and results of operations
” below. The costs described above, as well as other unanticipated costs and expenses, could adversely affect the financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the combined company following the completion of the merger.

•
Litigation relating to the merger, if any, could result in an injunction preventing the completion of the merger and/or substantial costs to IPG.

Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into acquisition, merger or other business combination agreements like the Merger Agreement. Even if such a lawsuit is without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and require management time and resources. An adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial condition. Lawsuits that may be brought against us, Omnicom, or our respective directors could also seek, among other things, injunctive relief or other equitable relief, including a request to rescind parts of the Merger Agreement already implemented and to otherwise enjoin the parties from consummating the merger. One of the conditions to the closing of the merger is that no Law or Order (each as defined in the Merger Agreement) is promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted or issued by any governmental entity of competent jurisdiction in which either Omnicom and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) or IPG and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) have material assets or material business operations, which prohibits, restrains or makes illegal the consummation of the merger. Consequently, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting completion of the merger, that injunction may delay or prevent the merger from being completed within the expected timeframe or at all, which may adversely affect our or Omnicom’s respective businesses, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, either Omnicom or IPG may terminate the Merger Agreement if any Law or Order has been promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted or issued by any governmental entity of competent jurisdiction in which either Omnicom and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) or IPG and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) have material assets or material business operations, which is in effect and permanently prohibits, restrains, enjoins or makes illegal the consummation of the merger, so long as a material breach by a party to the Merger Agreement of any of its obligations under the agreement has not been the primary cause of, or resulted in, the enactment or issuance of such Law or Order.

17

Table of Contents

There can be no assurance that any of the defendants would be successful in the outcome of any potential future lawsuits. The defense or settlement of any lawsuit or claim that remains unresolved at the time the merger is completed may adversely affect the combined company’s business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

•
The failure to integrate IPG's and Omnicom’s businesses and operations successfully in the expected time frame may adversely affect the combined company’s business and results of operations.

IPG and Omnicom have operated and, until the completion of the merger, will continue to operate independently. Following the completion of the merger, our companies’ businesses may not be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the loss of clients, service providers, vendors or other business counterparties, the disruption of either company’s or both companies’ ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays, or regulatory conditions associated with and following completion of the merger; or higher-than-expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Specifically, the following challenges, among others, must be addressed in integrating IPG’s and Omnicom’s operations in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger:

•
combining the companies’ operations and corporate functions and the resulting difficulties associated with managing a larger, more complex, diversified business;

•
combining the companies’ businesses in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the cost savings and operating synergies anticipated to result from the merger;

•
avoiding delays in connection with the completion of the merger or the integration process;

•
integrating personnel from the two companies and minimizing the loss of key employees;

•
identifying and eliminating redundant functions and assets; 

•
harmonizing the companies’ operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes and successfully implementing the foregoing;

•
maintaining existing agreements with clients, service providers, vendors and other business counterparties and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective clients, service providers, vendors and other business counterparties;

•
addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; and 

•
consolidating the companies’ operating, administrative and information technology infrastructure and financial systems 

In addition, at times the attention of certain members of either company’s or both companies’ management and resources may be focused on completion of the merger and the integration of the businesses of the two companies and may reduce their availability for day-to-day business operations or other opportunities that may be beneficial, which may disrupt each company’s ongoing operations and the operations of the combined company. Furthermore, following the merger, the board of directors and executive leadership of the combined company will consist of former directors from each of Omnicom and IPG and former executive officers from each of Omnicom and IPG. Combining the boards of directors and management teams of each company into a single board and a single management team could require the reconciliation of differing priorities and philosophies.

•
The merger may result in a loss of clients, service providers, vendors, joint venture participants and other business counterparties, and may result in the termination of existing contracts.

Following the merger, some of Omnicom’s and IPG’s clients, service providers, vendors, joint venture participants and other business counterparties may terminate or scale back their current or prospective business relationships with the combined company. In addition, Omnicom and IPG have contracts with clients, service providers, vendors, joint venture participants and other business counterparties that may require Omnicom or IPG to obtain consents from these other parties in connection with the merger, which may not be obtained on favorable terms or at all. If relationships with clients, service providers, vendors, joint venture participants and other business counterparties are adversely affected by the merger, or if the combined company, following the merger, loses the benefits of the contracts of Omnicom or IPG, the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the combined company could be adversely affected.

•
The combined company may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the merger.

The success of the merger will depend, in part, on Omnicom’s ability to realize the cost savings, operating synergies and other benefits from combining Omnicom’s and IPG’s businesses. The anticipated cost savings, operating synergies and other benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, or may result in other adverse effects that Omnicom does not currently foresee, in which case, among other things, the merger may not be accretive to adjusted earnings per share for both Omnicom and IPG and may not generate significant cash to return to stockholders via dividends, share repurchases or other means. Some of the assumptions that we and Omnicom have made, such as the 

18

Table of Contents

achievement of the anticipated benefits related to combining complementary assets to create a portfolio of services and products that expand client opportunities, and advances in both companies’ ability to innovate and develop new products and services, may not be realized. The integration process may, for each of Omnicom and IPG, result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. In addition, there could be potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the merger that could adversely impact the combined company.

•
The future results of the combined company following the merger will suffer if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded operations.

Following the merger, the size and complexity of the combined company will increase significantly compared to the business of each of Omnicom and IPG. The combined company’s future success will depend, in part, upon its ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management of a larger number of operations and geographies and associated increased costs and complexity. The combined company may also face increased scrutiny from, and/or additional regulatory requirements of, governmental authorities as a result of the significant increase in the size and complexity of its business. There can be no assurances that the combined company will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating synergies, cost savings or other benefits currently anticipated from the merger.

19

Table of Contents