We are subject to a variety of possible risks that could
 adversely impact our revenues, results of operations or
 financial condition. Some of these risks relate to the industry
 in which we operate, while others are more specific to us. The
 following factors set out potential risks we have identified
 that could adversely affect us. See also Statement Regarding
 Forward-Looking Disclosure.

 •  

 We have numerous material weaknesses in our internal
 control over financial reporting and extensive work remaining to
 remediate these weaknesses.

 We have identified numerous material weaknesses in our internal
 control over financial reporting, and our internal control over
 financial reporting was not effective as of December 31,
 2006. For a detailed description of these material weaknesses,
 see Item 8, Management’s Assessment of Internal
 Control Over Financial Reporting, in this report. Each of our
 material weaknesses results in more than a remote likelihood
 that a material misstatement will not be prevented or detected.
 Given the extensive material weaknesses identified, there is a
 risk of errors not being prevented or detected, which could
 require us to restate our financial statements in the future.
 Any such restatements could result in or contribute to
 regulatory actions or civil litigation, ratings downgrades,
 negative publicity or difficulties in attracting or retaining
 key clients, employees and management personnel.

 We incurred significant professional fees and other expenses in
 2006 to prepare our consolidated financial statements and to
 comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in particular as a result of the
 extent of the deficiencies in our internal control over
 financial reporting and the extensive additional work and
 resources required to obtain reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of our financial statements. The cost of this work
 will continue to be significant in 2007 and beyond.

 Because of our decentralized structure and our many disparate
 accounting systems of varying quality and sophistication, we
 have extensive work remaining to remediate our material
 weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. We have
 developed a work plan with the goal of remediating all of the
 identified material weaknesses by the time we file our Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K
 for the year ending December 31, 2007. There can be no
 assurance, however, as to when the remediation plan will be
 fully implemented and all the material weaknesses remediated.
 Until our remediation is completed, there will also continue to
 be a risk that we will be unable to file future periodic reports
 with the SEC in a timely manner and that a default could result
 under the indentures governing our debt securities, under any of
 our credit facilities or under any credit facilities of our
 subsidiaries.

 •  

 Ongoing SEC investigations regarding our accounting
 restatements could adversely affect us.

 The SEC opened a formal investigation in response to the
 restatement we first announced in August 2002 and the
 investigation expanded to encompass the restatement we presented
 in our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2004 that we filed in
 September 2005 (the “2005 Restatement”). In
 particular, since we filed our 2004 Annual Report on

Form 10-K,
 we have received subpoenas from the SEC relating to matters
 addressed in our 2005 Restatement. We have also responded to
 inquiries from the SEC staff concerning the restatement of the
 first three quarters of 2005 that we made in our 2005 Annual
 Report on

Form 10-K.
 We continue to cooperate with the investigation. We expect that
 the investigation will result in monetary liability, but because
 the investigation is ongoing, in particular with respect to the
 2005 Restatement, we cannot reasonably estimate the amount,
 range of amounts or timing of a resolution. Accordingly, we have
 not yet established any accounting provision relating to these
 matters. Adverse developments in connection with the
 investigation, including any expansion of the scope of the
 investigation, could also negatively impact us and could divert
 the efforts and attention of our management team from our
 ordinary business operations.

 •  

 We operate in a highly competitive industry.

 7

Table of Contents

 The marketing communications business is highly competitive. Our
 agencies and media services must compete with other agencies,
 and with other providers of creative or media services, in order
 to maintain existing client relationships and to win new
 clients. The client’s perception of the quality of an
 agency’s creative work, our reputation and the
 agencies’ reputations are important factors in determining
 our competitive position. An agency’s ability to serve
 clients, particularly large international clients, on a broad
 geographic basis is also an important competitive consideration.
 On the other hand, because an agency’s principal asset is
 its people, freedom of entry into the business is almost
 unlimited and a small agency is, on occasion, able to take all
 or some portion of a client’s account from a much larger
 competitor.

 Many companies put their advertising and marketing
 communications business up for competitive review from time to
 time. We have won and lost client accounts in the past as a
 result of such periodic competitions. Our ability to attract new
 clients and to retain existing clients may also, in some cases,
 be limited by clients’ policies or perceptions about
 conflicts of interest. These policies can, in some cases,
 prevent one agency, or even different agencies under our
 ownership, from performing similar services for competing
 products or companies.

 •  

 We may lose or fail to attract and retain key employees
 and management personnel.

 Employees, including creative, research, media, account and
 practice group specialists, and their skills and relationships
 with clients, are among our most important assets. An important
 aspect of our competitiveness is our ability to attract and
 retain key employees and management personnel. Our ability to do
 so is influenced by a variety of factors, including the
 compensation we award, and could be adversely affected by our
 recent financial or market performance.

 •  

 As a marketing services company, our revenues are highly
 susceptible to declines as a result of unfavorable economic
 conditions.

 Economic downturns often more severely affect the marketing
 services industry than other industries. In the past, some
 clients have responded to weak economic performance in any
 region where we operate by reducing their marketing budgets,
 which are generally discretionary in nature and easier to reduce
 in the short-term than other expenses related to operations.
 This pattern may recur in the future.

 •  

 Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect
 us.

 Our long-term debt is currently rated Ba3 with negative outlook
 by Moody’s, B CreditWatch negative by Standard and
 Poor’s, and B with negative outlook by Fitch. It is
 possible that our credit ratings will be reduced further.
 Ratings downgrades or comparatively weak ratings can adversely
 affect us, because ratings are an important factor influencing
 our ability to access capital. Our clients and vendors may also
 consider our credit profile when negotiating contract terms, and
 if they were to change the terms on which they deal with us, it
 could have a significant adverse effect on our liquidity.

 •  

 Our liquidity profile could be adversely affected.

 In previous years, we have experienced operating losses and weak
 operating cash flow. Until our margins consistently improve in
 connection with our turnaround, cash generation from operations
 could be challenged in certain periods. This could have a
 negative impact on our liquidity in future years and could lead
 us to seek new or additional sources of liquidity to fund our
 working capital needs. There can be no guarantee that we would
 be able to access any new sources of liquidity on commercially
 reasonable terms or at all. If we were unable to do so, our
 liquidity position could be adversely affected.

 •  

 If some of our clients experience financial distress,
 their weakened financial position could negatively affect our
 own financial position and results.

 We have a large and diverse client base, and at any given time,
 one or more of our clients may experience financial distress,
 file for bankruptcy protection or go out of business. If any
 client with whom we have a substantial amount of business
 experiences financial difficulty, it could delay or jeopardize
 the collection of accounts receivable, may result in significant
 reductions in services provided by us and may have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
 and liquidity. For a description of our client base, see
 Item 1, Business — Clients.

 •  

 International business risks could adversely affect our
 operations.

 8

Table of Contents

 International revenues represent a significant portion of our
 revenues, approximately 44% in 2006. Our international
 operations are exposed to risks that affect foreign operations
 of all kinds, including local legislation, monetary devaluation,
 exchange control restrictions and unstable political conditions.
 These risks may limit our ability to grow our business and
 effectively manage our operations in those countries. In
 addition, because a significant portion of our business is
 denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, such
 as the Euro, Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Brazilian Real,
 Japanese Yen and South African Rand, fluctuations in exchange
 rates between the U.S. dollar and such currencies may
 materially affect our financial results.

 •  

 In 2006 and prior years, we recognized impairment charges
 and increased our deferred tax valuation allowances, and we may
 be required to record additional charges in the future related
 to these matters.

 We evaluate all of our long-lived assets (including goodwill,
 other intangible assets and fixed assets), investments and
 deferred tax assets for possible impairment or realizability at
 least annually and whenever there is an indication of impairment
 or lack of realizability. If certain criteria are met, we are
 required to record an impairment charge or valuation allowance.
 In the past, we have recorded substantial amounts of goodwill,
 investment and other impairment charges, and have been required
 to establish substantial valuation allowances with respect to
 deferred tax assets and loss carry-forwards.

 As of December 31, 2006, we have substantial amounts of
 long-lived assets, investments and deferred tax assets on our
 Consolidated Balance Sheet. Future events, including our
 financial performance and strategic decisions, could cause us to
 conclude that further impairment indicators exist and that the
 asset values associated with long-lived assets, investments and
 deferred tax assets may have become impaired. Any resulting
 impairment loss would have an adverse impact on our reported
 earnings in the period in which the charge is recognized.

 • 

 We may not be able to meet our performance targets and
 milestones.

 From time to time, we communicate to the market certain targets
 and milestones for our financial and operating performance
 including, but not limited to, the areas of revenue growth,
 operating expense reduction and operating margin growth. These
 targets and milestones are intended to provide metrics against
 which to evaluate our performance, but they should not be
 understood as predictions or guidance about our expected
 performance. Our ability to meet any target or milestone is
 subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, and we caution
 investors against placing undue reliance on them. See
 “Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure.”

 • 

 We are subject to regulations and other governmental
 scrutiny that could restrict our activities or negatively impact
 our revenues.

 Our industry is subject to government regulation and other
 governmental action, both domestic and foreign. There has been
 an increasing tendency on the part of advertisers and consumer
 groups to challenge advertising through legislation, regulation,
 the courts or otherwise, for example on the grounds that the
 advertising is false and deceptive or injurious to public
 welfare. Through the years, there has been a continuing
 expansion of specific rules, prohibitions, media restrictions,
 labeling disclosures and warning requirements with respect to
 the advertising for certain products. Representatives within
 government bodies, both domestic and foreign, continue to
 initiate proposals to ban the advertising of specific products
 and to impose taxes on or deny deductions for advertising,
 which, if successful, may have an adverse effect on advertising
 expenditures and consequently our revenues.