The
 following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, financial
 condition, results of operations, and cash flows. These risk factors should
 be
 considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements
 contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these factors could cause
 the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected
 in
 forward-looking statements. Before you invest in our publicly traded securities,
 you should know that making such an investment involves some risks, including
 the risks described below. If any of the risks actually occur, our business,
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected.
 In
 that case, the trading price of our Class A common shares could decline, and
 you
 may lose all or part of your investment.

Risks
 Relating to Our Businesses

Currency
 exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations may adversely affect our
 results.

We
 are
 exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in
 non-U.S. currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. See
 Part II Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk.

More
 than
 45% of our 2007 net revenues were derived outside the U.S., and we expect sales
 to non-U.S. customers to continue to represent a significant portion of our
 consolidated net revenues. Although we enter into currency exchange contracts
 to
 reduce our risk related to currency exchange fluctuations, changes in the
 relative values of currencies occur from time to time and may, in some
 instances, have a significant effect on our results of operations. Because
 we do
 not hedge against all of our currency exposure, our business will continue
 to be
 susceptible to currency fluctuations. 

Furthermore,
 the reporting currency for our financial statements is the U.S. dollar. We
 have
 assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses denominated in currencies other
 than
 the U.S. dollar. To prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must
 translate those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars
 at
 the applicable exchange rates. Consequently, increases and decreases in the
 value of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies will affect the amount of
 these
 items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not
 changed in their original currency. 

We
 are
 also a large buyer of steel and non-ferrous metals, as well as other commodities
 required for the manufacture of our products. Volatility in the prices of these
 commodities could increase the costs of our products and services. We may not
 be
 able to pass on these costs to our customers and this could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. On a limited basis,
 we purchase commodity derivatives which reduce the volatility of the commodity
 prices for supplier contracts where fixed pricing is not available.

Our
 global operations subject us to economic risks.

Our
 global operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased and sold
 in the U.S. and internationally, including China, Brazil, Africa and Eastern
 Europe. These activities are subject to risks that are inherent in operating
 globally, including the following:

 ·

 countries
 could change regulations or impose currency restrictions and other
 restraints;

 11

 ·

 in
 some countries, there is a risk that the government may expropriate
 assets;

 ·

 some
 countries impose burdensome tariffs and
 quotas;

 ·

 national
 and international conflict, including terrorist acts, could significantly
 impact our financial condition and results of operations;
 and

 ·

 economic
 downturns, political instability and war or civil disturbances may
 disrupt
 production and distribution logistics or limit sales in individual
 markets.

We
 face continuing risks relating to settlements with the U.S. Securities and
 Exchange Commission (SEC) and the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) arising
 from
 certain payments made in 2000-2003 by foreign subsidiaries in connection with
 the United Nations’ Oil For Food Program.

On
 November 10, 2004, the SEC issued an Order directing that a number of public
 companies, including us, provide information relating to their participation
 in
 certain transactions under the United Nations’ Oil for Food Program. Upon
 receipt of the Order, we undertook a thorough review of our participation in
 the
 Oil for Food Program and provided the SEC with information responsive to its
 investigation of our participation in the program. On October 31, 2007, we
 announced that we had reached settlements with the SEC and the DOJ relating
 to
 certain payments made by our foreign subsidiaries in 2000-2003 in connection
 with the Oil For Food Program. Pursuant to the settlements with the SEC and
 DOJ,
 we have, among other things, (i) consented to the entry of a civil injunction
 in
 the SEC action, (ii) entered into a three-year deferred prosecution agreement
 with the DOJ, and (iii) agreed to implement improvements to our compliance
 program designed to enhance detection and prevention of violations of the
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (FCPA) and other applicable
 anti-corruption laws. If the DOJ determines, in its sole discretion, that we
 have committed a federal crime or have otherwise breached the deferred
 prosecution agreement during its three-year term, we may be subject to
 prosecution for any federal criminal violation of which the DOJ has knowledge,
 including, without limitation, violations of the FCPA in connection with the
 Oil
 For Food Program. Breaches of the settlements with SEC and DOJ may also subject
 us to, among other things, further enforcement actions by the SEC or the DOJ,
 securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of
 which could adversely affect our business prospects and the market value of
 our
 stock. For a further discussion of the settlements with the SEC and DOJ, see
 “Legal Proceedings.” 

Material
 adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements could adversely affect
 our financial health.

We
 estimate that our available cash and our cash flow from operations will be
 adequate to fund our operations for the foreseeable future. In making this
 estimate, we have not assumed the need to make any material payments in
 connection with any pending litigation or investigations. As required by
 generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, we establish
 reserves based on our assessment of contingencies. Subsequent developments
 in
 legal proceedings, including current or future asbestos-related litigation,
 may
 affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a
 reserve and we may be required to make additional material payments, which
 could
 result in an adverse effect on our results of operations.

Such
 an
 outcome could have important consequences. For example, it could: 

 ·

 increase
 our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

 12

 ·

 limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses
 and the industries in which we operate;

 ·

 restrict
 our ability to exploit business opportunities;
 and

 ·

 make
 it more difficult for us to satisfy our payment obligations with
 respect
 to our outstanding indebtedness.

Significant
 shortages in the raw materials we use in our businesses and higher energy prices
 could increase our operating costs.

We
 rely
 on suppliers to secure raw materials, particularly steel and non-ferrous metals,
 required for the manufacture of our products. A disruption in deliveries from
 our suppliers or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities could
 have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers
 or
 increase our operating costs. We believe that available sources of supply will
 generally be sufficient for our needs for the foreseeable future. Nonetheless,
 the unavailability of some raw materials may have an adverse effect on our
 results of operations or financial condition.

Additionally,
 we are exposed to large fluctuations for the price of petroleum-based fuel
 due
 to the instability of current market prices. Higher energy costs increase our
 operating costs and the cost of shipping our products to customers around the
 world. Consequently, sharp price increases, the imposition of taxes or an
 interruption of supply, could cause us to lose the ability to effectively manage
 the risk of rising fuel prices and may have an adverse effect on our results
 of
 operations or financial condition. 

Implementing
 our acquisition strategy involves risks and our failure to successfully
 implement this strategy could have a material adverse effect on our
 business.

One
 of
 our key strategies is to grow our business by selectively pursuing strategic
 acquisitions. Since 2000, we have completed approximately 65 acquisitions,
 and
 we recently announced that we had executed a definitive agreement to acquire
 Trane Inc. in a transaction currently valued at approximately $9.5 billion.
 We
 may continue to actively pursue additional strategic acquisition opportunities.
 Although we have been successful with this strategy in the past, we may not
 be
 able to grow our business in the future through acquisitions for a number of
 reasons, including:

 ·

 encountering
 difficulties identifying and executing
 acquisitions;

 ·

 increased
 competition for targets, which may increase acquisition
 costs;

 ·

 consolidation
 in our industries reducing the number of acquisition
 targets;

 ·

 competition
 laws and regulations preventing us from making certain acquisitions;
 and

 ·

 the
 ability to secure necessary
 financing.

In
 addition, there are potential risks associated with growing our business through
 acquisitions, including the failure to successfully integrate and realize the
 expected benefits of an acquisition. For example, with any past or future
 acquisition, there is the possibility that:

 13

 ·

 the
 business culture of the acquired business may not match well with
 our
 culture;

 ·

 technological
 and product synergies, economies of scale and cost reductions may
 not
 occur as expected;

 ·

 management
 may be distracted from overseeing existing operations by the need
 to
 integrate acquired businesses;

 ·

 we
 may acquire or assume unexpected
 liabilities;

 ·

 unforeseen
 difficulties may arise in integrating operations and
 systems;

 ·

 we
 may fail to retain and assimilate employees of the acquired business;
 and

 ·

 we
 may experience problems in retaining customers and integrating customer
 bases.

Failure
 to continue implementing our acquisition strategy, including successfully
 integrating acquired businesses, could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks
 Relating to Our Reorganization as a Bermuda Company

The
 reorganization exposed us and our shareholders to the risks described below.
 In
 addition, we cannot be assured that the anticipated benefits of the
 reorganization will be realized.

Changes
 in tax laws, adverse determinations by taxing authorities and changes in our
 status under U.S. or other tax laws could increase our tax burden and affect
 our
 operating results, as well as subject our shareholders to additional taxes.

The
 realization of any tax benefit related to our reorganization could be impacted
 by changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation
 or
 enforcement thereof by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) or any other tax
 authority. From time to time, proposals have been made and/or legislation has
 been introduced to change the U.S. tax law that if enacted could increase our
 tax burden and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition
 and results of operations. 

While
 our
 U.S. operations are subject to U.S. tax, we believe that a significant portion
 of our non-U.S. operations are generally not subject to U.S. tax other than
 withholding taxes. Our conclusions are based on, among other things, our
 determination that we, and a significant portion of our foreign subsidiaries,
 are not currently “controlled foreign corporations” (CFCs) within the meaning of
 the U.S. tax laws, although the IRS or a court may not concur with our
 conclusions. A non-U.S. corporation, such as us, will constitute a CFC for
 U.S.
 federal income tax purposes if certain ownership criteria are met. If the IRS
 or
 a court determined that we (or any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries) were a CFC,
 then each of our U.S. shareholders who own (directly, indirectly, or
 constructively) 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes
 of
 our stock (or the stock of any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries) on the last day
 of
 the applicable taxable year (a "10% U.S. Voting Shareholder") would be required
 to include in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its pro rata
 share of our subpart F and other similar types of income (and the subpart F
 and
 other similar types of income of any of our subsidiaries determined to be a
 CFC)
 for the period during which we (and our non-U.S. subsidiaries) were a CFC.
 In
 addition, gain on the sale of our shares realized by such a shareholder may
 be
 treated as ordinary income to the extent of the shareholder's proportionate
 share of our and our CFC subsidiaries' undistributed earnings and profits
 accumulated during the shareholder's holding period of the shares while we
 (or
 any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries) are a CFC. Treatment of us or any of our
 non-U.S. subsidiaries as a CFC could have a material adverse impact on our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 14

On
 July
 20, 2007, we, and our consolidated subsidiaries, received a notice from the
 IRS
 containing proposed adjustments to our consolidated subsidiaries’ tax filings in
 connection with an audit of the 2001 and 2002 tax years. The IRS did not contest
 the validity of our reincorporation in Bermuda. The most significant adjustments
 proposed by the IRS involve treating the entire intercompany debt incurred
 in
 connection with our reincorporation in Bermuda as equity. As a result of this
 recharacterization, the IRS has disallowed the deduction of interest paid on
 the
 debt and imposed dividend withholding taxes on the payments denominated as
 interest. Proposed adjustments on this issue, if upheld in their entirety,
 would
 result in additional taxes with respect to the 2002 tax year of approximately
 $190 million plus interest and would require us to record additional charges
 associated with this matter. 
For
 a
 further discussion of 
the
 IRS
 audit
,
 see
“Legal Proceedings” and 
Note
 18,
 Income Taxes, to the consolidated financial statements.

We
 strongly disagree with the view of the IRS and are vigorously contesting these
 proposed adjustments. Although the outcome of this matter cannot be predicted
 with certainty, based upon an analysis of the strength of our position, we
 believe that we have adequately reserved for this matter. At this time, the
 IRS
 has not yet begun their examination of our consolidated subsidiaries’ tax
 filings for years subsequent to the 2002 tax year. We believe it likely, if
 the
 above adjustments or a portion of such adjustments by the IRS are ultimately
 sustained, that these adjustments will also affect subsequent tax
 years.

As
 noted
 above, the IRS did not contest the validity of our reincorporation in Bermuda
 in
 the above-mentioned notice. We believe that neither we nor our consolidated
 subsidiary IR-New Jersey will incur significant U.S. federal income or
 withholding taxes as a result of the transfer of the shares of our subsidiaries
 that occurred as part of the reorganization. However, we cannot give any
 assurances that the IRS will agree with our determination.

The
 inability to realize any anticipated tax benefits related to our reorganization,
 discussed above in this section “Risks Relating to our Reorganization as a
 Bermuda Company”, could have a material adverse impact on our financial
 condition and results of operations.

Legislation
 regarding non-U.S. chartered companies could adversely affect us and our
 subsidiaries.

The
 U.S.
 federal government and various other states and municipalities have proposed
 or
 may propose legislation intended to deny government contracts to U.S. companies
 that reincorporate outside of the U.S. For instance, The Homeland Security
 Appropriations Act, signed into law October 18, 2004, includes a provision
 that
 prohibits reincorporated companies from entering into contracts with the
 Department of Homeland Security for funds available under the Homeland Security
 Appropriations Act. In addition, the State of California adopted legislation
 intended to limit the eligibility of certain Bermuda and other non-U.S.
 chartered companies to participate in certain state contracts and the State
 of
 North Carolina enacted a bill that provides a preference for North Carolina
 or
 U.S. products and services. Generally, these types of legislation relate to
 direct sales and distribution, while we typically sell our products through
 distributors. However, we are unable to predict with any level of certainty
 the
 likelihood or final form of these types of legislation, the nature of
 regulations that may be promulgated thereunder, or the impact such enactments
 and increased regulatory scrutiny may have on our business. We cannot provide
 any assurance that the impact on us of any adopted or proposed legislation
 in
 this area will not be materially adverse to our operations. 

 15

Bermuda
 law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less
 protection to holders of our securities.

We
 are
 organized under the laws of Bermuda. It may not be possible to enforce court
 judgments in Bermuda that are obtained in the U.S. against us or our directors
 or officers in Bermuda based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S.
 federal or state securities laws. We have been advised that the U.S. and Bermuda
 do not currently have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and
 enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final
 judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court
 based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state
 securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Bermuda.

In
 addition, as a result of Bermuda law, it would be difficult for a holder of
 our
 securities to effect service of process within the United States. However,
 we
 have irrevocably agreed that we may be served with process with respect to
 actions based on offers and sales of securities made in the United States by
 having Ingersoll-Rand Company, 155 Chestnut Ridge Road, Montvale, New Jersey
 07645, be our U.S. agent appointed for that purpose.

Bermuda
 companies are governed by the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, which differs
 in
 some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations
 and
 shareholders, including, among others, differences relating to interested
 director and officer transactions, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification.
 Under Bermuda law, the duties of directors and officers of a Bermuda company
 are
 generally owed to the company only. Shareholders of Bermuda companies do not
 generally have rights to take action against directors or officers of the
 company, and may only do so in limited circumstances. Under Bermuda law, a
 company may also agree to indemnify directors and officers for any personal
 liability, not involving fraud or dishonesty, incurred in relation to the
 company. Thus, our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their
 interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in
 a
 jurisdiction of the U.S.