The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The risk factors
below are not the only risks faced by the Company. These risk factors should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these factors could cause the actual results
and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Before you invest in our publicly traded securities, you should know that making such an investment involves some risks, including the risks described below. If
any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. In that case, the trading price of our ordinary shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Oil for Food Program and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) matters. 

On November 10, 2004, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued an Order directing that a number of public companies, including us,
provide information relating to their participation in transactions under the United Nations’ Oil for Food Program. Upon receipt of the Order, we undertook a thorough review of our participation in the Oil for Food Program, provided the SEC
with information responsive to the Order and provided additional information requested by the SEC. On October 31, 2007, we announced we had reached settlements with the SEC and the Department of Justice (DOJ) relating to this matter. Under the
terms of the settlements, we paid a total of $6.7 million in penalties, interest and disgorgement of profits. We consented to the entry of a civil injunction in the SEC action and entered into a three-year deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) with
the DOJ. The DPA expired on October 31, 2010. Under both settlements, we have implemented and will continue to implement improvements to our compliance program that are consistent with our longstanding policy against improper payments. On
February 16, 2011, the DOJ filed a motion to dismiss the Oil for Food charges against us. In its motion, the DOJ noted that we fully cooperated with the investigation, and that we had met our obligations regarding improving our compliance policies
and procedures relating to the FCPA. 

Additionally, we have reported to the DOJ and SEC certain matters which raise potential issues under the
FCPA and other applicable anti-corruption laws, including matters which were reported during the past year. We have conducted, and continue to conduct, investigations and have had preliminary discussions with respect to these matters with the SEC
and DOJ, which are ongoing. The SEC has sought additional information and documents regarding certain of these and other matters. These matters may be deemed to violate the FCPA and other applicable anti-corruption laws. Such
determinations could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, equitable remedies (including profit disgorgement and injunctions on future conduct), securities litigation and a general loss of investor
confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our business prospects, financial position, or the market value of our stock. 

Our
global operations subject us to economic risks. 

Our global operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased and sold in
the U.S. and internationally, including Europe, China, Brazil, Venezuela, Africa, India and Turkey. These activities are subject to risks that are inherent in operating globally, including the following: 

•

 countries could change regulations or impose currency restrictions and other restraints; 

•

 in some countries, there is a risk that the government may expropriate assets; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 some countries impose burdensome tariffs and quotas; 

•

 national and international conflict, including terrorist acts, could significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations; and

•

 economic downturns, political instability and war or civil disturbances may disrupt production and distribution logistics or limit sales in individual
markets. 

Currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations may adversely affect our results.

We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and
interest rates. See Part II Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

More than 35% of our 2010 net
revenues were derived outside the U.S., and we expect sales to non-U.S. customers to continue to represent a significant portion of our consolidated net revenues. Although we enter into currency exchange contracts to reduce our risk related to
currency exchange fluctuations, changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time and may, in some instances, have a significant effect on our results of operations. Because we do not hedge against all of our currency exposure,
our business will continue to be susceptible to currency fluctuations. 

Furthermore, the reporting currency for our financial statements is
the U.S. dollar. We have assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. To prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into U.S.
dollars at the applicable exchange rates. Consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not
changed in their original currency. 

We are also a large buyer of steel and non-ferrous metals, as well as other commodities required for the
manufacture of our products. Volatility in the prices of these commodities could increase the costs of our products and services. We may not be able to pass on these costs to our customers and this could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and cash flows. Although we do not currently, we may purchase commodity derivatives in the future which could reduce the near-term volatility of the commodity prices for supplier contracts where fixed pricing is not available. However,
the Company’s hedging activities would not be designed to mitigate long-term commodity price fluctuations and, therefore, would not protect the Company from long-term commodity price increases. 

Material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. Our business may be adversely affected by the outcome of these proceedings and
other contingencies (including, without limitation, asbestos-related matters) that cannot be predicted with certainty. As required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, we establish reserves based on our assessment of
contingencies. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings and other contingencies may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a reserve and we may be required to make additional material payments, which could result
in an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Such an outcome could have important consequences. For example, it
could: 

•

 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

 restrict our ability to exploit business opportunities; and 

•

 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our payment obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness. 

Significant shortages in the raw materials we use in our businesses and higher energy prices could increase our operating costs.

We rely on suppliers to secure raw materials, particularly steel and non-ferrous metals, required for the manufacture of our
products. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. We believe that
available sources of supply will generally be sufficient for our needs for the foreseeable future. Nonetheless, the unavailability of some raw materials may have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Additionally, we are exposed to large fluctuations for the price of petroleum-based fuel due to the instability of current market prices. Higher energy
costs increase our operating costs and the cost of shipping our products to, and supplying services to, customers around the world. Consequently, sharp price increases, the imposition of taxes or an interruption of supply, could cause us to lose the
ability to effectively manage the risk of rising fuel prices and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Changes in weather patterns and seasonal fluctuations may adversely affect certain segments of the Company’s business and impact overall results of operations. 

Demand for certain segments of the Company’s products and services is influenced by weather conditions. For instance, Trane’s sales have
historically tended to be seasonally higher in the second and third quarters of the year because, in the U.S. and other northern hemisphere markets, summer is the peak season for sales of air conditioning systems and services. Additionally, while
there is demand for Trane’s products and services throughout the year, a significant percentage of total sales are related to U.S. residential and commercial construction activity, which is generally higher in the second and third quarters of
the year. Therefore, results of any quarterly period may not be indicative of expected results for a full year and unexpected cool trends or unseasonably warm trends during the summer season could negatively or positively affect certain segments of
the Company’s business and impact overall results of operations. 

If the distribution of WABCO’s shares by Trane on
July 31, 2007 were to fail to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code), then Trane and Trane’s shareholders who received WABCO common stock in the distribution
may be required to pay U.S. federal income taxes. 

On July 31, 2007, Trane (then known as American Standard Companies Inc.)
completed the spinoff of its vehicle control systems business into a new publicly traded company named WABCO. At the time, Trane received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) substantially to the effect that the
distribution qualified as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 355 of the Code. In addition, Trane received an opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, tax counsel to Trane, substantially to the
effect that the distribution will qualify as tax-free to Trane, WABCO and Trane shareholders under Section 355 and related provisions of the Code. The ruling and opinion were based on, among other things, certain assumptions as well as on the
accuracy of certain factual representations and statements made by WABCO and Trane. In rendering its ruling, the IRS also relied on certain covenants that Trane and WABCO entered into, including the adherence to certain restrictions on WABCO’s
and Trane’s future actions. 

13 

Table of Contents

In connection with our acquisition of Trane in June 2008, we received an opinion of Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett LLP, tax counsel to us, substantially to the effect that the distribution should continue to qualify as tax-free to Trane, WABCO and Trane shareholders under Section 355 and related provisions of the Code.
Notwithstanding receipt by Trane and us of the private letter ruling as well as the opinions of counsel, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not later assert that the distribution should be treated as a taxable transaction. 

If the distribution fails to qualify for tax-free treatment, then Trane would recognize a gain in an amount equal to the excess of (i) the fair
market value of WABCO’s common stock distributed to the Trane shareholders over (ii) Trane’s tax basis in such common stock. Under the terms of the Tax Sharing Agreement, in the event the distribution were to fail to qualify as a
tax-free reorganization and such failure was not the result of actions taken after the distribution by Trane or any of its subsidiaries or shareholders, WABCO would be responsible for all taxes imposed on Trane as a result thereof. In addition, each
Trane shareholder who received WABCO common stock in the distribution generally would be treated as having received a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of WABCO’s common stock received (including any fractional
share sold on behalf of the shareholder), which would be taxable as a dividend to the extent of the shareholder’s ratable share of Trane’s current and accumulated earnings and profits at the time (as increased to reflect any current income
including any gain recognized by Trane on the taxable distribution). The balance, if any, of the distribution would be treated as a nontaxable return of capital to the extent of the Trane shareholder’s tax basis in its Trane stock, with any
remaining amount being taxed as capital gain. If WABCO was unable to satisfy its obligations under the Tax Sharing Agreement or if Trane was unable to rely on the Tax Sharing Agreement for any reason, any potential liability arising from the
distribution of WABCO’s shares by Trane could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Past Reorganizations

We effected a corporate reorganization in December 2001 to become a Bermuda company (the “Bermuda Reorganization”) and a subsequent corporate reorganization in July 2009 to become an Irish
public limited company (the “Ireland Reorganization”). These reorganizations exposed us and our shareholders to the risks described below. In addition, we cannot be assured that all of the anticipated benefits of the reorganizations will
be realized. 

Changes in tax laws, regulations or treaties, changes in our status under U.S. or other tax laws or adverse determinations
by taxing authorities could increase our tax burden or otherwise affect our financial condition or operating results, as well as subject our shareholders to additional taxes. 

The realization of any tax benefit related to our reorganizations could be impacted by changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof by the U.S. tax
authorities or any other tax authority. From time to time, proposals have been made and/or legislation has been introduced to change the tax laws of various jurisdictions that if enacted could increase our tax burden and could have a material
adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. For instance, recent U. S. tax legislative proposals would broaden the circumstances under which we would be considered a U.S. resident, which would significantly diminish the
realization of any tax benefit related to our reorganizations. There are other recent U.S. tax legislative proposals that could modify or eliminate the tax deductibility of various currently deductible payments, which could materially and adversely
affect our effective tax rate and cash tax position. Moreover, other U.S. tax legislative proposals could potentially affect us by overriding certain tax treaties and limiting the treaty benefits on certain payments by our U.S. subsidiaries to our
non-U.S. affiliates, which would adversely affect our effective tax rate. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislation in any jurisdiction. While we are currently monitoring these proposals and others and are investigating all options,
we could still be subject to increased taxation on a going forward basis no matter what action we undertake if certain legislative proposals are enacted and/or certain tax treaties are amended. 

14 

Table of Contents

While our U.S. operations are subject to U.S. tax, we believe that a significant portion of our non-U.S.
operations are generally not subject to U.S. tax other than withholding taxes. Our conclusions are based on, among other things, our determination that we, and a significant portion of our foreign subsidiaries, are not currently controlled foreign
corporations (CFC) within the meaning of the U.S. tax laws, although the IRS or a court may not concur with our conclusions. A non-U.S. corporation, such as us, will constitute a CFC for U.S. federal income tax purposes if certain ownership criteria
are met. If the IRS or a court determined that we (or any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries) were a CFC, then each of our U.S. shareholders who own (directly, indirectly, or constructively) 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of
our stock (or the stock of any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries) on the last day of the applicable taxable year (a “10% U.S. Voting Shareholder”) would be required to include in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its pro rata
share of our subpart F and other similar types of income (and the subpart F and other similar types of income of any of our subsidiaries determined to be a CFC) for the period during which we (and our non-U.S. subsidiaries) were a CFC. In addition,
gain on the sale of our shares realized by such a shareholder may be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the shareholder’s proportionate share of our and our CFC subsidiaries’ undistributed earnings and profits accumulated during
the shareholder’s holding period of the shares while we (or any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries) are a CFC. Treatment of us or any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries as a CFC could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

On July 20, 2007, we received a notice from the IRS containing proposed adjustments to our tax filings in connection with an
audit of the 2001 and 2002 tax years. The IRS did not contest the validity of our reincorporation in Bermuda. The most significant adjustments proposed by the IRS involve treating the entire intercompany debt incurred in connection with our
reincorporation in Bermuda as equity. As a result of this recharacterization, the IRS disallowed the deduction of interest paid on the debt and imposed dividend withholding taxes on the payments denominated as interest. The IRS also asserted an
alternative argument to be applied if the intercompany debt is respected as debt. In that circumstance, the IRS proposed to ignore the entities that hold the debt and to which the interest was paid, and impose 30% withholding tax on a portion of the
interest payments as if they were made directly to a company that was not eligible for reduced U.S. withholding tax under a U.S. income tax treaty. The IRS asserted under this alternative theory that we owe additional taxes with respect to 2002 of
approximately $84 million plus interest. If either of these positions were upheld in their entirety, we would be required to record additional charges. We strongly disagreed with the view of the IRS, and filed a protest with the IRS in the third
quarter of 2007. 

On January 12, 2010, we received an amended notice from the IRS eliminating its assertion that the intercompany debt
incurred in connection with our reincorporation in Bermuda should be treated as equity. However, the IRS continues to assert the alternative position described above and proposes adjustments to our 2001 and 2002 tax filings. In addition, the IRS
provided notice on January 19, 2010, that it is assessing penalties of 30% on the asserted underpayment of tax described above. 

We have
and intend to continue to vigorously contest these proposed adjustments. We, in consultation with our outside advisors, carefully considered the form and substance of our intercompany financing arrangements, including the actions necessary to
qualify for the benefits of the applicable U.S. income tax treaties. We believe that these financing arrangements are in accordance with the laws of the relevant jurisdictions including the U.S., that the entities involved should be respected and
that the interest payments qualify for the U.S. income tax treaty benefits claimed. 

Although the outcome of this matter cannot be predicted
with certainty, based upon an analysis of the strength of our position, we believe that we are adequately reserved for this matter. As we move forward to resolve this matter with the IRS, it is reasonably possible that the reserves established may
be adjusted. However, we do not expect that the ultimate resolution will have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations or financial position. At this time, the IRS has not proposed any similar adjustments for years subsequent to
2002. However, if all or a portion of these adjustments proposed by the IRS are ultimately sustained, it is likely to also affect subsequent tax years. 

15 

Table of Contents

As noted above, the IRS did not contest the validity of the Bermuda Reorganization in the above-mentioned
notices. We believe that neither we nor our consolidated subsidiary IR-New Jersey will incur significant U.S. federal income or withholding taxes as a result of the transfer of the shares of our subsidiaries that occurred as part of the Bermuda
Reorganization. However, we cannot give any assurances that the IRS will agree with our determination. 

The inability to realize any
anticipated tax benefits related to our reorganizations could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Legislative and regulatory action could materially and adversely affect us. 

Our
tax position could be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof by the U.S. tax authorities or any other tax authority. From time to time, proposals have been made and/or
legislation has been introduced to change the tax laws of various jurisdictions that if enacted could increase our tax burden and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. For example, the Obama
administration has recently announced various U.S. tax legislative proposals that, if adopted, could adversely impact the Company. Legislative action may be taken by the U.S. Congress which, if ultimately enacted, could potentially override U.S. tax
treaties upon which we rely, broaden the circumstances under which we would be considered a U.S. resident or modify or eliminate the tax deductibility of various currently deductible payments, each of which could materially and adversely affect our
effective tax rate and cash tax position. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals, whether in the U.S. or another jurisdiction. However, if these or similar proposals were enacted that had the effect of disregarding the
Ireland Reorganization, limiting our ability to take advantage of tax treaties between Ireland and other jurisdictions (including the United States), modifying or eliminating the deductibility of various currently deductible payments, or increasing
the tax burden of operating or being resident in a particular country, we could be subjected to increased taxation. In addition, any future amendments to current income tax treaties, including between Ireland and other jurisdictions (including the
United States) could subject us to increased taxation. 

Also, the U.S. federal government and various states and municipalities have enacted
or may enact legislation intended to deny government contracts to U.S. companies that reincorporate outside of the U.S. or have reincorporated outside of the U.S. 

For instance, the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended, includes a provision that prohibits “inverted domestic corporations” and their subsidiaries from entering into contracts with the
Department of Homeland Security. In addition, the State of California adopted legislation intended to limit the eligibility of certain non-U.S. chartered companies to participate in certain state contracts. More recently, the 2008, 2009 and 2010
Consolidated Appropriations Acts prohibit any federal government agency from using funds appropriated by Congress for fiscal years 2008, 2009 and 2010 to pay an inverted domestic corporation or any of its subsidiaries for work performed or products
provided under certain federal contracts (“Affected Contracts”). Although the amount of monies already paid to us or to be paid to us under the Affected Contracts is not material to the Company, we cannot provide any assurance that the
impact of future actions taken by the government in this area will not be materially adverse to our operations. 

In addition, there continues
to be negative publicity regarding, and criticism of, companies that conduct business in the United States and in other countries but have changed their place of incorporation to another country. 

Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to holders of our securities.

It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the United States against us in Ireland based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S.
federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liabilities
provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear 

16 

Table of Contents

actions against us or those persons based on those laws. We have been advised that the United States currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and
enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities
laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Ireland. 

As an Irish company, we are governed by the Irish Companies Act, which differs in
some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including, among others, differences relating to interested director and officer transactions and shareholder lawsuits. Likewise, the duties of directors
and officers of an Irish company generally are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Irish companies generally do not have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may exercise such rights of action on behalf
of the company only in limited circumstances. Accordingly, holders of our securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the United States.

In addition, Irish law allows shareholders to authorize share capital which then can be issued by a board of directors without shareholder
approval. Also, subject to specified exceptions, Irish law grants statutory pre-emptive rights to existing shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares for cash, but allows shareholders to authorize the waiver of the statutory pre-emptive
rights with respect to any particular allotment of shares. These authorizations must be renewed by the shareholders every five years and we cannot guarantee that these authorizations will always be approved. 

A future transfer of our shares may be subject to Irish stamp duty.

In certain circumstances, the transfer of shares in an Irish incorporated company will be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1% of the higher of the price paid or the market value of
the shares acquired) payable by the buyer. Although in the majority of transactions there will be no stamp duty because both the seller and buyer hold the shares beneficially, this additional risk for the buyer could adversely affect the price of
our shares. Although we currently intend to cause one of our affiliates to pay stamp duty in connection with share transfers made in the ordinary course of trading by a seller who holds shares directly to a buyer who holds the acquired shares
beneficially, our articles of association provide that, in the event of any such payment, we (i) may seek reimbursement from the transferor or transferee (at our discretion), (ii) may set-off the amount of the stamp duty against future dividends
payable to the transferor or transferee (at our discretion), and (iii) will have a lien against our shares on which we have paid stamp duty and any dividends paid on such shares. 

Our effective tax rate may increase notwithstanding the Ireland Reorganization.

While the Ireland Reorganization is not anticipated to have any material impact on our effective tax rate, there is uncertainty regarding the tax
policies of the jurisdictions where we operate (which include the potential legislative actions described above), and our effective tax rate may increase and any such increase may be material. Additionally, the tax laws of Ireland and other
jurisdictions could change in the future, and such changes could cause a material change in our effective tax rate. 

Dividends received
by our shareholders may be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax.

In certain circumstances, as an Irish tax resident company, we
are required to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax (currently at the rate of 20%) from dividends paid to our shareholders. In the majority of cases, shareholders resident in the United States will not be subject to Irish withholding tax, and
shareholders resident in a number of other countries will not be subject to Irish withholding tax provided that they complete certain Irish dividend withholding tax forms. However, some shareholders may be subject to withholding tax, which could
adversely affect the price of our shares. 

17 

Table of Contents

Dividends received by our shareholders could be subject to Irish income tax.

Dividends paid in respect of our shares will generally not be subject to Irish income tax where the beneficial owner of these dividends is exempt from
dividend withholding tax, unless the beneficial owner of the dividend has some connection with Ireland other than his or her shareholding in Ingersoll Rand. 

Our shareholders who receive their dividends subject to Irish dividend withholding tax will generally have no further liability to Irish income tax on the dividends unless the beneficial owner of the
dividend has some connection with Ireland other than his or her shareholding in Ingersoll Rand.