. 

        Our businesses face many risks. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occur, our businesses,
financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our debt or equity securities could decline. Our investors and prospective investors should consider the following
risks and the information contained under the heading "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" before deciding to invest in our securities. 

 Operational Risks 

Governmental and customer focus on data security could increase our costs of operations. We may not be able to fully offset these costs through
increases in our rates. In addition, incidents in which we fail to protect our customers' information against security breaches could result in monetary damages against us and could otherwise damage
our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations. 

        In reaction to publicized incidents in which electronically stored information has been lost, illegally accessed or stolen, almost all
states have adopted breach of data security statutes or regulations that require notification to consumers if the security of their personal information, such as social security numbers, is breached.
In addition, certain federal laws and regulations affecting financial institutions, health care providers and plans and others impose requirements regarding the privacy and security of information
maintained by those institutions as well as notification to persons whose personal information is accessed by an unauthorized third party. Some of these laws and regulations provide for civil fines in
certain circumstances. One state has adopted regulations requiring every company that maintains or stores personal information to adopt a comprehensive written information security program. In some
instances European data protection authorities have issued large fines as a result of data security breaches. 

        Continued
governmental focus on data security may lead to additional legislative action. For example, the U.S. Congress is considering legislation that would expand the federal
data breach notification requirement beyond the financial and medical fields. In addition, the European Commission has proposed a new regulation and directive that will, if adopted, supersede
Directive 95/46/EC, which has governed the processing of personal data since 1995. It is anticipated that the new proposal will significantly alter the security and privacy obligations of
entities, such as Iron Mountain, that process data of citizens of members of the European Union. The continued emphasis on information security may lead customers to request that we take additional
measures to enhance security and assume higher liability under our contracts. We have experienced incidents in which customers' backup tapes or other records have been lost, and we have been informed
by customers that some of the incidents involved the loss of personal information, resulting in monetary damages which we have paid. As a result of legislative initiatives and client demands, we may
have to modify our operations with the goal of further improving data security. Any such modifications may result in increased expenses and operating complexity, and we may be unable to increase the
rates we charge for our services sufficiently to offset any increased expenses. 

        In
addition to increases in the costs of operations or potential liability that may result from a heightened focus on data security, our reputation may be damaged by any compromise of
security, accidental loss or theft of customer data in our possession. We believe that establishing and maintaining a good reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers. If our
reputation is damaged, we
may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 

15

Table of Contents

Our customers may shift from paper storage to alternative technologies that require less physical space. 

        We derive most of our revenues from the storage of paper documents and storage related services. This storage requires significant
physical space, which we provide through our owned and leased facilities. Alternative storage technologies exist, many of which require significantly less space than paper documents. These
technologies include computer media, microform, CD-ROM and optical disk. U.S. federal government initiatives have resulted in many health care providers adopting programs to evolve
to greater use of electronic medical records. In addition, as alternative technologies are adopted, storage related services may decline as the physical records we store become less active and more
archived. We can provide no assurance that our customers will continue to store most of their records in paper documents format. The adoption of alternative technologies may also result in decreased
demand for services related to the paper documents we store. A significant shift by our customers to storage of data through non-paper based technologies, whether now existing or
developed in the future, could adversely affect our businesses. 

Our customer contracts may not always limit our liability and may sometimes contain terms that could lead to disputes in interpretation. 

        Our customer contracts usually contain provisions limiting our liability with respect to loss or destruction of, or damage to, records
or information stored with us. Our liability under physical storage contracts is often limited to a nominal fixed amount per item or unit of storage, such as per cubic foot. Our
liability under our hybrid services and other service contracts is often limited to a percentage of annual revenue under the contract. We cannot assure you that where we have limitation of liability
provisions they will be enforceable in all instances or, if enforceable, that they would otherwise protect us from liability. In addition to provisions limiting our liability, our standard storage and
service contracts include a schedule setting forth the majority of the customer-specific terms, including storage and service pricing and service delivery terms. Our customers may dispute the
interpretation of various provisions in their contracts. While we have had relatively few disputes with our customers with regard to the terms of their customer contracts, and most disputes to date
have not been material, we can give you no assurance that we will not have material disputes in the future. 

We face competition for customers. 

        We compete, in some of our business lines, with our current and potential customers' internal information management services
capabilities. These organizations may not begin or continue to use a third party, such as Iron Mountain, for their future information management services needs. We also compete with multiple
information management services providers in all geographic areas where we operate; our current or potential customers may choose to use those competitors instead of us. 

Our customers may be constrained in their ability to pay for services or require fewer services. 

        Continued economic weakness in the markets where we operate may cause some customers to postpone projects for which they would
otherwise retain our services and may, in some instances, cause customers to reduce or forgo our services. Many of our largest customers are financial institutions that have been particularly affected
by the economic downturn; their condition may lead them to reduce their use of our services. In addition, customers may increasingly seek protection under bankruptcy laws, potentially affecting not
only future business but also our ability to collect accounts receivable. 

16

Table of Contents

Failure to comply with certain regulatory and contractual requirements under our U.S. Government General Services Administration Multiple Award
Schedule contracts could adversely affect our revenues, operating results and financial position. 

        Selling our services to the U.S. Government subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. Failure to comply with
these requirements could subject us to investigations, price reductions, up to treble damages, and civil penalties. Noncompliance with certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result
in us being suspended or barred from future U.S. Government contracting. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results and financial position. 

We may be subject to certain costs and potential liabilities associated with the real estate required for our business. 

        Because our business is heavily dependent on real estate, we face special risks attributable to the real estate we own or lease. Such
risks include:

•

variable occupancy costs and difficulty locating suitable sites due to fluctuations in real estate markets; 

•

uninsured losses or damage to our storage facilities due to an inability to obtain full coverage on a
cost-effective basis for some casualties, such as earthquakes, or any coverage for certain losses, such as losses from riots or terrorist activities; 

•

inability to use our real estate holdings effectively and costs associated with vacating or consolidating facilities if
the demand for physical storage were to diminish because our customers choose other storage technologies; and 

•

liability under environmental laws for the costs of investigation and cleanup of contaminated real estate owned or leased
by us, whether or not (i) we know of, or were responsible for, the contamination, or (ii) the contamination occurred while we owned or leased the property. 

        Some
of our current and formerly owned or leased properties were previously used by entities other than us for industrial or other purposes that involved the use, storage, generation
and/or disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including petroleum products. In some instances this prior use involved the operation of underground storage tanks or the presence of
asbestos-containing materials. Although we have from time to time conducted limited environmental investigations and remedial activities at some of our former and current facilities, we have not
undertaken an in-depth environmental review of all of our properties. We therefore may be potentially liable for environmental costs like those discussed above and may be unable to sell,
rent, mortgage or use contaminated real estate owned or leased by us. Environmental conditions for which we might be liable may also exist at properties that we may acquire in the future. In addition,
future regulatory action and environmental laws may impose costs for environmental compliance that do not exist today. 

International operations may pose unique risks. 

        As of December 31, 2011, we provided services in more than 35 countries outside the U.S. As part of our growth
strategy, we expect to continue to acquire or invest in information management services businesses in select foreign markets. International operations are subject to numerous risks,
including:

•

the impact of foreign government regulations and U.S. regulations that apply to us wherever we operate; 

•

the volatility of certain foreign economies in which we operate; 

•

political uncertainties; 

17

Table of Contents

•

unforeseen liabilities, particularly within acquired businesses; 

•

the risk that the business partners upon whom we depend for technical assistance or management and acquisition expertise
outside of the U.S. will not perform as expected; 

•

differences in business practices; and 

•

foreign currency fluctuations. 

        In
particular, our net income can be significantly affected by fluctuations in currencies associated with certain intercompany balances of our foreign subsidiaries owed to us and between
our foreign subsidiaries. 

We may be subject to claims that our technology violates the intellectual property rights of a third party. 

        Third parties may have legal rights (including ownership of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights) to ideas, materials,
processes, names or original works that are the same or similar to those we use. Third parties may bring claims, or threaten to bring claims, against us that allege that their intellectual property
rights are being infringed or violated by our use of intellectual property. Litigation or threatened litigation could be costly and distract our senior management from operating our business. Further,
if we cannot establish our right or obtain the right to use the intellectual property on reasonable terms, we may be required to develop alternative intellectual property at our expense to mitigate
potential harm. 

Changing fire and safety standards may result in significant expense in certain jurisdictions. 

        As of December 31, 2011, we operated 932 records management and off-site data protection facilities worldwide,
including 615 in the United States alone. Many of these facilities were built and outfitted by third parties and added to Iron Mountain's real estate portfolio as part of acquisitions. Some of these
facilities contain fire suppression and safety features that are different from our current specifications and current standards for new facilities, although we believe all of our facilities were
constructed in compliance with laws and regulations in effect at the time of their construction or outfitting. Where we believe the fire suppression and safety features of a facility require
improvement, we will develop and implement a plan to remediate the issue. In some instances local authorities having jurisdiction may take the position that our fire suppression and safety features in
a particular facility are insufficient and require additional measures which may involve considerable expense to Iron Mountain. If additional fire safety and suppression measures were required at a
large number of our facilities, this could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our operating revenues and results of operations. 

        Our operating revenues and results of operations are impacted by significant changes in commodity prices. Our secure shredding
operations generate revenue from the sale of shredded paper to recyclers. We generate additional revenue when the price of diesel fuel rises above certain predetermined rates through a customer
surcharge. As a result, significant declines in paper and diesel fuel prices may negatively impact our revenues and results of operations while increases in other commodity prices, including steel,
may negatively impact our results of operations. 

Unexpected events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations. 

        Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at our facilities, natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes, war or
terrorist activities, unplanned power outages, supply disruptions and failure of equipment or systems, could adversely affect our results of operations. These events could result in customer service
disruption, physical damages to one or more key operating facilities, the 

18

Table of Contents

temporary
closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. 

Attacks on our internal information technology systems could damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results
of operations. 

        Our reputation for providing secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. We have previously
faced attempts by hackers and similar unauthorized users to gain access to our information technology systems and expect to continue to face such attempts. Although we seek to prevent, detect and
investigate these security incidents and have taken steps to prevent such security breaches, there can be no assurance that attacks by unauthorized users will not be attempted in the future or that
our security measures will be effective. A successful breach of the security of our information technology systems could lead to theft or misuse of our customers' proprietary or confidential
information and result in third party claims against us and
reputational harm. If our reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 

 Risks Relating to our Strategic Review 

No guaranty that any of the alternative financing, capital, and tax strategies being evaluated, including a potential conversion to a REIT, will be
implemented or will be successful if implemented. 

        In April 2011 we entered into a settlement agreement with Elliott Associates, L.P. and Elliott International, L.P. in
which we agreed to form a special committee of our board of directors to, among other things, evaluate ways to maximize stockholder value through alternative financing, capital, and tax
strategies (the "Strategic Review"), including evaluating a potential conversion to a real estate investment trust (a "REIT"). The Strategic Review has required, and may continue to require,
the expenditure of significant time and resources by us. The Strategic Review process is complex and may divert management's time and attention. We may not pursue any of the alternative strategies
being evaluated, including a potential conversion to a REIT, and we can provide no assurances that any strategy we pursue will be successfully implemented or achieve the intended benefits. Finally,
stockholder litigation that may arise in connection with the Strategic Review may result in significant costs for defense or liability. These consequences, alone or in combination, may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

No Guaranty of Dividend Payments or Stock Repurchases. 

        Our board of directors approved a share repurchase program and adopted a dividend policy under which we intend to pay quarterly cash
dividends on our common stock. In addition, on April 19, 2011, we announced our intention to make stockholder payouts of approximately $2.2 billion through 2013, with approximately
$1.2 billion of capital returned to stockholders by May 2012
through a combination of share repurchases, ongoing quarterly dividends and potential one-time dividends. Although we are committed to returning capital to stockholders and returned
$1.15 billion between April 19, 2011 and February 10, 2012, any determinations by us to repurchase our common stock or pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future, as
well as the form and mix of such stockholder payouts, will be based primarily upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements and strategy, the price of our common stock (in
the case of the repurchase program) and our board of directors' continuing determination that the repurchase program and the declaration of dividends under the dividend policy are in the best
interests of our stockholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the repurchase and dividend programs. The terms of our credit agreement 

19

Table of Contents

and
our indentures contain provisions permitting the payment of cash dividends and stock repurchases subject to certain limitations. 

 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness 

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our various debt
instruments. 

        We have a significant amount of indebtedness. The following table shows important credit statistics as of December 31, 2011
(dollars in millions): 

Total long-term debt

$

3,353.6

Total equity

$

1,254.3

Debt to equity ratio

2.67

X

        Our
substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to you. Our indebtedness may increase as we continue to borrow under existing and future credit arrangements in order to
finance future acquisitions and for general corporate purposes, which would increase the associated risks. These risks include:

•

inability to satisfy our obligations with respect to our various debt instruments; 

•

inability to adjust to adverse economic conditions; 

•

inability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements,
including possible required repurchases of our various indebtedness, the payment of quarterly dividends or the repurchase of shares of our common stock; 

•

limits on our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the information management services
industry; 

•

limits on future borrowings under our existing or future credit arrangements, which could affect our ability to pay our
indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs; 

•

inability to generate sufficient funds to cover required interest payments; and 

•

restrictions on our ability to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms. 

Restrictive loan covenants may limit our ability to pursue our growth strategy. 

        Our credit facility and our indentures contain covenants restricting or limiting our ability to, among other
things:

•

incur additional indebtedness; 

•

pay dividends or make other restricted payments; 

•

make asset dispositions; 

•

create or permit liens; and 

•

make capital expenditures and other investments. 

        These
restrictions may adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition and other growth strategies. 

20

Table of Contents

We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance the repurchase of outstanding senior subordinated indebtedness upon a change of
control event as required by our indentures. 

        Upon the occurrence of a change of control, we will be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding senior subordinated
indebtedness. However, it is possible that we will not have sufficient funds at the time of the change of control to make the required repurchase of the notes or that restrictions in our revolving
credit facility will not allow such repurchases. In addition, certain important corporate events, such as leveraged recapitalizations that would increase the level of our indebtedness, would not
constitute a "change of control" under our indentures. 

Since Iron Mountain is a holding company, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations depends in part on the operations of our
subsidiaries. 

        Iron Mountain is a holding company, and substantially all of our assets consist of the stock of our subsidiaries and substantially all
of our operations are conducted by our direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations will be dependent upon the receipt of
sufficient funds from our subsidiaries. However, our various debt obligations are guaranteed, on a joint and several and full and unconditional basis, by most, but not all, of our direct and indirect
wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries. 

 Acquisition and Expansion Risks 

Failure to manage our growth may impact operating results. 

        If we succeed in expanding our existing businesses, or in moving into new areas of business, that expansion may place increased demands
on our management, operating systems, internal controls and financial and physical resources. If not managed effectively, these increased demands may adversely affect the services we provide to
existing customers. In addition, our personnel, systems, procedures and controls may be inadequate to support future operations. Consequently, in order to manage growth effectively, we may be required
to increase expenditures to increase our physical resources, expand, train and manage our employee base, improve management, financial and information systems and controls, or make other capital
expenditures. Our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we encounter difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting, forecasting and other process control issues
presented by future growth. 

Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations could negatively impact our future results of operations. 

        The success of any acquisition depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired company. The process of integrating acquired
businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. We can give no assurance that we will
ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of any acquired business. The failure to successfully integrate the cultures, operating systems, procedures and information
technologies of an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We may be unable to continue our international expansion. 

        Our growth strategy involves expanding operations in international markets, and we expect to continue this expansion. Europe, Latin
America and Australia have been our primary areas of focus for international expansion, and we have expanded into the Asia Pacific region to a lesser extent. We have entered into joint ventures and
have acquired all or a majority of the equity in information management services businesses operating in these areas and may acquire other information management services businesses in
the future. 

21

Table of Contents

        This
growth strategy involves risks. We may be unable to pursue this strategy in the future at the desired pace or at all. For example, we may be
unable to:

•

identify suitable companies to acquire or invest in; 

•

complete acquisitions on satisfactory terms; 

•

successfully expand our infrastructure and sales force to support growth; 

•

incur additional debt necessary to acquire suitable companies if we are unable to pay the purchase price out of working
capital, common stock or other equity securities; or 

•

enter into successful business arrangements for technical assistance or management expertise outside of the U.S. 

        We
also compete with other information management services providers for companies to acquire. Some of our competitors may possess substantial financial and other resources. If any such
competitor were to devote additional resources to pursue such acquisition candidates or focus its strategy on our international markets, the purchase price for potential acquisitions or investments
could rise, competition in international markets could increase and our results of operations could be adversely affected.