. 

        Our businesses face many risks. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occur, our businesses,
financial condition or results of operations could suffer and the trading price of our debt or equity securities could decline. Our investors and prospective investors should consider the following
risks and the information contained under the heading "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" before deciding to invest in our securities. 

Operational Risks 

Governmental and customer focus on data security could increase our costs of operations. We may not be able to fully offset these costs through
increases in our rates. In addition, incidents in which we fail to protect our customers' information against security breaches could result in monetary damages against us and could otherwise damage
our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations. 

        In reaction to publicized incidents in which electronically stored information has been lost, illegally accessed or stolen, almost all
states have adopted breach of data security statutes or regulations that require notification to consumers if the security of their personal information, such as social security numbers, is breached.
In addition, certain federal laws and regulations affecting financial institutions, health care providers and plans and others impose requirements regarding the privacy and security of information
maintained by those institutions as well as notification to persons whose personal information is accessed by an unauthorized third party. Some of these laws and regulations provide for civil fines in
certain circumstances. One state has adopted regulations requiring every company that maintains or stores personal information to adopt a comprehensive written information security program. In some
instances European data protection authorities have issued large fines as a result of data security breaches. 

        Continued
governmental focus on data security may lead to additional legislative action. For example, the United States Congress is expected to consider legislation that would expand the
federal data breach notification requirement beyond the financial and medical fields. The continued emphasis 

16

Table of Contents

on
information security may lead customers to request that we take additional measures to enhance security and assume higher liability under our contracts. We have experienced incidents in which
customers' backup tapes or other records have been lost, and we have been informed by customers in some incidents that the lost media or records contained personal information, resulting in monetary
damages which we have paid. As a result of legislative initiatives and client demands, we may have to modify our operations with the goal of further improving data security. Any such modifications may
result in increased expenses and operating complexity, and we may be unable to increase the rates we charge for our services sufficiently to offset any increased expenses. 

        In
addition to increases in the costs of operations or potential liability that may result from a heightened focus on data security, our reputation may be damaged by any compromise of
security, accidental loss or theft of customer data in our possession. We believe that establishing and maintaining a good reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers. If our
reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our customer contracts may not always limit our liability and may sometimes contain terms that could lead to disputes in interpretation. 

        Our customer contracts usually contain provisions limiting our liability with respect to loss or destruction of, or damage to, records
or information stored with us. Our liability under physical storage contracts is often limited to a nominal fixed amount per item or unit of storage, such as per cubic foot. Our liability under our
digital, hybrid services and other service contracts is often limited to a percentage of annual revenue under the contract. We cannot assure you that where we have limitation of liability provisions
they will be enforceable in all instances or would otherwise protect us from liability. In addition to provisions limiting our liability, our standard storage and service contracts include a schedule
setting forth the majority of the customer-specific terms, including storage and service pricing and service delivery terms. Our customers may dispute the interpretation of various provisions in their
contracts. While we have had relatively few disputes with our customers with regard to the terms of their customer contracts, and any disputes to date have not been material, we can give you no
assurance that we will not have material disputes in the future. 

We face competition for customers. 

        We compete, in some of our business lines, with our current and potential customers' internal information management services
capabilities. These organizations may not begin or continue to use a third party, such as our company, for their future information management services needs. We also compete, in both our physical and
digital businesses, with multiple information management services providers in all geographic areas where we operate; our current or potential customers may choose to use those competitors instead of
us. 

Our customers may shift from paper storage to alternative technologies that require less physical space. 

        We derive most of our revenues from the storage of paper documents and storage related services. This storage requires significant
physical space, which we provide through our owned and leased facilities. Alternative storage technologies exist, many of which require significantly less space than paper documents. These
technologies include computer media, microform, CD-ROM and optical disk. We can provide no assurance that our customers will continue to store most of their records in paper documents
format. A significant shift by our customers to storage of data through non-paper based technologies, whether now existing or developed in the future, could adversely affect our
businesses. 

17

Table of Contents

Our customers may be constrained in their ability to pay for services or require fewer services. 

        Continued economic weakness in the markets where we operate may cause some customers to postpone projects for which they would
otherwise retain our services and may, in some instances, cause customers to forgo our services. Many of our largest customers are financial institutions that have been particularly affected by the
economic downturn; their condition may lead them to reduce their use of our services. In addition, a higher percentage of our customers may seek protection under bankruptcy laws, potentially affecting
not only future business but also our ability to collect accounts receivable. 

We may be subject to certain costs and potential liabilities associated with the real estate required for our businesses. 

        Because our physical businesses are heavily dependent on real estate, we face special risks attributable to the real estate we own or
lease. Such risks include: 

•

variable occupancy costs and difficulty locating suitable sites due to fluctuations in real estate markets; 

•

uninsured losses or damage to our storage facilities due to an inability to obtain full coverage on a
cost-effective basis for some casualties, such as earthquakes, or any coverage for certain losses, such as losses from riots or terrorist activities; 

•

inability to use our real estate holdings effectively if the demand for physical storage were to diminish because of
customers' acceptance of other storage technologies; and 

•

liability under environmental laws for the costs of investigation and cleanup of contaminated real estate owned or leased
by us, whether or not we know of, or were responsible for, the contamination, or the contamination occurred while we owned or leased the property. 

        Some
of our current and formerly owned or leased properties were previously used by entities other than us for industrial or other purposes that involved the use, storage, generation
and/or disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including petroleum products. In some instances these properties included the operation of underground storage tanks or the presence of
asbestos-containing materials. Although we have from time to time conducted limited environmental investigations and remedial activities at some of our former and current facilities, we have not
undertaken an in-depth environmental review of all of our properties. We therefore may be potentially liable for environmental costs like those discussed above and may be unable to sell,
rent, mortgage or use contaminated real estate owned or leased by us. Environmental conditions for which we might be liable may also exist at properties that we may acquire in the future. In addition,
future regulatory action and environmental laws may impose costs for environmental compliance that do not exist today. 

International operations may pose unique risks. 

        As of December 31, 2010, we provided services in more than 35 countries outside the U.S. As part of our growth strategy, we
expect to continue to acquire or invest in information management services businesses in foreign markets. International operations are subject to numerous risks, including: 

•

the impact of foreign government regulations and U.S. regulations that apply to us wherever we operate; 

•

the volatility of certain foreign economies in which we operate; 

•

political uncertainties; 

•

unforeseen liabilities, particularly within acquired businesses; 

18

Table of Contents

•

the risk that the business partners upon whom we depend for technical assistance or management and acquisition expertise
outside of the U.S. will not perform as expected; 

•

differences in business practices; and 

•

foreign currency fluctuations. 

        In
particular, our net income can be significantly affected by fluctuations in currencies associated with certain intercompany balances of our foreign subsidiaries to us and between our
foreign subsidiaries. 

We may not be able to effectively operate and expand our digital businesses. 

        We operate certain digital information management businesses. Our participation in these markets poses certain unique risks. For
example, we may be unable to: 

•

keep up with rapid technological changes, evolving industry expectations and changing customer requirements; 

•

compete effectively against other companies that possess greater technical expertise, capital or other necessary
resources; 

•

successfully acquire and integrate businesses or technologies to complement our current service offerings; 

•

develop, hire or otherwise obtain the necessary technical expertise; 

•

accurately predict the size of the markets for any of these services; or 

•

raise the amount of capital necessary to effectively participate in these markets. 

        In
addition, the digital solutions we offer may not gain or retain market acceptance, or business partners upon whom we depend for technical and management expertise and the hardware and
software products we need to complement our services, may not perform as expected. 

We may be subject to claims that our technology, particularly with respect to digital services, violates the intellectual property rights of a third
party. 

        Third parties may have legal rights (including ownership of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights) to ideas, materials,
processes, names or original works that are the same or similar to those we use, especially in our digital business. Third parties may bring claims, or threaten to bring claims, against us that allege
that their intellectual property rights are being infringed or violated by our use of intellectual property. Litigation or threatened litigation could be costly and distract our senior management from
operating our business. Further, if we cannot establish our right or obtain the right to use the intellectual property on reasonable terms, we may be required to develop alternative intellectual
property at our expense to mitigate potential harm. 

Changing fire and safety standards may result in significant expense in certain jurisdictions. 

        We operate 990 records management and offsite data protection facilities worldwide, including 587 in the United States alone. Many of
these facilities were built and outfitted by third parties and added to Iron Mountain's real estate portfolio as part of acquisitions completed between 1995 and 2005. Some of these facilities contain
fire suppression and safety features that are different from our current specifications for new facilities, although we believe all of our facilities were constructed in compliance with laws and
regulations in effect at the time of their construction or outfitting. Where we believe the fire suppression and safety features of a facility require improvement, we will develop and implement a plan
to remediate the issue. In some instances local authorities having jurisdiction may take the 

19

Table of Contents

position
that our fire suppression and safety features in a particular facility are insufficient and require additional measures which may involve considerable expense to the company. If additional
fire safety and suppression measures were required at a large number of our facilities, this could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our operating revenues and results of operations. 

        Our operating revenues and results of operations are impacted by significant changes in commodity prices. Our secure shredding
operations generate revenue from the sale of shredded paper to recyclers. We generate additional revenue when the price of diesel fuel rises above certain predetermined rates through a customer
surcharge. As a result, significant declines in paper and diesel fuel prices may negatively impact our revenues and results of operations while increases in other commodity prices, including steel,
may negatively impact our results of operations. 

Unexpected events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations. 

        Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at our facilities, natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes, war or
terrorist activities, unplanned power outages, supply disruptions and failure of equipment or systems, could adversely affect our results of operations. These events could result in customer
disruption, physical damages to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. 

Attacks on our internal information technology systems could damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of
operations. 

        Our reputation for providing secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. We regularly face
attempts by hackers and similar unauthorized users to gain access to our information technology systems. Although we seek to prevent, detect and investigate these security incidents and have taken
steps to prevent such security breaches, there can be no assurance that attacks by unauthorized users will not be attempted in the future or that our security measures will be effective. A successful
breach of the security of our information technology systems could lead to theft or misuse of our customers' proprietary or confidential information and result in third party claims against us and
reputational harm. If our reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

No Guaranty of Dividend Payments or Stock Repurchases 

        Although our board of directors approved a share repurchase program and adopted a dividend policy under which we intend to pay
quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, any determinations by us to repurchase our common stock or pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based primarily upon our financial
condition, results of operations, business requirements, the price of our common stock in the case of the repurchase program and our board of directors' continuing determination that the repurchase
program and the declaration of dividends under the dividend policy are in the best interests of our stockholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the repurchase and
dividend programs. The terms of our credit agreement and our indentures contain provisions permitting the payment of cash dividends and stock repurchases subject to certain limitations. 

20

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness 

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our various debt
instruments. 

        We have a significant amount of indebtedness. The following table shows important credit statistics as of December 31, 2010
(dollars in millions): 

Total long-term debt

$

3,009.5

Total equity

$

1,963.3

Debt to equity ratio

1.53

X

        Our
substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to you. Our indebtedness may increase as we continue to borrow under existing and future credit arrangements in order to
finance future acquisitions and for general corporate purposes, which would increase the associated risks. These risks include: 

•

inability to satisfy our obligations with respect to our various debt instruments; 

•

inability to adjust to adverse economic conditions; 

•

inability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements,
including possible required repurchases of our various indebtedness; 

•

limits on our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the information management services
industry; 

•

limits on future borrowings under our existing or future credit arrangements, which could affect our ability to pay our
indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs; 

•

inability to generate sufficient funds to cover required interest payments; and 

•

restrictions on our ability to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms. 

Restrictive loan covenants may limit our ability to pursue our growth strategy. 

        Our credit facility and our indentures contain covenants restricting or limiting our ability to, among other
things: 

•

incur additional indebtedness; 

•

pay dividends or make other restricted payments; 

•

make asset dispositions; 

•

create or permit liens; and 

•

make capital expenditures and other investments. 

        These
restrictions may adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition and other growth strategies. 

We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance the repurchase of outstanding senior subordinated indebtedness upon a change of
control event as required by our indentures. 

        Upon the occurrence of a change of control, we will be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding senior subordinated
indebtedness. However, it is possible that we will not have sufficient funds at the time of the change of control to make the required repurchase of the notes or that restrictions in our revolving
credit facility will not allow such repurchases. In addition, certain important 

21

Table of Contents

corporate
events, such as leveraged recapitalizations that would increase the level of our indebtedness, would not constitute a "change of control" under our indentures. 

Since Iron Mountain is a holding company, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations depends in part on the operations of our
subsidiaries. 

        Iron Mountain is a holding company, and substantially all of our assets consist of the stock of our subsidiaries and substantially all
of our operations are conducted by our direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations will be dependent upon the receipt of
sufficient funds from our subsidiaries. However, our various debt obligations are guaranteed, on a joint and several and full and unconditional basis, by most, but not all, of our direct and indirect
wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries. 

Acquisition and Expansion Risks 

Failure to manage our growth may impact operating results. 

        If we succeed in expanding our existing businesses, or in moving into new areas of business, that expansion may place increased demands
on our management, operating systems, internal controls and financial and physical resources. If not managed effectively, these increased demands may adversely affect the services we provide to
existing customers. In addition, our personnel, systems, procedures and controls may be inadequate to support future operations. Consequently, in order to manage growth effectively, we may be required
to increase expenditures to increase our physical resources, expand, train and manage our employee base, improve management, financial and information systems and controls, or make other capital
expenditures. Our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we encounter difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting, forecasting and other process control issues
presented by future growth. 

Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations could negatively impact our future results of operations. 

        The success of any acquisition depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired company. The process of integrating acquired
businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. We can give no assurance that we will
ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of any acquired business. Nor can we assure you that we will be able to maintain or improve the historical financial performance
of Iron Mountain or our acquisitions. The failure to successfully integrate these cultures, operating systems, procedures and information technologies could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations. 

We may be unable to continue our international expansion. 

        Our growth strategy involves expanding operations in international markets, and we expect to continue this expansion. Europe, Latin
America and Australia have been our primary areas of focus for international expansion, and we have begun our expansion into the Asia Pacific region. We have entered into joint ventures and have
acquired all or a majority of the equity in information management services businesses operating in these areas and may acquire other information management services businesses in the future. 

        This
growth strategy involves risks. We may be unable to pursue this strategy in the future. For example, we may be unable to: 

•

identify suitable companies to acquire or invest in; 

•

complete acquisitions on satisfactory terms; 

22

Table of Contents

•

incur additional debt necessary to acquire suitable companies if we are unable to pay the purchase price out of working
capital, common stock or other equity securities; or 

•

enter into successful business arrangements for technical assistance or management expertise outside of the U.S. 

        We
also compete with other information management services providers for companies to acquire. Some of our competitors may possess substantial financial and other resources. If any such
competitor were to devote additional resources to pursue such acquisition candidates or focus its strategy on our international markets, the purchase price for potential acquisitions or investments
could rise, competition in international markets could increase and our results of operations could be adversely affected.