. 

        Our businesses face many risks. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occur, our businesses,
financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our debt or equity securities could decline. Our current and potential investors should consider the following risks
and the information contained under the heading "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" before deciding to invest in our securities. 

15

Table of Contents

 Risks Related to the Proposed REIT Conversion 

Although we have chosen to pursue conversion to a REIT, we may not be successful in converting to a REIT effective as of January 1, 2014, or
at all. 

        As previously announced in June 2012, our board of directors unanimously approved the Conversion Plan to pursue conversion to a REIT
under the Code. We are in the process of implementing the Conversion Plan, pursuant to which we would elect REIT Status no earlier than our taxable year beginning January 1, 2014. One of the
conditions that must be met in order to complete our conversion to a REIT is obtaining favorable PLRs from the IRS. Our PLR requests have multiple components, and our conversion to a REIT will require
favorable rulings from the IRS on a number of technical tax issues, including the characterization of our racking structures as real estate (the "Racking Structure Request"). In this regard, in the
course of our communications with the IRS relating to our PLR requests, we disclosed in June 2013 that the IRS informed us that it formed an internal working group to study the legal standards the IRS
uses to define "real estate" for purposes of the REIT provisions of the Code and what changes or refinements, if any, should be made to those legal standards. The IRS also informed us that it was
"tentatively adverse" to ruling that our racking structures constitute "real estate" for REIT purposes. In November 2013, the IRS stated that it will resume issuing rulings regarding the definition of
"real estate" for purposes of the REIT provisions of the Code, and the IRS is continuing to evaluate our PLR requests, including the Racking Structure Request. We can provide no assurance that the IRS
will ultimately provide us with a favorable PLR on the Racking Structure Request or our other PLR requests, or that any favorable PLR will be received in a timely manner for us to convert successfully
to a REIT effective January 1, 2014. 

        There
are other significant implementation and operational complexities to address in connection with converting to a REIT, including obtaining favorable PLRs from the IRS as discussed
above, completing internal reorganizations relating to certain of our international operations, testing and validating accounting, information technology and real estate system modifications
implemented in connection with the Conversion Plan, receiving stockholder approvals, and making required stockholder payouts, and the timing and outcome of many of these are outside our control.
Further, changes in legislation or the federal tax rules could adversely impact our ability to convert to a REIT and/or the attractiveness of converting to a REIT. Similarly, even if we are able to
satisfy the existing REIT requirements, the tax laws, regulations and interpretations governing REITs may change at any time in ways that could be disadvantageous to us. 

        Even
if the transactions necessary to implement REIT conversion are successfully effected, including receipt of favorable PLRs, our board of directors may decide not to elect REIT
Status, or to delay such election, if it determines in its sole discretion that it is not in the best interests of our stockholders. While we have not yet determined if we will be able to convert to a
REIT, we have determined that we will begin to operate our business in a manner consistent with being a REIT effective January 1, 2014 so that we and our stockholders will benefit from our REIT
Status in 2014 if we are ultimately successful in becoming a REIT effective in 2014. However, we can provide no assurance if or when conversion to a REIT will be successful. Furthermore, if we do
convert, the effective date of the REIT conversion could be delayed beyond January 1, 2014, in which event we could not elect REIT Status until the taxable year beginning January 1,
2015, at the earliest. 

We may not qualify or remain qualified as a REIT, and/or may not realize the anticipated benefits to stockholders, including the achievement of tax
savings for us, increases in income distributable to stockholders, the potential to lower our cost of financing through increased ownership of currently leased real estate and the expansion of our
stockholder base. 

        If we convert to a REIT, we plan to operate in a manner consistent with REIT qualification rules; however, we cannot provide assurance
that we will, in fact, qualify as a REIT or remain so qualified. REIT qualification involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code, to 

16

Table of Contents

our
operations as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these
provisions. 

        Even
if we are successful converting to a REIT and electing REIT Status, we cannot provide assurance that our stockholders will experience benefits attributable to our qualification and
taxation as a REIT, including our ability to (1) reduce our corporate level federal tax through distributions to stockholders, (2) lower our cost of financing or (3) expand our
stockholder base. The realization of the anticipated benefits to stockholders will depend on numerous factors, many of which are outside our control, including interest rates. In addition, future
distributions to stockholders will depend on our cash flows, as well as the impact of alternative, more attractive investments as compared to dividends. Further, changes in legislation or the federal
tax rules could adversely impact the benefits of being a REIT. 

Complying with REIT qualification requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 

        To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and to remain so qualified, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among
other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our common stock. For example, under the Code,
no more than 25% of the value of the assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more U.S. taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS") and other nonqualifying assets. This limitation may affect
our ability to make large investments in other non-REIT qualifying operations or assets. As such, compliance with REIT tests may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including
the purchase of significant nonqualifying assets and the material expansion of non-real estate activities. 

There are uncertainties relating to our estimate of our E&P Distribution, as well as the timing of such E&P Distribution and the percentage of common
stock and cash we may distribute. 

        We have provided an estimated range of the E&P Distribution. We are in the process of conducting a study of our pre-REIT accumulated
earnings and profits as of the close of our 2012 taxable year using our historical tax returns and other available information. This is a very involved and complex study that is not yet complete, and
the actual result of the study relating to our pre-REIT accumulated earnings and profits as of the close of our 2012 taxable year may be materially different from our current estimates. In addition,
the estimated range of our E&P Distribution is based on our projected taxable income for our 2013 taxable year and our current business plans and performance, but our actual earnings and profits (and
the actual amount of the E&P Distribution) will vary depending on, among other items, the timing of certain transactions, our actual taxable income and performance for 2013 and possible changes in
legislation or tax rules and IRS revenue procedures relating to distributions of earnings and profits. For these reasons and others, our actual E&P Distribution may be materially different from our
estimated range. 

        In
the fourth quarter of 2012, we paid to our stockholders a Special Dividend of $700 million, which represented the initial portion of the expected E&P Distribution. We expect
the balance of the E&P Distribution will be paid in 2014 if we successfully convert to a REIT, but the timing of the planned payment of the remaining E&P Distribution, which may or may not occur, may
be affected by the completion of various phases of the Conversion Plan and other factors beyond our control. The Special Dividend was paid in the aggregate of 20% in cash and 80% in shares of our
common stock. We may decide, based on our cash flows and strategic plans, IRS revenue procedures relating to distributions of earnings and profits, leverage and other factors, to pay the remaining
portion of the E&P Distribution entirely in cash or a different mix of cash and common stock. 

17

Table of Contents

We may be required to borrow funds and/or raise equity to satisfy our E&P Distribution. 

        Depending on the ultimate size and timing of the stockholder distributions, we may raise debt and/or issue equity in the near-term to
fund these disbursements, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings or offerings. Whether we issue equity, at what price and the amount and other terms of
any such issuances will depend on many factors, including alternative sources of capital, our then-existing leverage, our need for additional capital, market conditions and other factors beyond our
control. If we raise additional funds through
the issuance of equity securities or debt convertible into equity securities, the percentage of stock ownership by our existing stockholders may be reduced. In addition, new equity securities or
convertible debt securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our current stockholders, which could substantially decrease the value of our securities owned by them.
Depending on the share price we are able to obtain, we may have to sell a significant number of shares in order to raise the capital we deem necessary to execute our long-term strategy, and our
stockholders may experience dilution in the value of their shares as a result. Furthermore, satisfying our E&P Distribution and other conversion costs may increase the financing we need to fund
capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives. As a result, our indebtedness could increase. See "Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness" for further information regarding our substantial
indebtedness. 

Our REIT Status Protection Rights Agreement may not protect our potential status as a REIT and could have unintended antitakeover effects and may
prevent our stockholders from receiving a takeover premium. 

        In December 2013 we entered into a REIT Status Protection Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") with Computershare Inc., as
rights agent. In connection with the Rights Agreement, we declared a dividend of one preferred stock purchase right (a "Right") for each share of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the
"Common Stock") outstanding on December 20, 2013. We entered into the Rights Agreement in an effort to protect stockholder value by attempting to provide for the preservation of our potential
REIT Status by limiting ownership concentration that could threaten our potential REIT Status. However, since the exercisability of the Rights, or the exchange (an "Exchange") therefor by us for
shares of Common Stock or our Series A Participating Junior Preferred Stock (or another series of our preferred stock having equivalent rights, preferences and privileges), at an exchange rate
of one share of Common Stock, or a fractional share of Preferred Stock (or other stock) equivalent in value thereto, per Right, is triggered only after a person or group has exceeded beneficial
ownership of in excess of 9.8% of our Common Stock, as calculated in accordance with the Rights Agreement (the "Ownership Threshold"), the Rights Agreement, by its terms, cannot prevent a stockholder
from exceeding the Ownership Threshold and thereby threatening our potential REIT Status. Nevertheless, we expect that the potential for substantial dilution to a person or group that exceeds the
Ownership Threshold will strongly discourage a stockholder from exceeding such Ownership Threshold and becoming an Acquiring Person, as defined in the Rights Agreement. While the decision by our board
of directors to consider a person or group an Acquiring Person and/or consummate an Exchange would likely reduce such Acquiring Person's ownership below the Ownership Threshold, we can provide no
assurance that effecting an Exchange or otherwise triggering the exercisability of the Rights would retroactively remove the threat to our potential REIT Status that resulted from such Acquiring
Person exceeding the Ownership Threshold in the first place. Also, the tax consequences to a REIT of triggering a Rights Agreement are unclear, and we can provide no assurance that we will consummate
an Exchange or allow the exercisability of the Rights to be triggered even if a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of the outstanding Common Stock of greater than the Ownership Threshold.
While we have entered into the Rights Agreement to assist with our REIT compliance under the Code if we are able to convert to a REIT, the Rights Agreement also could inhibit acquisitions of a
significant stake in us and may prevent a change in our control. As a result, the overall effect of the Rights may be to render more difficult or discourage any attempt to acquire us even if such
acquisition may be favorable to the interests of our stockholders. Because our 

18

Table of Contents

board
of directors can redeem the Rights at any time in their sole discretion, the Rights should not interfere with a merger or other business combination approved by our board of directors. 

We have no experience operating as a REIT, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations if we successfully
convert to a REIT. 

        We have no experience operating as a REIT and our senior management has no experience operating a REIT. Our pre-REIT operating
experience may not be sufficient to prepare us to operate successfully as a REIT. Our inability to operate successfully as a REIT, including the failure to maintain REIT Status, could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Operational Risks 

Our customers may shift from paper and tape storage to alternative technologies that require less physical space. 

        We derive most of our revenues from rental fees for the storage of paper documents and computer backup tapes and from storage related
services. This storage requires significant physical space, which we provide through our owned and leased facilities. Alternative storage technologies exist, many of which require significantly less
space than paper documents and tapes. These technologies include computer media, microform, CD-ROM, optical disk and use of the cloud for electronic data. U.S. federal government initiatives have
resulted in many health care providers adopting programs to evolve to greater use of electronic medical records. In addition, as alternative technologies are adopted, storage related services may
decline as the physical records or tapes we store become less active and more archived. We can provide no assurance that our customers will continue to store most of their records in paper documents
or tape format. The adoption of alternative technologies may also result in decreased demand for services related to the paper documents and tapes we store. A significant shift by our customers to
storage of data through non-paper or tape based technologies, whether now existing or developed in the future, could adversely affect our businesses. 

As stored records become less active our core service revenue growth and profitability may decline. 

        Our records management service revenue growth is being negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records are becoming
less active. The amount of information available to customers through the Internet or their own information systems has been steadily increasing in recent years. As a result, while we continue to
experience growth in storage rental, our customers are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records, thereby reducing their service activity levels. At the same time many of our
costs related to records related services remain fixed. In addition, our reputation for providing secure information storage is critical to our success, and actions to manage cost structure, such as
outsourcing certain transportation, security or other functions, could negatively impact our reputation and adversely affect our business. Ultimately, if we are unable to appropriately align our cost
structure with decreased levels of service revenue, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

Changes in customer behavior with respect to document destruction and pricing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

        We have experienced pricing pressure in recent years as some customers have become more cost conscious with respect to their
information management expenditures. Some customers have taken actions designed to reduce costs associated with the retention of documents, including reducing the volume of documents they store and
adopting more aggressive destruction practices. If we are unable to increase pricing over time, or if rates of destruction of documents stored with us increase substantially, particularly in our
developed and slower growing markets, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

19

Table of Contents

Governmental and customer focus on data security could increase our costs of operations. We may not be able to fully offset these costs through
increases in our rates. In addition, incidents in which we fail to protect our customers' information against security breaches could result in monetary damages against us and could otherwise damage
our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations. 

        In reaction to publicized incidents in which electronically stored information has been lost, illegally accessed or stolen, almost all
U.S. states have adopted breach of data security statutes or regulations that require notification to consumers if the security of their personal information, such as social security numbers, is
breached. In addition, certain federal laws and regulations affecting financial institutions, health care providers and plans and others impose requirements regarding the privacy and security of
information maintained by those institutions as well as notification to persons whose personal information is accessed by an unauthorized third party. Some of these laws and regulations provide for
civil fines in certain circumstances and require the adoption and maintenance of privacy and information security programs; our failure to be in compliance with any such programs may adversely affect
our business. One U.S. state has adopted regulations requiring every company that maintains or stores personal information to adopt a comprehensive written information security program. In some
instances European data protection authorities have issued large fines as a result of data security breaches. 

        Continued
governmental focus on data security may lead to additional legislative action. For example, in the past the U.S. Congress has considered legislation that would expand the
federal data breach notification requirement beyond the financial and medical fields. In addition, the European Commission has proposed a regulation and directive that will, if adopted, supersede
Directive 95/46/EC, which has governed the processing of personal data since 1995. It is anticipated that the proposed regulation will significantly alter the security and privacy obligations of
entities, such as Iron Mountain, that process data of residents of members of the European Union and substantially increase penalties for violations. Also, an increasing number of countries have
introduced and/or increased enforcement of comprehensive privacy laws, or are expected to do so. The continued emphasis on information security as well as increasing concerns about government
surveillance may lead customers to request that we take additional measures to enhance security and assume higher liability under our contracts. We have experienced incidents in which customers'
backup tapes or other records have been lost, and we have been informed by customers that some of the incidents involved the loss of personal information, resulting in monetary costs to those
customers for which we have provided reimbursement. As a result of legislative initiatives and client demands, we may have to modify our operations with the goal of further improving data security.
Any such modifications may result in increased expenses and operating complexity, and we may be unable to increase the rates we charge for our services sufficiently to offset any increased expenses. 

        In
addition to increases in the costs of operations or potential liability that may result from a heightened focus on data security, our reputation may be damaged by any compromise of
security, accidental loss or theft of customer data in our possession. We believe that establishing and maintaining a good reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers. If our
reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 

Changing fire and safety standards may result in significant expense in certain jurisdictions. 

        As of December 31, 2013, we operated 944 records management and off-site data protection facilities worldwide, including 570 in
the United States alone. Many of these facilities were built and outfitted by third parties and added to our real estate portfolio as part of acquisitions. Some of these facilities contain fire
suppression and safety features that are different from our current specifications and current standards for new facilities, although we believe all of our facilities were constructed in 

20

Table of Contents

compliance
with laws and regulations in effect at the time of their construction or outfitting. Where we believe the fire suppression and safety features of a facility require improvement, we will
develop and implement a plan to remediate the issue. In some instances local authorities having jurisdiction may take the position that our fire suppression and safety features in a particular
facility are insufficient and require additional measures which may involve considerable expense to us. If additional fire safety and suppression measures beyond our current operating plan were
required at a large number of our facilities, the expense required for compliance could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our customer contracts may not always limit our liability and may sometimes contain terms that could lead to disputes in contract interpretation. 

        Our customer contracts typically contain provisions limiting our liability with respect to loss or destruction of, or damage to,
records or information stored with us. Our liability under physical storage contracts is often limited to a nominal fixed amount per item or unit of storage, such as per cubic foot and our liability
under our DMS services and other service contracts is often limited to a percentage of annual revenue under the contract; however, some of our contracts with large volume accounts and some of the
contracts assumed in our acquisitions contain no such limits or contain higher limits. We cannot provide assurance that where we have limitation of liability provisions they will be enforceable in all
instances or, if enforceable, that they would otherwise protect us from liability. In addition to provisions limiting our liability, our standard storage rental and service contracts include a
schedule setting forth the majority of the customer-specific terms, including storage rental and service pricing and service delivery terms. Our customers may dispute the interpretation of various
provisions in their contracts. In the past, we have had relatively few disputes with our customers with regard to the terms of their customer contracts, and most disputes to date have not been
material, but we can give no assurance that we will not have material disputes in the future. Although we maintain a
comprehensive insurance program, there is no assurance we will be able to maintain insurance policies on acceptable terms in order to cover losses to us in connection with customer contract disputes. 

Failure to comply with certain regulatory and contractual requirements under our U.S. Government contracts could adversely affect our revenues,
operating results and financial position. 

        Selling our services to the U.S. Government subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. Failure to comply with
these requirements could subject us to investigations, price reductions, up to treble damages, and civil penalties. Noncompliance with certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result
in us being suspended or barred from future U.S. Government contracting. We may also face private derivative securities claims as a result of adverse government actions. Any of these outcomes could
have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial position and reputation. 

International operations may pose unique risks. 

        As of December 31, 2013, we provided services in 35 countries outside the U.S. As part of our growth strategy, we expect to
continue to acquire or invest in storage and information management services businesses in select foreign markets, including countries where we do not currently operate. International operations are
subject to numerous risks, including:

•

the impact of foreign government regulations and U.S. regulations that apply to us wherever we operate; in particular,
Iron Mountain is subject to U.S. and foreign anticorruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, and, although we have implemented internal controls, policies and
procedures and training to deter prohibited practices, employees, partners, contractors or agents may violate or circumvent such policies and the law; 

21

Table of Contents

•

the volatility of certain foreign economies in which we operate; 

•

political uncertainties; 

•

unforeseen liabilities, particularly within acquired businesses; 

•

costs and difficulties associated with managing international operations of varying sizes and scale; 

•

the risk that business partners upon whom we depend for technical assistance or management and acquisition expertise in
some markets outside of the U.S. will not perform as expected; 

•

difficulties attracting and retaining local management and key employees to operate our business in certain countries; 

•

cultural differences and differences in business practices and operating standards; and 

•

foreign currency fluctuations. 

        In
particular, our net income can be significantly affected by fluctuations in currencies associated with certain intercompany balances of our foreign subsidiaries owed to us and between
our foreign subsidiaries. 

We may be subject to certain costs and potential liabilities associated with the real estate required for our business. 

        Because our business is heavily dependent on real estate, we face special risks attributable to the real estate we own or lease. Such
risks include:

•

variable occupancy costs and difficulty locating suitable sites due to fluctuations in real estate markets; 

•

uninsured losses or damage to our storage facilities due to an inability to obtain full coverage on a cost-effective basis
for some casualties, such as fires, earthquakes, or any coverage for certain losses, such as losses from riots or terrorist activities; 

•

inability to use our real estate holdings effectively and costs associated with vacating or consolidating facilities if
the demand for physical storage were to diminish because our customers choose other storage technologies or because competitors attract our customers; and 

•

liability under environmental laws for the costs of investigation and cleanup of contaminated real estate owned or leased
by us, whether or not (i) we know of, or were responsible for, the contamination, or (ii) the contamination occurred while we owned or leased the property. 

        Some
of our current and formerly owned or leased properties were previously used by entities other than us for industrial or other purposes that involved the use, storage, generation
and/or disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including petroleum products. In some instances this prior use involved the operation of underground storage tanks or the presence of
asbestos-containing materials. Although we have from time to time conducted limited environmental investigations and remedial activities at some of our former and current facilities, we have not
undertaken an in-depth environmental review of all of our properties. We therefore may be potentially liable for environmental costs like those discussed above and may be unable to sell, rent,
mortgage or use contaminated real estate owned or leased by us. Environmental conditions for which we might be liable may also exist at properties that we may acquire in the future. In addition,
future regulatory action and environmental laws may impose costs for environmental compliance that do not exist today. 

Unexpected events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. 

        Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at our facilities, natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes, war or
terrorist activities, unplanned power outages, supply disruptions and 

22

Table of Contents

failure
of equipment or systems, could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Our customers rely on us to securely store and timely retrieve their critical information, and these
events could result in customer service disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities and the information stored in those facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key
operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems, each of which could negatively impact our reputation and results of operations. During the past several years we have seen an
increase in severe storms and hurricanes and our key facilities in Florida and other coastal areas in particular are subject to this inherent risk. 

Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        Our reputation for providing highly secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. Our reputation
or brand, and specifically, the trust our customers place in us, could be negatively impacted in the event of perceived or actual failures by us to store information securely. For example, events such
as fires, natural disasters, attacks on our information technology systems or security breaches involving Iron Mountain could negatively impact our reputation, particularly if such incidents result in
adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. Damage to our reputation could make us less competitive, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our operating revenues and results of operations. 

        Our operating revenues and results of operations are impacted by significant changes in commodity prices. In particular, our secure
shredding operations generate revenue from the sale of shredded paper to recyclers. We generate additional revenue through a customer surcharge when the price of diesel fuel rises above certain
predetermined rates. As a result, significant declines in paper and diesel fuel prices may negatively impact our revenues and results of operations, and increases in other commodity prices, including
steel, may negatively impact our results of operations. 

Attacks on our internal information technology systems could damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of
operations. 

        Our reputation for providing secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. We have previously
faced attempts by unauthorized users to gain access to our information technology systems and expect to continue to face such attempts. Although we seek to prevent, detect and investigate these
security incidents and have taken steps to prevent such security breaches, there can be no assurance that attacks by unauthorized users will not be attempted in the future or that our security
measures will be effective. A successful breach of the security of our information technology systems could lead to theft or misuse of our customers' proprietary or confidential information and result
in third party claims against us and reputational harm. If our reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of
operations. 

We may be subject to claims that our technology violates the intellectual property rights of a third party. 

        Third parties may have legal rights (including ownership of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights) to ideas, materials,
processes, names or original works that are the same or similar to those we use. Third parties have in the past, and may in the future, bring claims, or threaten to bring claims, against us that
allege that their intellectual property rights are being infringed or violated by our use of intellectual property. Litigation or threatened litigation could be costly and distract our senior
management from operating our business. Further, if we cannot establish our right or obtain the right to use the intellectual property on reasonable terms, we may be required to develop alternative
intellectual property at our expense to mitigate potential harm. 

23

Table of Contents

We face competition for customers. 

        We compete with multiple storage and information management services providers in all geographic areas where we operate; our current or
potential customers may choose to use those competitors instead of us. We also compete, in some of our business lines, with our current and potential customers' internal storage and information
management services capabilities. These organizations may not begin or continue to use a third party, such as Iron Mountain, for their future storage and information management service needs. 

 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our various debt
instruments. 

        We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2013, our total long-term debt was approximately
$4.17 billion, our stockholders' equity was approximately $1.06 billion and our cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) totaled approximately $0.15 billion. Our
substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to our current and potential investors. Our indebtedness may increase as we continue to borrow under existing and future credit arrangements
in order to finance future acquisitions, to fund the Conversion Plan and for general corporate purposes, which would increase the associated risks. These risks include:

•

inability to satisfy our obligations with respect to our various debt instruments; 

•

inability to adjust to adverse economic conditions; 

•

inability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements,
including possible required repurchases of our various indebtedness or the payment of quarterly dividends; 

•

limits on our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the information management services
industry; 

•

limits on future borrowings under our existing or future credit arrangements, which could affect our ability to pay our
indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs; 

•

inability to generate sufficient funds to cover required interest payments; and 

•

restrictions on our ability to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms. 

Restrictive debt covenants may limit our ability to pursue our growth strategy. 

        Our credit facility and our indentures contain covenants restricting or limiting our ability to, among other
things:

•

incur additional indebtedness; 

•

pay dividends or make other restricted payments; 

•

make asset dispositions; 

•

create or permit liens; and 

•

make acquisitions and other investments. 

        These
restrictions may adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition and other growth strategies. 

24

Table of Contents

We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance the repurchase of outstanding senior or senior subordinated notes upon a change
of control event as required by our indentures. 

        Upon the occurrence of a "change of control", we will be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding senior or senior subordinated
notes. However, it is possible that we will not have sufficient funds at the time of the change of control to make the required repurchase of the notes or that restrictions in our revolving credit
facility will not allow such repurchases. Certain important corporate events, however, such as leveraged recapitalizations that would increase the level of our indebtedness, would not constitute a
"change of control" under our indentures. 

Iron Mountain is a holding company, and, therefore, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations depends in part on the operations of
our subsidiaries. 

        Iron Mountain is a holding company; substantially all of our assets consist of the stock of our subsidiaries, and substantially all of
our operations are conducted by our direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations will be dependent upon the receipt of
sufficient funds from our subsidiaries. However, our various debt obligations are guaranteed, on a joint and several and full and unconditional basis, by most, but not all, of our direct and indirect
wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries. 

 Acquisition and Expansion Risks 

Elements of our strategic growth plan involve inherent risks. 

        As part of our strategic growth plan, we have undergone a significant management reorganization, and we expect to invest in new
business strategies, products, services, technologies and geographies and we may selectively divest certain businesses. These initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including
distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenues to offset expenses and liabilities associated with new investments, inadequate return of capital on these investments and the
inability to attract, develop and retain skilled employees to lead and support new initiatives. For example, in 2013 we expanded our entry into the data center market by leasing wholesale and retail
colocation space in our underground facility in Pennsylvania, and we broke ground on our first regional data center in Northborough, Massachusetts, which required a significant capital commitment.
Many of these new ventures are inherently risky and no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful in achieving the desired returns within a reasonable timeframe, if
at all, and that they will not adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 

Failure to manage our growth may impact operating results. 

        If we succeed in expanding our existing businesses, or in moving into new areas of business, that expansion may place increased demands
on our management, operating systems, internal controls and financial and physical resources. If not managed effectively, these increased demands may adversely affect the services we provide to
customers. In addition, our personnel, systems,
procedures and controls may be inadequate to support future operations, particularly with respect to operations in countries outside of the U.S. or in new lines of business. Consequently, in order to
manage growth effectively, we may be required to increase expenditures to increase our physical resources, expand, train and manage our employee base, improve management, financial and information
systems and controls, or make other capital expenditures. Our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we encounter difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting,
forecasting and other process control issues presented by future growth. 

25

Table of Contents

Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations could negatively impact our balance sheet and results of operations. 

        Strategic acquisitions are an important element of our growth strategy and the success of any acquisition we make depends in part on
our ability to integrate the acquired company and realize anticipated synergies. The process of integrating acquired businesses, particularly in new markets, may involve unforeseen difficulties and
may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. We can give no assurance that we will ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage
the operations of any acquired business or realize anticipated synergies. The failure to successfully integrate the cultures, operating systems, procedures and information technologies of an acquired
business could have a material adverse effect on our balance sheet and results of operations. 

We may be unable to continue our international expansion. 

        An important part of our growth strategy involves expanding operations in international markets, including in markets where we
currently do not operate, and we expect to continue this expansion. Europe, Latin America and Australia have been our primary areas of focus for international expansion, and we have expanded into the
Asia Pacific region to a lesser extent. We have entered into joint ventures and have acquired all or a majority of the equity in storage and information management services businesses operating in
these areas and may acquire other storage and information management services businesses in the future, including in new countries/markets where we currently do not operate. 

        This
growth strategy involves risks. We may be unable to pursue this strategy in the future at the desired pace or at all. For example, we may be unable
to:

•

identify suitable companies to acquire or invest in; 

•

complete acquisitions on satisfactory terms; 

•

successfully expand our infrastructure and sales force to support growth; 

•

achieve satisfactory returns on acquired companies, particularly in countries where we do not currently operate; 

•

incur additional debt necessary to acquire suitable companies if we are unable to pay the purchase price out of working
capital, common stock or other equity securities; or 

•

enter into successful business arrangements for technical assistance or management expertise outside of the U.S. 

        We
also compete with other storage and information management services providers for companies to acquire. Some of our competitors may possess substantial financial and other resources.
If any such competitor were to devote additional resources to pursue such acquisition candidates or focus its strategy on our international markets, the purchase price for potential acquisitions or
investments could rise, competition in international markets could increase and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

There is no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends. 

        Our board of directors adopted a dividend policy under which we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. However,
our ability to pay dividends will be adversely affected if any of the risks described herein occur. In addition, any determination by us to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be
based primarily upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements and strategy and our board of directors' continuing determination that the 

26

Table of Contents

declaration
of dividends under the dividend policy is in the best interests of our stockholders. The terms of our credit facility and our indentures contain provisions permitting the payment of cash
dividends subject to certain limitations. For these reasons, among others, our cash dividend rate may decline or we may cease paying dividends.