. 

        Our businesses face many risks. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occur, our businesses,
financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our debt or equity securities could decline. Our current and potential investors should consider the following risks
and the information contained under the heading "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" before deciding to invest in our securities. 

 Risks Related to the Proposed REIT Conversion 

Although following our strategic review process we have chosen to pursue conversion to a REIT, we may not be successful in converting to a REIT
effective January 1, 2014, or at all. 

        As previously announced, in June 2011 we formed the Special Committee to evaluate, among other things, ways to maximize stockholder
value through alternative financing, capital, and tax strategies, including evaluating a potential conversion to a REIT (the "Conversion Plan"). In June 2012, our board of directors unanimously
approved the Conversion Plan. There are significant implementation and operational complexities to address in connection with converting to a REIT, including obtaining a favorable PLR from the IRS,
completing internal reorganizations, modifying accounting, information technology and real estate systems, receiving stockholder approvals, refinancing our revolving credit and term loan facilities
and making required stockholder payouts. Further, changes in legislation or the federal tax rules could adversely impact our ability to convert to a REIT and/or the attractiveness of converting to a
REIT. Similarly, even if we are able to satisfy the existing REIT requirements, the tax laws, regulations and interpretations governing REITs may change at any time in ways that could be
disadvantageous to us. 

        Additionally,
several conditions must be met in order to complete the conversion to a REIT, and the timing and outcome of many of these conditions are beyond our control. For example, we
cannot provide assurance that the IRS will ultimately provide us with a favorable PLR or that any favorable PLR will be received in a timely manner for us to convert successfully to a REIT as of
January 1, 2014. Even if the transactions necessary to implement REIT conversion are effected, our board of directors may decide not to elect REIT status, or to delay such election, if it
determines in its sole discretion that it is not in the best interests of our stockholders. We can provide no assurance if or when
conversion to a REIT will be successful. Furthermore, if we do convert, the effective date of the REIT conversion could be delayed beyond January 1, 2014, in which event we could not elect REIT
status until the taxable year beginning January 1, 2015, at the earliest. 

16

Table of Contents

We may not qualify or remain qualified as a REIT, and/or may not realize the anticipated benefits to stockholders, including the achievement of tax
savings for us, increases in income distributable to stockholders, the potential to lower our cost of financing through increased ownership of currently leased real estate and the expansion of our
stockholder base. 

        If we convert to a REIT, we plan to operate in a manner consistent with REIT qualification rules; however, we cannot provide assurance
that we will, in fact, qualify as a REIT or remain so qualified. REIT qualification involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), to our operations as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are limited judicial or administrative
interpretations of these provisions. 

        Even
if we are successful converting to a REIT and electing REIT status, we cannot provide assurance that our stockholders will experience benefits attributable to our qualification and
taxation as a REIT, including our ability to (1) reduce our corporate level federal tax through distributions to stockholders, (2) lower our cost of financing or (3) expand our
stockholder base. The realization of the anticipated benefits to stockholders will depend on numerous factors, many of which are outside our control, including interest rates. In addition, future
distributions to stockholders will depend on our cash flows, as well as the impact of alternative, more attractive investments as compared to dividends. Further, changes in legislation or the federal
tax rules could adversely impact the benefits of being a REIT. 

Complying with REIT qualification requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 

        To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and to remain so qualified, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among
other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our common stock. For example, under the Code,
no more than 25% of the value of the assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more U.S. taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS") and other nonqualifying assets. This limitation may affect
our ability to make large investments in other non-REIT qualifying operations or assets. As such, compliance with
REIT tests may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of significant nonqualifying assets and the material expansion of non-real estate
activities. 

There are uncertainties relating to our estimate of our E&P Distribution, as well as the timing of such E&P Distribution and the percentage of common
stock and cash we may distribute. 

        We have provided an estimated range of the E&P Distribution. We are in the process of conducting a study of our pre-REIT
accumulated earnings and profits as of the close of our 2011 taxable year using our historic tax returns and other available information. This is a very involved and complex study that is not yet
complete, and the actual result of the study relating to our pre-REIT accumulated earnings and profits as of the close of our 2011 taxable year may be materially different from our current
estimates. In addition, the estimated range of our E&P Distribution is based on our projected taxable income for our 2012 and 2013 taxable years and our current business plans and performance, but our
actual earnings and profits (and the actual amount of the E&P Distribution) will vary depending on, among other items, the timing of certain transactions, our actual taxable income and performance for
2012 and 2013 and possible changes in legislation or tax rules and IRS revenue procedures relating to distributions of earnings and profits. For these reasons and others, our actual E&P Distribution
may be materially different from our estimated range. 

        In
the fourth quarter of 2012, we paid to our stockholders a Special Dividend of $700 million, which represented the initial portion of the expected E&P Distribution. We expect
the balance of the 

17

Table of Contents

E&P
Distribution will be paid in 2014, but the timing of the planned payment of the remaining E&P Distribution, which may or may not occur, may be affected by potential tax law changes, the completion
of various phases of the REIT Conversion Plan and other factors beyond our control. The Special Dividend was paid in the aggregate of 20% in cash and 80% in shares of our common stock. We may decide,
based on our cash flows and strategic plans, IRS revenue procedures relating to distributions of earnings and profits, leverage and other factors, to pay the remaining portion of the E&P Distribution
entirely in cash or a different mix of cash and common stock. 

We may be required to borrow funds and/or raise equity to satisfy our E&P Distribution and other conversion costs. 

        Depending on the ultimate size and timing of the stockholder distributions and the cash outlays associated with our conversion to a
REIT, we may raise debt and/or issue equity in the near-term to fund these disbursements, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings
or offerings. Whether we issue equity, at what price and the amount and other terms of any such issuances will depend on many factors, including alternative sources of capital, our
then-existing leverage, our need for additional capital, market conditions and other factors beyond our control. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities or
debt convertible into equity securities, the percentage of stock ownership by our existing stockholders may be reduced. In addition, new equity securities or convertible debt securities could have
rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our current stockholders, which could substantially decrease the value of our securities owned by them. Depending on the share price we are able
to obtain, we may have to sell a significant number of shares in order to raise the capital we deem necessary to execute our long-term strategy, and our stockholders may experience
dilution in the value of their shares as a result. Furthermore, satisfying our E&P Distribution and other conversion costs may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future
growth and expansion initiatives. As a result, our indebtedness could increase. See "Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness" for further information regarding our substantial indebtedness. 

There are uncertainties relating to the costs associated with implementing the Conversion Plan. 

        We have provided an estimated range of our tax and other costs to convert to a REIT, including estimated tax liabilities associated
with a change in our method of depreciating and amortizing various assets and annual compliance costs. Our estimate of these taxes and other costs, however, may not be accurate, and such costs may in
actuality be materially different from our estimates due to unanticipated outcomes in the PLR, changes in our business support functions and support costs, the unsuccessful execution of internal
planning, including restructurings and cost reduction initiatives, or other factors. 

We have no experience operating as a REIT, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations if we successfully
convert to a REIT. 

        We have no experience operating as a REIT and our senior management has no experience operating a REIT. Our pre-REIT
operating experience may not be sufficient to prepare us to operate successfully as a REIT. Our inability to operate successfully as a REIT, including the failure to maintain REIT status, could
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Operational Risks 

Our customers may shift from paper storage to alternative technologies that require less physical space. 

        We derive most of our revenues from the storage of paper documents and storage related services. This storage requires significant
physical space, which we provide through our owned and leased facilities. Alternative storage technologies exist, many of which require significantly less space than 

18

Table of Contents

paper
documents. These technologies include computer media, microform, CD-ROM and optical disk. U.S. federal government initiatives have resulted in many health care providers adopting
programs to evolve to greater use of electronic medical records. In addition, as alternative technologies are adopted, storage related services may decline as the physical records we store become less
active and more archived. We can provide no assurance that our customers will continue to store most of their records in paper documents format. The adoption of alternative technologies may also
result in decreased demand for services related to the paper documents we store. A significant shift by our customers to storage of data through non-paper based technologies, whether now
existing or developed in the future, could adversely affect our businesses. 

Governmental and customer focus on data security could increase our costs of operations. We may not be able to fully offset these costs through
increases in our rates. In addition, incidents in which we fail to protect our customers' information against security breaches could result in monetary damages against us and could otherwise damage
our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations. 

        In reaction to publicized incidents in which electronically stored information has been lost, illegally accessed or stolen, almost all
U.S. states have adopted breach of data security statutes or regulations that require notification to consumers if the security of their personal information, such as social security numbers, is
breached. In addition, certain federal laws and
regulations affecting financial institutions, health care providers and plans and others impose requirements regarding the privacy and security of information maintained by those institutions as well
as notification to persons whose personal information is accessed by an unauthorized third party. Some of these laws and regulations provide for civil fines in certain circumstances and require the
adoption and maintenance of privacy and information security programs; our failure to be in compliance with any such programs may adversely affect our business. One U.S. state has adopted regulations
requiring every company that maintains or stores personal information to adopt a comprehensive written information security program. In some instances European data protection authorities have issued
large fines as a result of data security breaches. 

        Continued
governmental focus on data security may lead to additional legislative action. For example, in the past the U.S. Congress has considered legislation that would expand the
federal data breach notification requirement beyond the financial and medical fields. In addition, the European Commission has proposed a new regulation and directive that will, if adopted, supersede
Directive 95/46/EC, which has governed the processing of personal data since 1995. It is anticipated that the new proposal will significantly alter the security and privacy obligations of entities,
such as Iron Mountain, that process data of citizens of members of the European Union. The continued emphasis on information security may lead customers to request that we take additional measures to
enhance security and assume higher liability under our contracts. We have experienced incidents in which customers' backup tapes or other records have been lost, and we have been informed by customers
that some of the incidents involved the loss of personal information, resulting in monetary costs to those customers for which we have provided reimbursement. As a result of legislative initiatives
and client demands, we may have to modify our operations with the goal of further improving data security. Any such modifications may result in increased expenses and operating complexity, and we may
be unable to increase the rates we charge for our services sufficiently to offset any increased expenses. 

        In
addition to increases in the costs of operations or potential liability that may result from a heightened focus on data security, our reputation may be damaged by any compromise of
security, accidental loss or theft of customer data in our possession. We believe that establishing and maintaining a good reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers. If our
reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 

19

Table of Contents

Our customer contracts may not always limit our liability and may sometimes contain terms that could lead to disputes in contract interpretation. 

        Our customer contracts usually contain provisions limiting our liability with respect to loss or destruction of, or damage to, records
or information stored with us. Our liability
under physical storage contracts is often limited to a nominal fixed amount per item or unit of storage, such as per cubic foot and our liability under our DMS services and other service contracts is
often limited to a percentage of annual revenue under the contract; however, some of our contracts with large volume accounts and some of the contracts assumed in our acquisitions contain no such
limits or contain higher limits. We cannot provide assurance that where we have limitation of liability provisions they will be enforceable in all instances or, if enforceable, that they would
otherwise protect us from liability. In addition to provisions limiting our liability, our standard storage rental and service contracts include a schedule setting forth the majority of the
customer-specific terms, including storage rental and service pricing and service delivery terms. Our customers may dispute the interpretation of various provisions in their contracts. While we have
had relatively few disputes with our customers with regard to the terms of their customer contracts, and most disputes to date have not been material, we can give no assurance that we will not have
material disputes in the future. 

As stored records become less active our core service revenue growth may decline. 

        Our core service revenue growth is being negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records are becoming less active.
The amount of information available to customers through the internet or their own information systems has been steadily increasing in recent years. As a result, while customers continue to store
their records with us, they are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records for research purposes thereby reducing their core service activity levels. 

We face competition for customers. 

        We compete with multiple storage and information management services providers in all geographic areas where we operate; our current or
potential customers may choose to use those competitors instead of us. We also compete, in some of our business lines, with our current and potential customers' internal storage and information
management services capabilities. These organizations may not begin or continue to use a third party, such as Iron Mountain, for their future storage and information management services needs. 

Failure to comply with certain regulatory and contractual requirements under our U.S. Government contracts could adversely affect our revenues,
operating results and financial position. 

        Selling our services to the U.S. Government subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. Failure to comply with
these requirements could subject us to investigations, price reductions, up to treble damages, and civil penalties. Noncompliance with certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result
in us being suspended or barred from future
U.S. Government contracting. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results and financial position. 

We may be subject to certain costs and potential liabilities associated with the real estate required for our business. 

        Because our business is heavily dependent on real estate, we face special risks attributable to the real estate we own or lease. Such
risks include:

•

variable occupancy costs and difficulty locating suitable sites due to fluctuations in real estate markets; 

20

Table of Contents

•

uninsured losses or damage to our storage facilities due to an inability to obtain full coverage on a
cost-effective basis for some casualties, such as earthquakes, or any coverage for certain losses, such as losses from riots or terrorist activities; 

•

inability to use our real estate holdings effectively and costs associated with vacating or consolidating facilities if
the demand for physical storage were to diminish because our customers choose other storage technologies or because competitors attract our customers; and 

•

liability under environmental laws for the costs of investigation and cleanup of contaminated real estate owned or leased
by us, whether or not (i) we know of, or were responsible for, the contamination, or (ii) the contamination occurred while we owned or leased the property. 

        Some
of our current and formerly owned or leased properties were previously used by entities other than us for industrial or other purposes that involved the use, storage, generation
and/or disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including petroleum products. In some instances this prior use involved the operation of underground storage tanks or the presence of
asbestos-containing materials. Although we have from time to time conducted limited environmental investigations and remedial activities at some of our former and current facilities, we have not
undertaken an in-depth environmental review of all of our properties. We therefore may be potentially liable for environmental costs like those discussed above and may be unable to sell,
rent, mortgage or use contaminated real estate owned or leased by us. Environmental conditions for which we might be liable may also exist at properties that we may acquire in the future. In addition,
future regulatory action and environmental laws may impose costs for environmental compliance that do not exist today. 

International operations may pose unique risks. 

        As of December 31, 2012, we provided services in more than 30 countries outside the U.S. As part of our growth strategy, we
expect to continue to acquire or invest in storage and information management services businesses in select foreign markets. International operations are subject to numerous risks,
including:

•

the impact of foreign government regulations and U.S. regulations that apply to us wherever we operate; 

•

the volatility of certain foreign economies in which we operate; 

•

political uncertainties; 

•

unforeseen liabilities, particularly within acquired businesses; 

•

the risk that the business partners upon whom we depend for technical assistance or management and acquisition expertise
outside of the U.S. will not perform as expected; 

•

differences in business practices; and 

•

foreign currency fluctuations. 

        In
particular, our net income can be significantly affected by fluctuations in currencies associated with certain intercompany balances of our foreign subsidiaries owed to us and between
our foreign subsidiaries. 

Changing fire and safety standards may result in significant expense in certain jurisdictions. 

        As of December 31, 2012, we operated 938 records management and off-site data protection facilities worldwide,
including 569 in the United States alone. Many of these facilities were built and outfitted by third parties and added to Iron Mountain's real estate portfolio as part of acquisitions. Some of these
facilities contain fire suppression and safety features that are different from our current 

21

Table of Contents

specifications
and current standards for new facilities, although we believe all of our facilities were constructed in compliance with laws and regulations in effect at the time of their construction
or outfitting. Where we believe the fire suppression and safety features of a facility require improvement,
we will develop and implement a plan to remediate the issue. In some instances local authorities having jurisdiction may take the position that our fire suppression and safety features in a particular
facility are insufficient and require additional measures which may involve considerable expense to Iron Mountain. If additional fire safety and suppression measures beyond our current operating plan
were required at a large number of our facilities, the expense required for compliance could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Unexpected events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations. 

        Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at our facilities, natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes, war or
terrorist activities, unplanned power outages, supply disruptions and failure of equipment or systems, could adversely affect our results of operations. These events could result in customer service
disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems, each of which
could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our operating revenues and results of operations. 

        Our operating revenues and results of operations are impacted by significant changes in commodity prices. In particular, our secure
shredding operations generate revenue from the sale of shredded paper to recyclers. We generate additional revenue through a customer surcharge when the price of diesel fuel rises above certain
predetermined rates. As a result, significant declines in paper and diesel fuel prices may negatively impact our revenues and results of operations, and increases in other commodity prices, including
steel, may negatively impact our results of operations. 

Attacks on our internal information technology systems could damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of
operations. 

        Our reputation for providing secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. We have previously
faced attempts by unauthorized users to gain access to our information technology systems and expect to continue to face such attempts. Although we seek to prevent, detect and investigate these
security incidents and have taken steps to prevent such security breaches, there can be no assurance that attacks by unauthorized users will not be attempted in the future or that our security
measures will be effective. A successful breach of the security of our information technology systems could lead to theft or misuse of our customers' proprietary or confidential information and result
in third party claims against us and reputational harm. If our
reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 

We may be subject to claims that our technology violates the intellectual property rights of a third party. 

        Third parties may have legal rights (including ownership of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights) to ideas, materials,
processes, names or original works that are the same or similar to those we use. Third parties may bring claims, or threaten to bring claims, against us that allege that their intellectual property
rights are being infringed or violated by our use of intellectual property. Litigation or threatened litigation could be costly and distract our senior management from operating our business. Further,
if we cannot establish our right or obtain the right to use the intellectual property on reasonable terms, we may be required to develop alternative intellectual property at our expense to mitigate
potential harm. 

22

Table of Contents

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

There is no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends. 

        Our board of directors adopted a dividend policy under which we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. However,
our ability to pay dividends will be adversely affected if any of the risks described herein occur. In addition, any determination by us to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be
based primarily upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements and strategy and our board of directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends under the
dividend policy is in the best interests of our stockholders. The terms of our revolving credit facility and term loan facility and our indentures contain provisions permitting the payment of cash
dividends subject to certain limitations. For these reasons, among others, our cash dividend rate may decline or we may cease paying dividends. 

 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our various debt
instruments. 

        We have a significant amount of indebtedness. The following table shows important credit statistics as of December 31, 2012
(dollars in millions): 

Total long-term debt

$

3,825.0

Total equity

$

1,162.4

Debt to equity ratio

3.29

 X

        Our
substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to our current and potential investors. Our indebtedness may increase as we continue to borrow under existing and future
credit arrangements in order to finance future acquisitions, to fund the Conversion Plan and for general corporate purposes, which would increase the associated risks. These risks
include:

•

inability to satisfy our obligations with respect to our various debt instruments; 

•

inability to adjust to adverse economic conditions; 

•

inability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements,
including possible required repurchases of our various indebtedness or the payment of quarterly dividends; 

•

limits on our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the information management services
industry; 

•

limits on future borrowings under our existing or future credit arrangements, which could affect our ability to pay our
indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs; 

•

inability to generate sufficient funds to cover required interest payments; and 

•

restrictions on our ability to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms. 

Restrictive loan covenants may limit our ability to pursue our growth strategy. 

        Our credit facility and our indentures contain covenants restricting or limiting our ability to, among other
things:

•

incur additional indebtedness; 

•

pay dividends or make other restricted payments; 

•

make asset dispositions; 

23

Table of Contents

•

create or permit liens; and 

•

make capital expenditures and other investments. 

        These
restrictions may adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition and other growth strategies. 

We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance the repurchase of outstanding senior subordinated indebtedness upon a change of
control event as required by our indentures. 

        Upon the occurrence of a "change of control", we will be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding senior subordinated
indebtedness. However, it is possible that we will not have sufficient funds at the time of the change of control to make the required repurchase of the notes or that restrictions in our revolving
credit facility will not allow such repurchases. Certain important corporate events, however, such as leveraged recapitalizations that would increase the level of our indebtedness, would not
constitute a "change of control" under our indentures. 

Iron Mountain is a holding company, and, therefore, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations depends in part on the operations of
our subsidiaries. 

        Iron Mountain is a holding company; substantially all of our assets consist of the stock of our subsidiaries, and substantially all of
our operations are conducted by our direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations will be dependent upon the receipt of
sufficient funds from our subsidiaries. However, our various debt obligations are guaranteed, on a joint and several and full and unconditional basis, by most, but not all, of our direct and indirect
wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries. 

 Acquisition and Expansion Risks 

Failure to manage our growth may impact operating results. 

        If we succeed in expanding our existing businesses, or in moving into new areas of business, that expansion may place increased demands
on our management, operating systems, internal controls and financial and physical resources. If not managed effectively, these increased demands may adversely affect the services we provide to
existing customers. In addition, our personnel, systems, procedures and controls may be inadequate to support future operations. Consequently, in order to manage growth effectively, we may be required
to increase expenditures to increase our physical resources, expand, train and manage our employee base, improve management, financial and information systems and controls, or make other capital
expenditures. Our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we encounter difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting, forecasting and other process control issues
presented by future growth. 

Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations could negatively impact our balance sheet and results of operations. 

        The success of any acquisition we make depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired company. The process of integrating
acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. We can give no assurance that we
will ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of any acquired business. The failure to successfully integrate the cultures, operating systems, procedures and information
technologies of an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our balance sheet and results of operations. 

24

Table of Contents

We may be unable to continue our international expansion. 

        Part of our growth strategy involves expanding operations in international markets, and we expect to continue this expansion. Europe,
Latin America and Australia have been our primary areas of focus for international expansion, and we have expanded into the Asia Pacific region to a lesser extent. We have entered into joint ventures
and have acquired all or a majority of the equity in storage and information management services businesses operating in these areas and may acquire other storage and information management services
businesses in the future. 

        This
growth strategy involves risks. We may be unable to pursue this strategy in the future at the desired pace or at all. For example, we may be unable
to:

•

identify suitable companies to acquire or invest in; 

•

complete acquisitions on satisfactory terms; 

•

successfully expand our infrastructure and sales force to support growth; 

•

incur additional debt necessary to acquire suitable companies if we are unable to pay the purchase price out of working
capital, common stock or other equity securities; or 

•

enter into successful business arrangements for technical assistance or management expertise outside of the U.S. 

        We
also compete with other storage and information management services providers for companies to acquire. Some of our competitors may possess substantial financial and other resources.
If any such competitor were to devote additional resources to pursue such acquisition candidates or focus its strategy on our international markets, the purchase price for potential acquisitions or
investments could rise, competition in international markets could increase and our results of operations could be adversely affected.