The Company is subject to various risks and uncertainties relating to or
arising out of the nature of our businesses, financial conditions and results of
operations, including those discussed below, which may affect the value of our
securities. We believe the risks discussed below are currently the most
significant, although additional risks not presently known to us or that we
currently deem less significant may also impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations, perhaps materially.

 Factors that could cause results to differ materially from those
anticipated by the Company include:

- General global economic conditions, particularly in the local economies of the
 countries or regions in which we sell our products, including declines in
 consumer spending which could have a negative impact on the results of all of
 our businesses.

- We manufacture and sell products used in cyclical businesses including in the
 construction, defense, mining and minerals, transportation, automotive and
 aerospace industries. Downturns in these industries could adversely affect our
 businesses.

- Many of our government contracts are subject to profit limitations, which
 limit our upside potential on a per contract basis, and all are subject to
 termination by our customers, Termination of key government contracts or a
 significant number of government contracts would have a negative impact on our
 businesses.

- Competition pressures in all our businesses include product capability,
 technological innovation, cycle time, price pressures, quality and the
 reliability of services we offer. In our Fluid Technology business competition
 includes public bidding on many contracts. Our revenues and profitability
 could be negatively impacted as a result of competition.

- Weather conditions including drought, natural disasters, and excessive rains
 may negatively affect our Fluid Technology and Motion & Flow Control
 businesses.

- Industry overcapacity in the Fluid Technology market could have an adverse
 impact on the results of our Fluid Technology business.

- Decrease in demand for replacement parts and services would adversely affect
 our Fluid Technology business.

- Our Fluid Technology business depends upon the ability of municipal markets to
 fund products and services and a significant decline in funding available to
 these markets would have an adverse effect on the results of the Fluid
 Technology business.

- Economic downturns in automotive, aerospace and marine and leisure markets
 could negatively affect our Motion & Flow Control businesses.

- Because 83% of our Defense Electronics & Services sales are to the U.S.
 government, changes in the portion of the U.S. Defense budget devoted to
 products and services of the types of products provided by the Company would
 adversely impact our business.

- Many Defense Electronics & Services contracts are subject to security and
 facility clearances, as well as export licences, which, if withdrawn or
 restricted, would adversely affect our business.

- Our business could be adversely affected if we are not able to integrate
 acquisitions that we make or negotiate favorable terms for our divestitures.

- Employment and pension matters, including changes in laws relating to pension
 reform, could increase our costs of operations.

- Interest and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect
 our results. We engage in hedging strategies but it is not possible to hedge
 against all eventualities.

- The commodities, supplies and raw materials that we use in our operations may
 not be available or may only be available at increased prices which would have
 a negative affect on our results of operations.

- Governmental investigations could increase our costs of regulatory compliance
 and could have a negative effect on our brand name and on our ability to win
 new business.

- Our liability for actual or alleged environmental contamination, claims and
 concerns may exceed our reserves which would negatively impact our results of
 operations.

- Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material
 adverse effect on our business. In addition, third parties may claim that we
 infringe their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant
 litigation or licensing expense as a result.

- Personal injury claims against us may exceed our reserves which would
 negatively impact our results of operations.

- Unanticipated changes in our tax rate or exposure to additional tax
 liabilities could negatively affect our profitability.

- Oil and geopolitical risks including global terrorism could adversely affect
 all our businesses.

 These risk factors are discussed in more detail under the captions
"BUSINESS -- Competition; -- Exposure to Currency Fluctuations; -- Cyclicality;
-- Governmental Regulations and Related Matters; -- Environmental Mat-

 11

ters; -- Raw Materials; and -- Intellectual Property" and "LEGAL PROCEEDINGS".