We are subject to various risks and uncertainties relating to or
 arising out of the nature of our businesses, financial
 conditions and results of operations, including those discussed
 below, which may affect the value of our securities. We believe
 the risks discussed below are currently the most significant,
 although additional risks not presently known to us or that we
 currently deem less significant may also materially impact our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Factors that could cause results to differ materially from those
 anticipated by ITT are listed below.

 • 

 General global economic conditions, particularly in the local
 economies of the countries or regions in which we sell our
 products, including declines in consumer spending, which could
 have a negative impact on the results of all of our businesses.

 • 

 We manufacture and sell products used in cyclical businesses
 including the construction, defense, mining and minerals,
 transportation, automotive and aerospace industries. Downturns
 in these industries could adversely affect our businesses.

 • 

 Our business could be adversely affected if we are not able to
 integrate acquisitions or implement footprint rationalization
 initiatives.

 • 

 Competitive pressures in all our businesses include product
 capability, technological innovation, cycle time, price, quality
 and the reliability of services we offer. In our Fluid
 Technology business segment, competition includes public bidding
 on many contracts. Our revenues and profitability could be
 negatively impacted as a result of competition.

 • 

 Weather conditions including drought, natural disasters, and
 excessive rains may negatively affect our Fluid Technology and
 Motion & Flow Control business segments.

 • 

 Industry overcapacity in the pump and valve market could have an
 adverse impact on the results of our Fluid Technology business
 segment.

 • 

 Decrease in demand for replacement parts and services would
 adversely affect our Fluid Technology and Motion &
 Flow Control business segments.

 • 

 Our Fluid Technology business segment depends upon the ability
 of municipal markets to fund projects involving our products and
 services. A significant decline or delay in this funding would
 have an adverse effect on the results of our business.

 • 

 Economic downturns in automotive, aerospace and marine and
 leisure markets could negatively affect our Motion &
 Flow Control businesses segment.

 • 

 Because 94% of our Defense Electronics & Services
 sales are to the U.S. government, changes in the portion of
 the U.S. defense budget devoted to products and services of
 the types of products provided by ITT, and our present ability
 to receive awards of U.S. government contracts, would
 adversely impact our business.

 • 

 Many of our government contracts are subject to profit
 limitations, which limit our upside potential on a per contract
 basis, and all are subject to termination by our customers.
 Termination of key government contracts or a significant number
 of government contracts would have a negative impact on our
 business.

 • 

 Many Defense Electronics & Services contracts are
 subject to security and facility clearances, as well as export
 licenses, which, if withdrawn, restricted or made unavailable,
 would adversely affect our business.

 • 

 Changes in government contracting regulations, and related
 governmental investigations could increase our costs of
 regulatory compliance and could have a negative effect on our
 brand name and on our ability to win new business.

 • 

 Employment and pension matters, including changes in laws
 relating to pension reform, could increase our costs of
 operations.

 • 

 Interest and foreign currency exchange rate trends and
 fluctuations may adversely affect our results. We engage in
 hedging strategies, but it is not possible to hedge against all
 eventualities.

 • 

 The commodities, supplies and raw materials that we use in our
 operations may not be available or may only be available at
 increased prices, which would have a negative effect on our
 results of operations.

 • 

 Our liability for actual or alleged environmental contamination,
 claims and concerns may exceed our reserves, which would
 negatively impact our results of operations.

 • 

 Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a
 material adverse effect on our business. In addition, third
 parties may claim that we infringe on their intellectual
 property, and we could suffer significant litigation or
 licensing expense as a result.

 • 

 Personal injury claims against us may exceed our reserves, which
 would negatively impact our results of operations.

 • 

 Unanticipated changes in our tax rate or exposure to additional
 tax liabilities could negatively affect our profitability.

 • 

 Oil and geopolitical risks including global terrorism could
 adversely affect all our businesses.

 11

Table of Contents

 • 

 As a global business, we are subject to the laws of foreign
 countries and U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt
 Practices Act, any violations of which could create a
 substantial liability for us, and also could cause harm to our
 reputation.

 • 

 As a result of a material weakness identified in income tax
 accounting controls, there is a possibility that a material
 misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial
 statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

 These risk factors are discussed in more detail under the
 captions “BUSINESS — Competition; —
 Exposure to Currency Fluctuations; — Cyclicality;
 — Governmental Regulations and Related
 Matters; — Environmental Matters; — Raw
 Materials; — Intellectual Property” —
 “LEGAL PROCEEDINGS” and “CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES.”