We are subject to
 various risks and uncertainties relating to or arising out of
 the nature of our businesses, financial conditions and results
 of operations, including those discussed below, which may affect
 the value of our common stock. We believe the risks discussed
 below are currently the most significant, although additional
 risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem less
 significant may also materially impact our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. If any of the events or
 circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our
 business, financial condition or results of operations may
 suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could
 decline.

 The effects of
 changes in worldwide economic and capital markets conditions may
 significantly affect our revenue, profitability, results of
 operations and our ability to maintain liquidity or procure
 capital.

 The Company’s
 business may be adversely affected by factors in the United
 States and other countries that are beyond its control, such as
 disruptions in financial markets or downturns in economic
 activity in specific countries or regions, or in the various
 industries in which the Company operates; social, political or
 labor conditions in specific countries or regions; or adverse
 changes in the availability and cost of capital, interest rates,
 tax rates, or regulations in the jurisdictions in which the
 Company operates. If for any reason we lose access to our
 currently available lines of credit, or if we are required to
 raise additional capital, we may be unable to do so in the
 current credit and stock market environment, or we may be able
 to do so only on unfavorable terms.

 Adverse changes to
 financial conditions could jeopardize certain counterparty
 obligations, including those of our insurers, financial
 institutions and parties to the Distribution Agreement. The
 tightening of credit markets may reduce the funds available to
 our customers to buy our products and services for an unknown,
 but perhaps lengthy, period. Restrictive credit markets may also
 result in customers extending times for payment and may result
 in our having higher customer receivables with increased default
 rates. General concerns about the fundamental soundness of
 domestic and foreign economies may also cause customers to
 reduce consumption even in a stable marketplace.

 Many of the
 businesses in which we operate are subject to specific industry
 and general economic cycles. Certain businesses are subject to
 industry cycles, including but not limited to the residential
 and commercial real estate, construction, oil and gas, mining
 and minerals, transportation, automotive and aerospace
 industries. Downturns in these industries could adversely affect
 portions of our businesses.

 We are dependent
 on the U.S. Government for a substantial portion of our
 revenue.

 Approximately 53% of
 our 2009 revenue was derived from products and services
 ultimately sold to the U.S. Government, including the
 Department of Defense (DOD), and are therefore affected by,
 among other things, the annual federal budget, appropriations
 made to defense programs, and spending levels. DOD budget and
 priorities impacting the programs can be affected by external
 threats to our national security, funding for on-going
 operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, future priorities of the
 current presidential administration, and the overall health of
 the U.S. and world economies. Our future results may be
 impacted by our ability to receive awards under new and on-going
 defense programs, as well as other U.S. Government
 programs, our ability to develop and market products and
 services under these programs, as well as the variability of
 timing and size of certain key orders. The U.S. Government
 has the ability to terminate contracts for convenience or for
 default; therefore, our future results could be materially
 impacted by the termination or failure to fund one or more
 significant contracts by the U.S. Government. Since many of
 our government contracts are fixed-price, increased costs which
 cannot be justified as an increase to the contract value exposes
 the risk of reduced profitability and the potential loss of
 future business. In addition, numerous contracts are subject to
 security and facility clearances, as well as export licenses,
 which, if withdrawn, restricted or made unavailable, would
 adversely affect our business. Changes in U.S. Government
 contracting regulations, and related governmental investigations
 could increase our costs of

 11

Table of Contents

 regulatory
 compliance and could have a negative effect on our brand name
 and on our ability to win new business.

 We rely on our
 information systems in our operations.  Security
 breaches could adversely affect our business and results of
 operations.

 The efficient
 operation of our business is dependent on computer hardware and
 software systems. Even the most well protected information
 systems are vulnerable to internal and external security
 breaches including by computer hackers and cyber terrorists. The
 unavailability of the information systems, the failure of these
 systems to perform as anticipated for any reason or any
 significant breach of security could disrupt our business and
 could result in decreased performance and increased overhead
 costs, causing our business and results of operations to suffer.

 Our systems are
 decentralized, which presents various risks, including the risk
 that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to
 problems affecting a key business than we would be in a more
 centralized environment. In addition, it means that
 “company-wide” business initiatives, such as the
 integration of information technology systems, are often more
 challenging and costly to implement, and their risk of failure
 higher, than they would be in a more centralized environment.
 Depending on the nature of the initiative in question, such
 failure could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition or results of operations.

 We are subject to
 laws, regulations and potential liability relating to claims,
 complaints and proceedings, including those related to
 antitrust, environmental, product, and other matters.

 We are subject to
 various laws, ordinances, regulations and other requirements of
 government authorities in foreign countries and in the United
 States, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, any
 violations of which could create a substantial liability for us,
 and also could cause harm to our reputation. Changes in laws,
 ordinances, regulations or other government policies, the
 nature, timing, and effect of which are uncertain, may
 significantly increase our expenses and liabilities.

 From time to time we
 are involved in legal proceedings that are incidental to the
 operation of our businesses. Some of these proceedings allege
 damages relating to environmental liabilities, product
 liability, personal injury claims, employment and pension
 matters, government contract issues and commercial or
 contractual disputes, sometimes related to acquisitions or
 divestitures. Additionally, we may become subject to significant
 claims of which we are currently unaware or the claims of which
 we are aware may result in our incurring a significantly greater
 liability than we anticipate or can estimate.

 Unanticipated
 changes in our tax rate or exposure to additional tax
 liabilities resulting from changes to tax laws among other
 factors could negatively affect our profitability.

 Our future
 success will depend on, among other factors, our key
 employees.

 Our ability to
 operate our business and implement our strategies depends, in
 part, on the efforts of our executive officers and other key
 personnel. Our future success will depend on, among other
 factors, our ability to attract and retain key employees as part
 of our senior leadership succession plans. The loss of the
 services of any of our key employees, domestically or abroad,
 could have a material adverse effect on our business or business
 prospects.

 Portfolio
 management strategies for growth, including cost-saving
 initiatives, may not meet expectations.

 We regularly review
 our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through the
 acquisition of other companies, assets and product lines that
 either complement or expand our existing business. Although we
 conduct what we believe to be a prudent level of investigation
 regarding the operating and financial condition of the
 businesses we purchase, a level of risk remains regarding the
 actual operating condition of these businesses. Until we
 actually assume operating control of these business assets and
 their operations, we may not be able to ascertain the actual
 value or understand the potential liabilities of the acquired
 entities and their operations. Acquisitions involve a number of
 risks and present financial, managerial and operational
 challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our
 reputation and business, including that an acquired business
 could under-perform relative to our expectations, the failure to
 realize expected synergies, integration of technology,
 operations, personnel and financial and other systems, the
 possibility that we have acquired substantial undisclosed
 liabilities, potentially insufficient internal controls over
 financial activities or financial reporting at an acquired
 company that could impact us on a consolidated basis, diversion
 of management attention from other businesses, loss of key
 employees of the acquired businesses, and customer
 dissatisfaction or performance.

 Our portfolio
 reviews also include the potential for cost-saving initiatives
 through restructuring, realignment and other initiatives. We
 strive for and expect to achieve cost savings in connection with
 certain initiatives, including: (i) manufacturing process
 and supply chain rationalization; (ii) streamlining
 redundant administrative overhead and support activities; and
 (iii) restructuring and repositioning organizations. Cost
 savings expectations are inherently estimates that are difficult
 to predict and are necessarily speculative in nature, and we
 cannot provide assurance that we will achieve expected, or any,
 actual cost savings. Our restructuring activities may place
 substantial demands on our management, which could

 12

Table of Contents

 lead to the
 diversion of management’s attention from other business
 priorities and lack of customer focus.

 Our exposure to
 pending and future asbestos claims and related assets,
 liabilities, and cash flows are subject to significant
 uncertainties, which could have adverse effects on our financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 ITT, including its
 subsidiary Goulds Pumps, Inc., has been joined as a defendant in
 numerous lawsuits and claims in which the plaintiffs claim
 damages for personal injury arising from exposure to asbestos in
 connection with certain products sold or distributed that may
 have contained asbestos. We expect to be named as defendants in
 similar actions in the future. The estimated liability is based
 on assumptions with respect to the plaintiffs’ propensity
 to sue, claim acceptance rates, disease type, historic
 settlement and defense costs and other variables based on
 certain recent time periods. Those assumptions and time periods
 ultimately may or may not be proven to be reliable predictors of
 future trends. A significant change in one or more of the
 variables or the assumptions could substantially change the
 estimated liability for pending claims and those expected to be
 filed in the next 10 years. Although it is probable that
 the Company will incur additional costs for asbestos claims
 filed beyond the next 10 years, we do not believe there is
 a reasonable basis for estimating those costs at this time.

 There are also
 significant assumptions made in developing the estimates of the
 related probable insurance recoveries. These assumptions, such
 as policy triggers, the methodology for allocating claims to
 policies, and the continued solvency of the Company’s
 insurers, may or may not be proven to be correct and if
 incorrect could directly affect whether and how the insurers
 will be available to pay the Company’s asbestos costs.
 Finally, there are inherent uncertainties in litigation. We
 cannot give any assurances regarding the outcome of any
 litigation to enforce our rights under our insurance policies.

 Due to these
 uncertainties, as well as our inability to reasonably estimate
 any additional asbestos liability for claims filed beyond the
 next 10 years, it is not possible to predict the ultimate
 outcome of the cost of resolving the pending and all unasserted
 asbestos claims. Additionally, we believe it is possible that
 the cost of asbestos claims filed beyond the next 10 years,
 net of expected insurance recoveries, could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position and on the results of
 operations or cash flows for a particular period.

 Goodwill and
 other intangible assets represent a significant portion of our
 total assets.

 At December 31,
 2009, we had goodwill and other intangible assets of $4,382.9,
 net of accumulated amortization, which accounts for 39% of our
 total assets. We conduct an annual impairment test to determine
 if we will be able to recover all or a portion of the carrying
 value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. In addition,
 we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for
 impairment more frequently if impairment indicators arise. If it
 is determined that the carrying value of our goodwill and
 indefinite-lived intangibles exceeds the estimated fair value,
 we may be required to record a material non-cash charge to
 earnings. The fair values of our goodwill and indefinite-lived
 intangibles are based on discounted cash flow projections that
 are believed to be reasonable under current and forecasted
 circumstances. Any significant change in market conditions and
 estimates or judgments used to determine expected future cash
 flows that indicate a reduction in fair value may give rise to
 impairment in the period that the change becomes known.

 Our business
 could be adversely affected by raw material price volatility and
 the inability of key suppliers to meet quality and delivery
 requirements.

 Our business relies
 on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturing and commodity
 markets to secure raw materials, parts and components used in
 our products. We are exposed to volatility in the prices and
 availability of these materials. In some instances we depend
 upon a single source of supply, manufacturing or assembly or
 participate in commodity markets that may be subject to
 allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. Delays in
 obtaining supplies may result from a number of factors affecting
 our suppliers, including capacity constraints, labor disputes,
 the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier,
 suppliers’ allocations to other purchasers, ability to meet
 regulatory requirements, weather emergencies or acts of war or
 terrorism. Any delay in our suppliers’ abilities to provide
 us with necessary materials, price increases, or decreased
 availability of raw materials or commodities could impair our
 ability to deliver products to our customers and, accordingly,
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
 operations and financial condition.

 Results from our
 international operations could be adversely affected by changes
 in economic conditions, foreign currency fluctuations and
 changes in local government regulations.

 Our international
 operations, including sales of U.S. exports, comprise a
 growing portion of our operations and are a strategic focus for
 continued future growth. Our strategy calls for increasing sales
 to operations in overseas markets, including developing markets
 such as Central and South America, China, India and the Middle
 East. In 2009, approximately 30% of our total sales were to
 customers operating outside of the United States. Risks related
 to international operations include exchange control
 regulations, wage and price controls, employment regulations,
 foreign

 13

Table of Contents

 investment laws,
 import, export and other trade restrictions, changes in
 regulations regarding transactions with state-owned enterprises,
 nationalization of private enterprises, government instability,
 our ability to hire and maintain qualified staff in these
 regions and maintaining the safety of our employees. The cost of
 compliance with increasingly complex and often conflicting
 regulations worldwide can also impair our flexibility in
 modifying product, marketing, pricing, or other strategies for
 growing our businesses, as well as our ability to improve
 productivity and maintain acceptable operating margins.

 As we continue to
 grow our business internationally, our operating results could
 be affected by the relative strength of the European, Asian and
 developing economies and the impact of currency exchange rate
 fluctuations.

 The level of
 returns on employee benefit plan assets, changes in interest
 rates and other factors could affect our earnings and cash flows
 in future periods.

 A substantial
 portion of our current and retired employee population is
 covered by pension and other employee-related defined benefit
 plans (collectively, postretirement benefit plans). We may
 experience significant fluctuations in costs related to
 postretirement benefit plans as a result of macro-economic
 factors, such as health care costs, that are beyond our control.
 The cost of our postretirement plans are incurred over long
 periods of time and involves various factors and uncertainties
 during those periods, which can be volatile and unpredictable,
 including the rates of return on postretirement benefit plan
 assets, discount rates used to calculate liabilities and
 expenses, rates of future compensation increases, and trends for
 future medical costs. Management develops each assumption using
 relevant Company experience in conjunction with market-related
 data. Our financial position and results of operations could be
 materially affected by significant changes in key economic
 indicators, investment returns on plan assets, financial market
 volatility, future legislation and other governmental regulatory
 actions.

 U.S. Government
 Cost Accounting Standards govern the extent to which
 postretirement costs and plan contributions are allocable to and
 recoverable under contracts with the U.S. Government. As a
 result, we have sought and would seek reimbursement from the DOD
 for a portion of our postretirement costs and plan contributions.

 We make
 contributions to fund our postretirement benefit plans when
 considered necessary or advantageous to do so. The
 macro-economic factors discussed above, including the return on
 postretirement benefit plan assets may influence future funding
 requirements. A significant decline in the fair value of our
 plan assets, or other adverse changes to our overall pension and
 other employee-related benefit plans could require us to make
 significant funding contributions and affect cash flows in
 future periods.

 We face
 heightened legal challenges with respect to intellectual
 property.

 We have developed
 and actively pursue developing proprietary technology in the
 industries in which we operate, and rely on intellectual
 property laws and a number of patents to protect such
 technology. In doing so, we incur ongoing costs to enforce and
 defend our intellectual property. Our inability to protect our
 intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on
 our business. In addition, third parties may claim that we
 infringe on their intellectual property, and we could suffer
 significant litigation or licensing expense as a result.

 These risk factors
 are discussed in more detail under the captions
 “BUSINESS – Competition;
 — Cyclicality; – Governmental Regulations
 and Related Matters; – Environmental
 Matters; – Raw Materials; – Intellectual
 Property” – “LEGAL PROCEEDINGS” and
 “CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.”