The Company is subject to various risks and uncertainties
 relating to or arising out of the nature of our businesses,
 financial conditions and results of operations, including those
 discussed below, which may affect the value of our securities.
 We believe the risks discussed below are currently the most
 significant, although additional risks not presently known to us
 or that we currently deem less significant may also impact our
 business, financial condition and results of operations, perhaps
 materially.

 Factors that could cause results to differ materially from those
 anticipated by the Company include:

 • 

 General global economic conditions, particularly in the local
 economies of the countries or regions in which we sell our
 products, including declines in consumer spending which could
 have a negative impact on the results of all of our businesses.

 • 

 We manufacture and sell products used in cyclical businesses
 including the construction, defense, mining and minerals,
 transportation, automotive and aerospace industries, as well as
 other industries served by our Connectors business. Downturns in
 these industries could adversely affect our businesses.

 • 

 Competition pressures in all our businesses include product
 capability, technological innovation, cycle time, price, quality
 and the reliability of services we offer. In our Fluid
 Technology business, competition includes public bidding on many
 contracts. Our revenues and profitability could be negatively
 impacted as a result of competition.

 • 

 Weather conditions including drought, natural disasters, and
 excessive rains may negatively affect our Fluid Technology and
 Motion & Flow Control businesses.

 • 

 Industry overcapacity in the Fluid Technology market could have
 an adverse impact on the results of our Fluid Technology
 business.

 • 

 Decrease in demand for replacement parts and services would
 adversely affect our Fluid Technology and Motion to Flow Control
 businesses.

 • 

 Our Fluid Technology business depends upon the ability of
 municipal markets to fund projects involving our products and
 services and a significant decline in funding available to these
 markets would have an adverse effect on the results of the Fluid
 Technology business.

 • 

 Economic downturns in automotive, aerospace and marine and
 leisure markets could negatively affect our Motion &
 Flow Control businesses.

 • 

 Because 89% of our Defense Electronics & Services sales
 are to the U.S. government, changes in the portion of the
 U.S. Defense budget devoted to products and services of the
 types of products provided by the Company, and the
 Company’s present ability to receive awards of
 U.S. government contracts, would adversely impact our
 business.

 • 

 Many of our government contracts are subject to profit
 limitations, which limit our upside potential on a per contract
 basis, and all are subject to termination by our customers.
 Termination of key government contracts or a significant number
 of government contracts would have a negative impact on our
 businesses.

 • 

 Many Defense Electronics & Services contracts are
 subject to security and facility clearances, as well as export
 licenses, which, if withdrawn, restricted or made unavailable,
 would adversely affect our business.

 • 

 Compliance with government contracting regulations and related
 governmental investigations could increase our costs of
 regulatory compliance and could have a negative effect on our
 brand name and on our ability to win new business.

 • 

 Our business could be adversely affected if we are not able to
 integrate acquisitions that we make or negotiate favorable terms
 for our divestitures.

 • 

 Employment and pension matters, including changes in laws
 relating to pension reform, could increase our costs of
 operations.

 • 

 Interest and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may
 adversely affect our results. We engage in hedging strategies
 but it is not possible to hedge against all eventualities.

 • 

 The commodities, supplies and raw materials that we use in our
 operations may not be available or may only be available at
 increased prices which would have a negative effect on our
 results of operations.

 • 

 Our liability for actual or alleged environmental contamination,
 claims and concerns may exceed our reserves, which would
 negatively impact our results of operations.

 • 

 Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a
 material adverse effect on our business. In addition, third
 parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property,
 and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expense
 as a result.

 • 

 Personal injury claims against us may exceed our reserves which
 would negatively impact our results of operations.

 • 

 Unanticipated changes in our tax rate or exposure to additional
 tax liabilities could negatively affect our profitability.

 10

Table of Contents

 • 

 Oil and geopolitical risks including global terrorism could
 adversely affect all our businesses.

 • 

 As a global business, we are subject to the laws of foreign
 countries and U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices
 Act, any violations of which could create a substantial
 liability for us and also could cause harm to our reputation.

 These risk factors are discussed in more detail under the
 captions “BUSINESS — Competition; —
 Exposure to Currency Fluctuations; —
 Cyclicality; — Governmental Regulations and
 Related Matters; — Environmental Matters; —
 Raw Materials; and — Intellectual Property” and
 “LEGAL PROCEEDINGS”.