We are subject to
 various risks and uncertainties relating to or arising out of
 the nature of our businesses, financial conditions and results
 of operations, including those discussed below, which may affect
 the value of our securities. We believe the risks discussed
 below are currently the most significant, although additional
 risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem less
 significant may also materially impact our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. If any of the events or
 circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our
 business, financial condition or results of operations may
 suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.

 Adverse
 macroeconomic and business conditions, particularly in the local
 economies of the countries or regions in which we sell our
 products, may significantly and negatively affect our revenues,
 profitability and results of operations.

 Economic conditions
 in the United States and in foreign markets in which we operate
 could substantially affect our sales and profitability. Economic
 activity in the United States and throughout much of the world
 has undergone a sudden, sharp economic downturn following the
 recent housing downturn and subprime lending collapse. Global
 credit and capital markets have experienced unprecedented
 volatility and disruption. Business credit and liquidity have
 tightened in much of the world. Consumer confidence and spending
 are down significantly.

 Changes in
 governmental banking, monetary and fiscal policies to restore
 liquidity and increase credit availability may not be effective
 or such effects may be delayed. It is difficult to determine the
 breadth and duration of the economic and financial market
 problems and the many ways in which they may affect our
 suppliers, customers and our business in general. Nonetheless,
 continuation or further worsening of these difficult financial
 and macroeconomic conditions could have a significant adverse
 effect on our sales, profitability and results of operations.

 Recent distress
 in the financial markets has had an adverse impact on the
 availability of credit and liquidity resources.

 Continued market
 deterioration could jeopardize certain counterparty obligations,
 including those of our insurers and

 9

Table of Contents

 financial
 institutions. If for any reason we lose access to our currently
 available lines of credit, or if we are required to raise
 additional capital, we may be unable to do so in the current
 credit and stock market environment, or we may be able to do so
 only on unfavorable terms.

 The tightening of
 credit markets may reduce the funds available to our customers
 to buy our products and services for an unknown, but perhaps
 lengthy, period. Restrictive credit markets may also result in
 customers extending times for payment and may result in our
 having higher customer receivables with increased default rates.
 General concerns about the fundamental soundness of domestic and
 foreign economies may also cause customers to reduce their
 purchases from us even if they have cash or if credit is
 available to them.

 Our business
 could be adversely affected if we are not able to integrate
 acquisitions; our acquisitions could cause financial
 difficulties.

 As part of our
 growth strategy, we plan to pursue the acquisition of other
 companies, assets and product lines that either complement or
 expand our existing business. Because of restricted credit
 markets, our ability to acquire new businesses may be impeded.
 Further, although we conduct what we believe to be a prudent
 level of investigation regarding the operating and financial
 condition of the businesses we purchase, an unavoidable level of
 risk remains regarding the actual operating condition of these
 businesses. Until we actually assume operating control of these
 business assets and their operations, we may not be able to
 ascertain the actual value or understand the potential
 liabilities of the acquired entities and their operations.

 Acquisitions involve
 a number of risks and present financial, managerial and
 operational challenges, including:

 n 

 diversion of
 management attention from other businesses;

 n 

 integration of
 technology, operations, personnel and financial and other
 systems;

 n 

 potentially
 insufficient internal controls over financial activities or
 financial reporting at an acquired company that could impact us
 on a consolidated basis;

 n 

 the failure to
 realize expected synergies;

 n 

 the possibility that
 we have acquired substantial undisclosed liabilities; and

 n 

 the loss of key
 employees of the acquired businesses.

 Our integration
 activities may place substantial demands on our management,
 operational resources and financial internal control systems.
 Customer dissatisfaction or performance problems with an
 acquired business could also have a material adverse effect on
 our reputation and business. In addition, any acquired business
 could under-perform relative to our expectations.

 If the fair value
 of any of our reporting units is insufficient to recover the
 carrying value of the goodwill and other intangibles of the
 respective reporting unit, a material non-cash charge to
 earnings could result.

 We account for
 goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles in accordance with
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”)
 No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets”
 (“SFAS 142)”. SFAS 142 states that
 goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not
 amortized, but are instead reviewed for impairment annually (or
 more frequently if impairment indicators arise).

 We conduct annual
 impairment testing to determine if we will be able to recover
 all or a portion of the carrying value of goodwill and
 indefinite-lived intangibles. In addition, we review goodwill
 and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment more
 frequently if impairment indicators arise. If the fair value is
 insufficient to recover the carrying value of our goodwill and
 indefinite-lived intangibles, we may be required to record a
 material non-cash charge to earnings.

 Consistent with the
 requirements of SFAS 142, the fair values of our reporting
 units generally are based on discounted cash flow projections
 that are believed to be reasonable under current and forecasted
 circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
 judgments about carrying values of the reported net assets of
 our reporting units. Any significant change in market conditions
 and estimates or judgments used to determine expected future
 cash flows that indicate a reduction in carrying value may give
 rise to impairment in the period that the change becomes known.

 Our Fluid
 Technology and Motion & Flow Control business segments
 are subject to certain industry risks, which could have adverse
 effects on the results of our operations.

 Many of the
 businesses in which we operate are subject to specific industry
 and general economic cycles. Certain businesses are subject to
 industry cycles, including but not limited to the residential
 and commercial real estate, construction, oil and gas, mining
 and minerals, transportation, automotive and aerospace
 industries. Downturns in these industries could adversely affect
 portions of our businesses.

 10

Table of Contents

 Our Fluid Technology
 business segment depends upon the ability of municipal markets
 to fund projects involving our products and services. A
 significant decline or delay in this funding would have an
 adverse effect on the results of our business.

 Industry
 overcapacity in the pump and valve market could have an adverse
 impact on the results of our Fluid Technology business segment.

 Weather conditions
 including drought, natural disasters, and excessive rains may
 negatively affect our Fluid Technology and Motion &
 Flow Control business segments.

 Decrease in demand
 for replacement parts and services would adversely affect our
 Fluid Technology and Motion & Flow Control business
 segments.

 Our Defense
 Electronics & Services business segment is subject to
 certain risks, including defense budgets and government contract
 requirements and regulations, which could have adverse effects
 on the results of our operations.

 Because 94% of our
 Defense Electronics & Services sales and revenues are
 to the U.S. Government, changes in the portion of the
 U.S. Defense budget devoted to products and services of the
 types of products provided by ITT, and our present ability to
 receive awards of U.S. Government contracts, could
 adversely impact our business. This includes U.S. Defense
 programs impacted as a result of program evaluations to be
 conducted in 2009 under the new U.S. Administration.

 Our Defense
 Electronics & Services business segment records
 billions of dollars of orders on an annual basis, and we have
 anticipated that our overall performance will benefit from sales
 and revenues to certain international markets. Variability of
 timing and size of certain key orders could negatively impact
 the performance of these businesses.

 Many of our
 government contracts are subject to profit limitations, which
 limit our upside potential on a per contract basis, and all are
 subject to termination by our customers. Termination of key
 government contracts or a significant number of government
 contracts would have a negative impact on our business.

 Many Defense
 Electronics & Services contracts are subject to
 security and facility clearances, as well as export licenses,
 which, if withdrawn, restricted or made unavailable, would
 adversely affect our business.

 Changes in
 government contracting regulations, and related governmental
 investigations could increase our costs of regulatory compliance
 and could have a negative effect on our brand name and on our
 ability to win new business.

 Our revenues and
 profitability could be negatively impacted as a result of
 competition.

 We operate in highly
 competitive industries. Our failure to compete effectively could
 harm our business. Competitive pressures in all our businesses
 include product capability, technological innovation, cycle
 time, price, quality and the reliability of services we offer.
 In our Defense Electronics & Services and Fluid
 Technology business segments, competition includes public
 bidding on many contracts.

 Our manufacturing
 operations are dependent upon third-party suppliers.

 We obtain materials
 from third-party suppliers. Delays in obtaining supplies may
 result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers,
 including capacity constraints, labor disputes, the impaired
 financial condition of a particular supplier, suppliers’
 allocations to other purchasers, ability to meet regulatory
 requirements, weather emergencies or acts of war or terrorism.
 Any delay in our suppliers’ abilities to provide us with
 necessary materials could impair our ability to deliver products
 to our customers and, accordingly, could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, results of operations and financial
 condition.

 Our business
 could be adversely affected if we are not able to execute our
 restructuring actions or other cost-saving
 initiatives.

 Our restructuring
 activities may place substantial demands on our management,
 which could lead to the diversion of management’s attention
 from other business priorities and lack of customer focus. In
 addition, we strive for and expect to achieve cost savings in
 connection with certain initiatives, including:
 (i) manufacturing process and supply chain rationalization;
 (ii) streamlining redundant administrative overhead and
 support activities; and (iii) restructuring and
 repositioning organizations. Cost savings expectations are
 inherently estimates that are difficult to predict and are
 necessarily speculative in nature, and we cannot assure you that
 we will achieve expected, or any, cost savings.

 Interest and
 foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations
 may adversely affect our results.

 We are exposed to
 the risks associated with changes in interest rates, currency
 exchange rates, and commodity prices. From time to time, we
 engage in hedging strategies to limit the risks from such
 fluctuations, but it is not possible to hedge against all
 eventualities.

 We are subject to
 laws, regulations and potential liability relating to claims,
 complaints and proceedings, 

 11

Table of Contents

 including those
 related to antitrust, environmental, product, and other
 matters.

 We are subject to
 various laws, ordinances, regulations and other requirements of
 government authorities in foreign countries and in the United
 States, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, any
 violations of which could create a substantial liability for us,
 and also could cause harm to our reputation. Changes in laws,
 ordinances, regulations or other governmental policies may
 significantly increase our expenses and liabilities.

 From time to time we
 are involved in legal proceedings that are incidental to the
 operation of our businesses. Some of these proceedings allege
 damages relating to environmental liabilities, product
 liability, personal injury claims, employment and pension
 matters, government contract issues and commercial or
 contractual disputes, sometimes related to acquisitions or
 divestitures. Additionally, we may become subject to significant
 claims of which we are currently unaware or the claims of which
 we are aware may result in our incurring a significantly greater
 liability than we anticipate or can estimate.

 Unanticipated
 changes in our tax rate or exposure to additional tax
 liabilities resulting from changes to tax laws among other
 factors could negatively affect our profitability.

 Changes in fair
 value of our benefit plan assets and other factors may have a
 material adverse effect on the valuation of pension plan
 obligations, the funded status of pension plans and our pension
 cost.

 A substantial
 portion of our current and retired employee population is
 covered by pension and other employee-related benefit plans. The
 cost of our these plans is incurred over long periods of time
 and involve various factors and uncertainties during those
 periods of time, including the value of plan assets, the
 expected rates of return on plan assets, discount rates for
 future payment obligations and trends for future costs. In
 addition, funding requirements for employee benefit plans are
 subject to legislative and other government regulatory actions.
 Financial market volatility during the fourth quarter of 2008
 resulted in substantial a decline in the fair market value of
 our employee pension plan assets. This decline translated into a
 significant reduction in our shareholders’ equity and a
 comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2008.
 Continued deterioration in this asset pool or other adverse
 changes to our overall pension and other employee-related
 benefit plans, including material declines in the fair value of
 our pension plan assets, could adversely affect our financial
 position and results of operations and could require us to make
 significant funding contributions.

 We face
 heightened legal challenges with respect to intellectual
 property.

 We have developed
 and actively pursue developing proprietary technology in the
 industries in which we operate, and rely on intellectual
 property laws and a number of patents to protect such
 technology. In doing so, we incur ongoing costs to enforce and
 defend our intellectual property. Our inability to protect our
 intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on
 our business. In addition, third parties may claim that we
 infringe on their intellectual property, and we could suffer
 significant litigation or licensing expense as a result.

 Our future
 success will depend on, among other factors, our key
 employees.

 Our ability to
 operate our business and implement our strategies depends, in
 part, on the efforts of our executive officers and other key
 personnel. Our future success will depend on, among other
 factors, our ability to develop key employee succession plans.
 The loss of the services of any of our key employees,
 domestically or abroad, could have a material adverse effect on
 our business or business prospects.

 We are a
 decentralized company, which presents certain risks.

 We are a
 decentralized company, which presents certain risks. While we
 believe this practice has catalyzed our growth and enabled us to
 remain responsive to opportunities and to our customers’
 needs, it necessarily places significant control and
 decision-making powers in the hands of local management. This
 presents various risks, including the risk that we may be slower
 or less able to identify or react to problems affecting a key
 business than we would in a more centralized environment. In
 addition, it means that “company-wide” business
 initiatives, such as the integration of information technology
 systems, are often more challenging and costly to implement, and
 their risk of failure higher, than they would be in a more
 centralized environment. Depending on the nature of the
 initiative in question, such failure could materially adversely
 affect our business, financial condition or results of
 operations.

 These risk factors
 are discussed in more detail under the captions
 “BUSINESS – Competition; – Exposure to
 Currency Fluctuations; – Cyclicality;
 – Governmental Regulations and Related
 Matters; – Environmental Matters; – Raw
 Materials; – Intellectual Property” –
 “LEGAL PROCEEDINGS” and “CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES.”