We are subject to
 various risks and uncertainties relating to or arising out of
 the nature of our businesses, financial conditions and results
 of operations, including those discussed below, which may affect
 the value of our common stock. We believe the risks discussed
 below are currently the most significant. If any of the events
 or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur,
 our business, financial condition or results of operations may
 suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.

 Spinoff
 Transactions

 The proposed
 spinoffs of our water and defense businesses are contingent upon
 the satisfaction of a number of conditions, may require
 significant time and attention of our management, may not
 achieve the intended results, and may present difficulties that
 could have an adverse effect on us.

 We expect to file a
 Registration Statement on Form 10 with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (SEC) with respect to the distribution to
 our stockholders of all of the shares of common stock of two of
 our subsidiaries that would hold, directly or indirectly, the
 assets and liabilities for our water-related and defense-related
 businesses, respectively. Completion of the spinoff transactions
 will be contingent upon the approval of our Board of Directors,
 a favorable ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the
 effectiveness of each of the Registration Statements on
 Form 10 and other conditions. For these and other reasons,
 the spinoff transactions may not be completed or may not be
 completed prior to the end of the year. Additionally, execution
 of the proposed spinoff transactions may require significant
 time and attention from management, which could distract
 management from the operation of our business and the execution
 of our other strategic initiatives. Our employees may also be
 distracted due to uncertainty about their future roles with each
 of the separate companies pending the completion of the spinoff
 transactions. Further, if the spinoff transactions are
 completed, each of these transactions may not achieve the
 intended results. Any such difficulties could have an adverse
 effect on our business, results of operations or financial
 condition.

 The spinoff
 transactions could result in substantial tax
 liability.

 We will request a
 private letter ruling from the IRS substantially to the effect
 that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each of the
 spinoff transactions and certain related transactions will
 qualify under Sections 355
 and/or 368
 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code). Our receipt of the
 private letter ruling will be a condition to the completion of
 the spinoffs. If the factual assumptions or representations made
 in the private letter ruling request are inaccurate or
 incomplete in any material respect, then we will not be able to
 rely on the ruling. Furthermore, the IRS will not rule on
 whether a distribution such as the spinoff satisfies certain
 requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under
 Section 355 of the Code. Rather, the private letter ruling
 will be based on representations by us that those requirements
 have been satisfied, and any inaccuracy in those representations
 could invalidate the ruling. The spinoffs will also be
 conditioned on our receipt of an opinion of outside counsel, in
 form and substance satisfactory to us, substantially to the
 effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
 spinoffs and certain related transactions will qualify under
 Sections 355

and/or 368
 of the Code. The opinion will rely on, among other things, the
 continuing validity of the private letter ruling and various
 assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by
 each of the spinoff companies and us which, if inaccurate or
 incomplete in any material respect, would jeopardize the
 conclusions reached by such counsel in its opinion. The opinion
 will not be binding on the IRS or the courts, and there can be
 no assurance that the IRS or the courts will not challenge

 13

Table of Contents

 the conclusions
 stated in the opinion or that any such challenge would not
 prevail.

 If, notwithstanding
 receipt of the private letter ruling and opinion, the spinoff
 transactions were determined to be a taxable transaction, each
 U.S. holder of our common stock who receives shares of the
 spinoff companies in the spinoff transactions would generally be
 treated as receiving a taxable distribution of property in an
 amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of the
 spinoff company received. That distribution would be taxable to
 each such stockholder as a dividend to the extent of our current
 and accumulated earnings and profits. For each such stockholder,
 any amount that exceeded our earnings and profits would be
 treated first as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent
 of such stockholder’s tax basis in our shares of common
 stock with any remaining amount being taxed as a capital gain.
 In addition, if certain related transactions were to fail to
 qualify for tax-free treatment, the spinoff companies would be
 treated as if they had each sold part of their respective assets
 (which will be retained by us) in a taxable sale for fair market
 value and we would be treated as receiving such assets from the
 spinoff companies as a taxable dividend.

 Under the terms of
 the tax sharing agreement we will determine which company will
 be responsible for any taxes imposed by the spinoff transactions.

 If the spinoff
 transactions are completed, our operational and financial
 profile will change and we will be a smaller, less diversified
 company than ITT’s current operations.

 If consummated, the
 proposed spinoff transactions will result in ITT being a
 smaller, less diversified company than we currently are with a
 narrower business focus than we currently have. We will have a
 more limited business with greater concentration in the
 industrial products market and may be more vulnerable to
 changing market conditions, which could materially and adversely
 affect our business, financial condition and results of
 operations. In addition, the diversification of revenues, costs,
 and cash flows will diminish. As such, it is possible that our
 results of operations, cash flows, working capital and financing
 requirements may be subject to increased volatility. Our
 operations may also be impacted by a limited ability to attract
 new employees in a timely manner.

 If the proposed
 spinoff transactions are consummated, there may be substantial
 changes in our stockholder base, which may cause the price of
 our common stock to fluctuate following the proposed
 spinoffs.

 Investors holding
 our common stock may hold our common stock because of a decision
 to invest in a company that operates in multiple markets with a
 diversified commercial and defense portfolio. If the proposed
 spinoff transactions are consummated, shares of our common stock
 will represent an investment in a smaller company with its
 business concentrated in the engineered industrial products
 industry. These changes may not match some holders’
 investment strategies or meet minimum criteria for inclusion in
 stock market indices, which could cause investors to sell their
 shares of our common stock. Excessive selling pressure could
 cause the market price of our common stock to decrease following
 the consummation of the proposed spinoff.

 Business and
 Operating Risks

 We are dependent
 on the U.S. Government for a substantial portion of our
 revenue.

 Approximately 46% of
 our 2010 revenue was derived from products and services
 ultimately sold to the U.S. Government, including the
 Department of Defense (DoD), and our results are therefore
 affected by, among other things, the annual federal budget,
 appropriations made to defense programs, spending levels and the
 timing of appropriations for defense programs. DoD budget and
 priorities impacting the programs can be affected by external
 threats to our national security, funding for on-going
 operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, future priorities of the
 current presidential administration, and the overall health of
 the U.S. and world economies. Our future results may be
 impacted by our ability to receive awards under new and on-going
 defense programs, as well as other U.S. Government
 programs, our ability to develop and market products and
 services under these programs, as well as the variability of
 timing and size of certain key orders. The U.S. Government
 has the ability to terminate contracts for convenience or for
 default; therefore, our future results could be materially
 impacted by the termination or failure to fund one or more
 significant contracts by the U.S. Government. Since many of
 our government contracts are fixed-price, increased costs which
 cannot be justified as an increase to the contract value exposes
 the risk of reduced profitability and the potential loss of
 future business. In addition, numerous contracts are subject to
 security and facility clearances, as well as export licenses,
 which, if withdrawn, restricted or made unavailable, would
 adversely affect our business. Changes in U.S. Government
 contracting regulations, and related governmental investigations
 could increase our costs of regulatory compliance and could have
 a negative effect on our brand name and on our ability to win
 new business.

 Our exposure to
 pending and future asbestos claims and related assets,
 liabilities, and cash flows are subject to significant
 uncertainties, which could have 

 14

Table of Contents

 adverse effects
 on our financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 ITT, including its
 subsidiary Goulds Pumps, Inc., has been joined as a defendant in
 numerous lawsuits and claims in which the plaintiffs claim
 damages for personal injury arising from exposure to asbestos in
 connection with certain products sold or distributed that may
 have contained asbestos. We expect to be named as defendants in
 similar actions in the future. We record an estimated liability
 related to pending claims and claims estimated to be received
 over the next ten years based on a number of key assumptions,
 including the plaintiffs’ propensity to sue, claim
 acceptance rates, disease type, settlement values and defense
 costs. These assumptions are derived from ITT’s recent
 experience and reflect the Company’s expectations about
 future claim activities. These assumptions about the future may
 or may not prove accurate, and accordingly, the Company may
 incur additional liabilities in the future. A change in one or
 more of the inputs used to estimate the asbestos liability could
 materially change the estimated liability and associated cash
 flows for pending claims and those estimated to be filed in the
 next 10 years. Although it is probable that the Company
 will incur additional costs for asbestos claims filed beyond the
 next 10 years, we do not believe there is a reasonable
 basis for estimating those costs at this time.

 We record an asset
 that represents our best estimate of probable recoveries from
 insurers or other responsible parties for the estimated asbestos
 liabilities. There are significant assumptions made in
 developing estimates of asbestos-related recoveries, such as
 policy triggers, policy or contract interpretation, the
 methodology for allocating claims to policies, and the continued
 solvency of the Company’s insurers or other responsible
 parties. The assumptions underlying the recorded asset may not
 prove accurate, and as such, actual performance by our insurers
 and other responsible parties could result in lower receivables
 or cash flows expected to reduce the Company’s asbestos
 costs.

 Due to these
 uncertainties, as well as our inability to reasonably estimate
 any additional asbestos liability for claims that may be filed
 beyond the next 10 years, it is not possible to predict the
 ultimate outcome of the cost, nor potential recoveries, of
 resolving the pending and all unasserted asbestos claims.
 Additionally, we believe it is possible that the cost of
 asbestos claims filed beyond the next 10 years, net of
 expected recoveries, could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

 The level of
 returns on postretirement benefit plan assets, changes in
 interest rates and other factors could affect our earnings and
 cash flows in future periods.

 A substantial
 portion of our current and retired employee population is
 covered by pension and other employee-related defined benefit
 plans (collectively, postretirement benefit plans). We may
 experience significant fluctuations in costs related to
 postretirement benefit plans as a result of macro-economic
 factors, such as interest rates, that are beyond our control.
 The cost of our postretirement plans is incurred over long
 periods of time and involves various factors and uncertainties
 during those periods, which can be volatile and unpredictable,
 including the rates of return on postretirement benefit plan
 assets, discount rates used to calculate liabilities and
 expenses, rates of future compensation increases, and trends for
 future medical costs. Management develops each assumption using
 relevant Company experience in conjunction with market-related
 data. Our financial position and results of operations could be
 materially affected by significant changes in key economic
 indicators, financial market volatility, future legislation and
 other governmental regulatory actions.

 We make
 contributions to fund our postretirement benefit plans when
 considered necessary or advantageous to do so. The
 macro-economic factors discussed above, including the return on
 postretirement benefit plan assets and the minimum funding
 requirements established by local government funding or tax
 authorities, or established by other agreement, may influence
 future funding requirements. A significant decline in the fair
 value of our plan assets, or other adverse changes to our
 overall pension and other employee-related benefit plans could
 require us to make significant funding contributions and affect
 cash flows in future periods.

 U.S. Government
 Cost Accounting Standards govern the extent to which
 postretirement costs and plan contributions are allocable to and
 recoverable under contracts with the U.S. Government. As a
 result, we have sought and expect to continue to seek
 reimbursement from the DoD for a portion of our postretirement
 costs and plan contributions.

 We rely on our
 information systems in our operations. Security breaches could
 adversely affect our business and results of
 operations.

 The efficient
 operation of our business is dependent on computer hardware and
 software systems. Even the most well-protected information
 systems are vulnerable to internal and external security
 breaches including by those computer hackers and cyber
 terrorists. The unavailability of the information systems, the
 failure of these systems to perform as anticipated for any
 reason or any significant breach of security could disrupt our
 business and could result in decreased performance and

 15

Table of Contents

 increased overhead
 costs, causing an adverse effect on our business, results of
 operations or financial condition.

 Our systems are
 decentralized, which presents various risks, including the risk
 that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to
 problems affecting a key business than we would be in a more
 centralized environment. In addition, “company-wide”
 business initiatives, such as the integration of information
 technology systems, or the formation of a technology system
 impacting different parts of our business, are often more
 challenging and costly to implement, and their risk of failure
 higher, than they would be in a more centralized environment.
 Depending on the nature of the initiative in question, such
 failure could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition or results of operations.

 Our business
 could be adversely affected by raw material price volatility and
 the inability of key suppliers to meet quality and delivery
 requirements.

 Our business relies
 on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturing and commodity
 markets to secure raw materials, parts and components used in
 our products. We are exposed to volatility in the prices and
 availability of these materials. In some instances, we depend
 upon a single source of supply, manufacturing or assembly or
 participate in commodity markets that may be subject to
 allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. Delays in
 obtaining supplies may result from a number of factors affecting
 our suppliers, including capacity constraints, labor disputes,
 the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier,
 suppliers’ allocations to other purchasers, ability to meet
 regulatory requirements, weather emergencies or acts of war or
 terrorism. Any delay in our suppliers’ abilities to provide
 us with necessary materials, price increases, or decreased
 availability of raw materials or commodities could impair our
 ability to deliver products to our customers and, accordingly,
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
 operations and financial condition.

 Other Risks,
 including Litigation and Regulatory Risk

 The effects of
 changes in worldwide economic and capital markets conditions may
 significantly affect our revenue, profitability, results of
 operations and our ability to maintain liquidity or procure
 capital.

 The Company’s
 business may be adversely affected by factors in the United
 States and other countries that are beyond its control, such as
 disruptions in financial markets or downturns in economic
 activity in specific countries or regions, or in the various
 industries in which the Company operates; social, political or
 labor conditions in specific countries or regions; or adverse
 changes in the availability and cost of capital, interest rates,
 tax rates, or regulations in the jurisdictions in which the
 Company operates. If, for any reason, we lose access to our
 currently available lines of credit, or if we are required to
 raise additional capital, we may be unable to do so in the
 current credit and stock market environment, or we may be able
 to do so only on unfavorable terms.

 Adverse changes to
 financial conditions could jeopardize certain counterparty
 obligations, including those of our insurers and financial
 institutions and other third parties. The tightening of credit
 markets may reduce the funds available to our customers to buy
 our products and services for an unknown, but perhaps lengthy,
 period. Restrictive credit markets may also result in customers
 extending times for payment and may result in our having higher
 customer receivables with increased default rates. General
 concerns about the fundamental soundness of domestic and foreign
 economies may also cause customers to reduce consumption even in
 a stable marketplace.

 Many of the
 businesses in which we operate are subject to specific industry
 and general economic cycles. Certain businesses are subject to
 industry cycles, including but not limited to the residential
 and commercial real estate, construction, oil and gas, mining
 and minerals, transportation, automotive and aerospace
 industries. Downturns in these industries could adversely affect
 portions of our businesses.

 We are subject to
 laws, regulations and potential liability relating to claims,
 complaints and proceedings, including those related to
 antitrust, environmental, product, and other matters.

 We are subject to
 various laws, ordinances, regulations and other requirements of
 government authorities in foreign countries and in the United
 States, any violations of which could create a substantial
 liability for us, and also could cause harm to our reputation.
 Changes in laws, ordinances, regulations or other government
 policies, the nature, timing, and effect of which are uncertain,
 may significantly increase our expenses and liabilities.

 From time to time we
 are involved in legal proceedings that are incidental to the
 operation of our businesses. Some of these proceedings allege
 damages relating to environmental liabilities, product
 liability, personal injury claims, employment and pension
 matters, government contract issues and commercial or
 contractual disputes, sometimes related to acquisitions or
 divestitures. Additionally, we may become subject to significant
 claims of which we are currently unaware or the claims of which
 we are aware may result in our incurring a significantly greater
 liability than we anticipate or can estimate.

 16

Table of Contents

 Unanticipated
 changes in our tax rate or exposure to additional tax
 liabilities resulting from changes to tax laws among other
 factors could negatively affect our profitability.

 Results from our
 international operations could be adversely affected by changes
 in economic conditions, foreign currency fluctuations and
 changes in local government regulations.

 Our international
 operations, including sales of U.S. exports, comprise a
 growing portion of our operations and are a strategic focus for
 continued future growth. Our strategy calls for increasing sales
 to operations in overseas markets, including developing markets
 such as Central and South America, China, India and the Middle
 East. In 2010, approximately 34% of our total sales were to
 customers operating outside of the United States. Risks related
 to international operations include exchange control
 regulations, wage and price controls, employment regulations,
 foreign investment laws, import, export and other trade
 restrictions, changes in regulations regarding transactions with
 state-owned enterprises, nationalization of private enterprises,
 government instability, our ability to hire and maintain
 qualified staff in these regions and maintaining the safety of
 our employees. The cost of compliance with increasingly complex
 and often conflicting regulations worldwide can also impair our
 flexibility in modifying product, marketing, pricing, or other
 strategies for growing our businesses, as well as our ability to
 improve productivity and maintain acceptable operating margins.

 As we continue to
 grow our business internationally, our operating results could
 be affected by the relative strength of the European, Asian and
 developing economies and the impact of currency exchange rate
 fluctuations.

 Implementation of
 the various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act may increase our
 operating costs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition or results of
 operations.

 On July 21,
 2010, President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
 and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act). This legislation
 affects comprehensive changes to the regulation of financial
 services in the United States and will subject us to additional
 federal regulation. The Dodd-Frank Act will require the Federal
 Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (SEC) and other federal agencies to enact
 numerous new rules, many of which may not be implemented for
 several months or years. We cannot predict with any certainty
 the requirements of the regulations ultimately adopted or how
 the Dodd-Frank Act and such regulations will impact the cost of
 compliance for a public company. We are currently evaluating and
 monitoring developments with respect to the Dodd-Frank Act and
 the resulting rule proposals and cannot predict or estimate the
 amount of the additional costs we may incur or the timing of
 such costs.

 These laws,
 regulations and standards required by the Dodd-Frank Act are
 subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their
 lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in
 practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by
 regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing
 uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
 necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance
 practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving
 laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result
 in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
 of management’s time and attention from revenue-generating
 activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply
 with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the
 activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to
 ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may
 initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be
 harmed. We also expect these new rules and regulations will make
 it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer
 liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced
 coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage.
 These factors could also make it more difficult for us to
 attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors,
 particularly to serve on our audit committee, and qualified
 executive officers.

 The Dodd-Frank Act
 also requires companies in the mining industry to disclose in
 their periodic reports filed with the SEC substantial additional
 information about safety issues relating to their mining
 operations. The mining industry is already subject to stringent
 safety and health standards and recent mining accidents in West
 Virginia and abroad have received international attention and
 have led to responses at the state and national levels that have
 resulted in increased scrutiny of mining operations,
 particularly underground mining operations. This heightened
 scrutiny could generate negative publicity for the mining
 industry, increase the cost of compliance with mining
 regulations or result in the passage of new laws and
 regulations, any of which could negatively affect our business
 results.