The announcement and pendency of our agreement to be acquired by Oracle and intensifying competition from our competitors have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our business. 

On April 19, 2009, we entered into an Agreement and Plan Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Oracle Corporation (Oracle) pursuant to which a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Oracle will, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions contained in the Merger Agreement, merge with and into Sun, and Sun will be the successor or surviving corporation of the merger and will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Oracle (the Merger). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the closing conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common
stock of Sun issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into the right to receive $9.50 in cash, without interest. The announcement and pendency of the Merger and intensifying competition from our competitors
have caused, and could continue to cause, disruptions in our business, including affecting our relationships with our customers, vendors and employees, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial results and operations. 

10 

Table of Contents

The failure to complete the merger with Oracle could adversely affect our business. 

There is no assurance that the Merger with Oracle or any other transaction will occur. If the proposed Merger or a similar transaction is not completed, the share price
of our common stock may drop to the extent that the current market price of our common stock reflects an assumption that a transaction will be completed. In addition, under circumstances defined in the Merger Agreement, we may be required to pay a
termination fee of up to approximately $260 million and, in certain circumstances, reimburse reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of Oracle of not more than $45 million incurred with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement. Further, a failed transaction may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community. Finally, any disruptions to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the Merger and from
intensifying competition from our competitors, including any adverse changes in our relationships with our customers, vendors and employees, could continue or accelerate in the event of a failed transaction. There can be no assurance that our
business, these relationships or our financial condition will not be adversely affected, as compared to the condition prior to the announcement of the Merger, if the Merger is not consummated. 

If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, the loss of our competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer
orders, reduced revenues, reduced margins, reduced levels of profitability and loss of market share. 

We compete in the computer systems (hardware and
software) and storage (hardware and software) products and services markets. These markets are intensely competitive. If we fail to compete successfully in these markets, the demand for our products and services would decrease. Any reduction in
demand could lead to fewer customer orders, reduced revenues, pricing pressures, reduced margins, reduced levels of profitability and loss of market share. These competitive pressures could materially and adversely affect our business and operating
results. 

Our competitors are some of the largest, most successful companies in the world. They include IBM, Dell, HP, EMC, Fujitsu, HDS, Fujitsu Technology
Solutions, Inc., Microsoft, Oracle and Intel. We compete with (i) systems manufacturers and resellers of systems based on microprocessors from Intel, the Windows family of operating systems software from Microsoft and the Linux family of
operating systems software from Red Hat and others, as well as (ii) companies that focus on providing support and maintenance services for computer systems and storage products. A substantial majority of our computer systems products are based
on our SPARC platform, which has a significantly smaller installed base than the Windows and Linux platforms. Certain of these competitors compete aggressively on price, as well as based on their platform, and seek to maintain very low cost
structures. Some of these competitors are seeking to increase their market share, which creates increased pressure, including pricing pressure, on our product lines and service offerings. In particular, we are seeing increased competition and
pricing pressures from competitors offering systems running Linux software and other open source software, as well as competitors offering support services. Additionally, some of these competitors are able to compete with us by using software
pricing strategies that make it more expensive for their customers to use our hardware. Certain of our competitors, including IBM and HP, have financial and human resources that are substantially greater than ours, which increases the competitive
pressures we face. These competitors also have significant installed bases, and it can be very difficult to win a new customer that has made significant investments in a competitor’s platform. We are also experiencing increased competition from
certain of our competitors, including IBM and HP, who are targeting our customers as a result of the uncertainty associated with the proposed acquisition by Oracle. 

Customers make buying decisions based on many factors, including among other things, new product and service offerings and features; product performance and quality; availability and quality of support and other services; price; platform;
interoperability with hardware and software of other vendors; quality; reliability, security features and availability of products; breadth of product line; ease of doing business; a vendor’s ability to adapt to customers’ changing
requirements; responsiveness to shifts in the marketplace; business model (e.g., utility computing, subscription-based software usage, consolidation versus outsourcing); contractual terms and conditions; vendor reputation and vendor viability. As
competition increases, each factor on which we compete becomes more important and the lack of competitive advantage with respect to one or more of these factors could lead to a loss of competitive position, resulting in fewer customer orders,
reduced revenues, reduced margins, reduced levels of profitability and loss of market share. We expect competitive pressure to remain intense. 

Fujitsu and
its subsidiaries have, for many years, been key strategic channel partners with us, distributing substantial quantities of our products throughout the world. We entered into a number of agreements with Fujitsu intended to substantially increase the
scope of our relationship with them, including through collaborative selling efforts and joint development and marketing of server products known as the Advanced Product Line (APL). The first group of APL server products was released in April 2007
and branded as the SPARC Enterprise line of servers. Enhanced versions of the SPARC Enterprise M4000, M5000, M8000 and M9000 servers, with new quad-core SPARC64 VII processor technology, were released in July 2008. However, Fujitsu is also a
competitor of ours and, as a licensee of various technologies from us and others, it has developed products that currently compete directly with our products. 

Over the last several years, we have invested significantly in our Storage products business, including through the acquisition of StorageTek, with a view to increasing the sales of these products both on a stand-alone basis to customers
using the systems of our competitors, and as part of the systems that we sell. The Storage products business is intensely competitive. EMC is currently a leader in the storage products market and our primary competitor. 

11 

Table of Contents

We are continuing the implementation of a solution-based selling approach. While we believe that strategy will enable us
to increase our revenues and margins, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in this approach. In fact, our implementation of this selling model may result in reductions in our revenues and/or margins, particularly in the short term,
as we compete to attract business. In addition, because of our emphasis on solution-based sales, we face strong competition from systems integrators such as IBM, Fujitsu Technology Solutions, Inc. and HP. Our inability to successfully implement this
model could have a material adverse impact on our revenues and margins. 

The products we make are very complex. If we are unable to rapidly and
successfully develop and introduce new products and manage our inventory, we will not be able to satisfy customer demand. 

We operate in a highly
competitive, quickly changing environment, and our future success depends on our ability to develop and introduce new products that our customers choose to buy. If we are unable to develop new products, our business and operating results could be
adversely affected. We must quickly develop, introduce, and deliver in quantity new, complex systems, software and hardware products and components. These include products that incorporate certain UltraSPARC microprocessors and the Solaris Operating
System, the Java platform, Sun Java™ System portfolio and Sun Grid™ architecture, among others. The development process for these complicated products is very uncertain. It requires high levels of innovation from both our product designers
and the suppliers of the components used in our products. The development process is also lengthy and costly. If we fail to accurately anticipate our customers’ needs and technological trends, or are otherwise unable to complete the development
of a product on a timely basis, we will be unable to introduce new products into the market on a timely basis, if at all, and our business and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. 

The manufacture and introduction of our new products is also a complicated process. Once we have developed a new product, we face several challenges in the manufacturing
process. We must be able to manufacture new products in sufficient volumes so that we can have an adequate supply of new products to meet customer demand. We must also be able to manufacture the new products at acceptable costs. This requires us to
be able to accurately forecast customer demand so that we can procure the appropriate components at optimal costs. Forecasting demand requires us to predict order volumes, the correct mix of our products and the correct configurations of these
products. We must manage new product introductions and transitions to minimize the impact of customer-delayed purchases of existing products in anticipation of new product releases. We must also try to reduce the levels of older product and
component inventories to minimize inventory write-offs. If we have excess inventory, it may be necessary to reduce our prices or write down inventory, which could result in lower gross margins. Additionally, our customers may delay orders for
existing products in anticipation of new product introductions. As a result, we may decide to adjust prices of our existing products during this process to try to increase customer demand for these products. Our future operating results would be
materially and adversely affected if such pricing adjustments were to occur and we were unable to mitigate the resulting margin pressure by maintaining a favorable mix of systems, software, service and other products, or if we were unsuccessful in
achieving component cost reductions, operating efficiencies and increasing sales volumes. 

If we are unable to timely develop, manufacture and introduce new
products in sufficient quantity to meet customer demand at acceptable costs, or if we are unable to correctly anticipate customer demand for our new and existing products, our business and operating results could be materially adversely affected.

The financial crisis in the U.S. and global economic recessions has negatively affected our business, results of operations, and financial condition,
and could continue to do so in the future. 

The financial crisis affecting the banking system and financial markets and the global economic recessions
have resulted in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and extreme volatility in credit, equity and fixed income markets. There could be a number of follow-on effects from these economic developments
on our business, including insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays; inability of customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products; delays in payment and/or customer insolvencies; counterparty failures negatively
impacting our treasury operations; increased impairments from the inability of investee companies to obtain financing; decreased customer confidence; foreign currency fluctuations; and decreased customer demand, including order delays or
cancellations. We have already experienced some of these economic developments, which has negatively affected our business, results of operations and financial condition, and this could continue in the future. In addition, to the extent these
economic developments continue to impact our ability to achieve our internally forecasted results, we could incur significant impairment charges related to our goodwill and long-lived assets. 

We expect our quarterly revenues, cash flows and operating results to fluctuate for a number of reasons. 

Future operating results and cash flows will continue to be subject to quarterly fluctuations based on a wide variety of factors, including: 

Seasonality.    Although our sales and other operating results can be influenced by a number of factors and historical results are not
necessarily indicative of future results, our sequential quarterly operating results generally fluctuate downward in the first and third quarters of each fiscal year when compared with the immediately preceding quarter. 

12 

Table of Contents

Linearity.    Our quarterly sales have historically reflected a pattern in which a
disproportionate percentage of each quarter’s total revenues occur in the last month of the quarter. This pattern can make prediction of revenues, earnings and working capital for each financial period difficult and uncertain and increase the
risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition. 

Foreign Currency Fluctuations.    As a large
portion of our business takes place outside of the U.S., we enter into transactions in other currencies. Although we employ various hedging strategies, we are exposed to changes in exchange rates, which could cause fluctuations in our quarterly
operating results. 

Deferred Tax Assets.    Estimates and judgments are required in the calculation of certain tax liabilities
and in the determination of the recoverability of certain of the deferred tax assets, which arise from net operating losses, tax credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and
expense. SFAS 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes,” also requires that the deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance, if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. 

In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we
consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent fiscal years and our forecast of future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. In
determining future taxable income, we are responsible for the assumptions utilized including the amount of state, federal and international pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and
prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. Cumulative losses incurred
in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions in recent years and insufficient forecasted future taxable income in certain other foreign jurisdictions represented sufficient negative evidence to require full and partial valuation allowances in these
jurisdictions. We have established a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets in these jurisdictions, which will remain until sufficient positive evidence exists to support reversal. Future reversals or increases to our valuation
allowance could have a significant impact on our future earnings. 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.    We perform an
analysis on our goodwill balances to test for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events occur that may indicate impairment possibly exists. Goodwill is deemed to be impaired if the net book value of a reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair
value. The impairment of a long-lived intangible asset other than goodwill is only deemed to have occurred if the sum of the forecasted undiscounted future cash flows related to the asset are less than the carrying value of the intangible asset we
are testing for impairment. If the forecasted cash flows are less than the carrying value, then we must write down the carrying value to its estimated fair value. 

Based on a combination of factors, including the economic environment, our operating results, and a sustained decline in our market capitalization, we concluded that there were sufficient indicators to require us to perform an interim
goodwill impairment analysis as of September 28, 2008. As a result, during the first quarter of fiscal 2009, we recorded an impairment charge of $1,445 million. For the purposes of this analysis, our estimates of fair value were based on a
combination of the income approach, which estimates the fair value of our reporting units based on the future discounted cash flows, and the market approach, which estimates the fair value of our reporting units based on comparable market prices.
Our estimates of future cash flows included estimated growth rates and assumptions about the extent and duration of the current economic downturn. 

As of
June 30, 2009, we had a goodwill balance of $1,743 million. Goodwill impairment analysis and measurement is a process that requires significant judgment and the use of significant estimates related to valuation such as discount rates, long term
growth rates and the level and timing of future cash flows. As a result, several factors could result in impairment of a material amount of our $1,743 million goodwill balance in future periods, including, but not limited to: 

(1)

A decline in our stock price and resulting market capitalization, if we determine that the decline is sustained and is indicative of a reduction in the fair value of any of our
reporting units below its carrying value. 

(2)

Further weakening of the world-wide economy, continued weakness in the network computing industry, or failure of Sun to reach our internal forecasts could impact our ability to
achieve our forecasted levels of cash flows and reduce the estimated discounted cash flow value of our reporting units. 

It is not possible at
this time to determine if any such future impairment charge would result from these factors, or, if it does, whether such charge would be material. We will continue to review our goodwill and other intangible assets for possible impairment. We
cannot be certain that a future downturn in our business, changes in market conditions or a longer-term decline in the quoted market price of our stock will not result in an impairment of goodwill and the recognition of resulting expenses in future
periods, which could adversely affect our results of operations for those periods. 

We also test our other long-lived assets for impairment semi-annually
and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may be impaired. Failure to achieve our forecasted operating results, due to further weakness in the economic environment or other factors, could result in
impairment of a significant amount of our long-lived intangible or tangible assets. As of June 30, 2009, we had $269 million of long-lived intangible assets and $1,616 million of long-lived tangible assets. 

13 

Table of Contents

We are dependent on significant customers, specific industries and geographies. 

Sales to Avnet, the largest distributor of our products, accounted for approximately 13%, 11%, and 11% of our net revenues in fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. In
January 2007, Access Distribution, the largest distributor of our products at the time, was sold to Avnet by General Electric Company. Avnet was StorageTek’s largest distributor and became a distributor of our products after our acquisition of
StorageTek in August 2005. The net revenue percentage for fiscal 2007 represents sales to Avnet and Access Distribution on a combined basis. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues in fiscal 2009. If our distribution
arrangement with Avnet significantly deteriorates or is terminated, and we are unable to find another distributor for our products on similar financial terms, our future operating results could be adversely affected. 

We depend on the telecommunications, financial services and government sectors for a significant portion of our revenues. Our revenues are dependent on the level of
technology capital spending in the U.S. and international economies. If capital spending declines in these industries over an extended period of time, our business will continue to be materially and adversely affected. We continue to execute on our
strategy to reduce our dependence on these industries by expanding our product reach into new industries, but no assurance can be given that this strategy will be successful. 

Weakening economic conditions in specific geographic areas, particularly the U.S. or Europe, can also adversely affect our operating results. For example, due to the financial crisis and the economic recessions in the
U.S., many customers have delayed or reduced technology capital spending which has had and may continue to have an adverse affect on our operating results. 

We derive significant revenues from the sales of our higher end server products and decreased demand for these products has, and could continue to, adversely affect our revenues, gross margins and earnings. 

We derive significant revenues from the sales of our higher end server products. These products are offered at higher price points and typically provide us with higher
gross margin percentages than our entry-level products. We experienced reduced demand for our higher end server products in fiscal 2009, which had an adverse affect on our revenues, gross margins, and earnings. Any continued decrease in demand could
adversely affect our revenues, gross margins, and earnings. 

We have licensed significant elements of our intellectual property, including our Solaris
Operating System and Java technology, as open source software and intend to license additional intellectual property in the future under open source licenses, which could reduce the competitive advantage we derive from this intellectual property.

We have released significant elements of our intellectual property, including the Solaris Operating System, the Java Enterprise System infrastructure
software platform, MySQL database technology, the Sun Grid Engine software and various developer tools, to the open source development community as open source software under an open source license and have made the hardware source code of our
UltraSPARC T1 and T2 processors available under an open source license. We have also released our Java Platform, Standard Edition (Java SE), Enterprise Edition (Java EE) and Micro Edition (Java ME) technologies under an open source license. Although
open source licensing models vary, generally open source software licenses permit the liberal copying, modification and distribution of a software program allowing a diverse programming community to contribute to the software. As a result of such
release, there could be an impact on revenue related to this intellectual property and we may no longer be able to exercise control over some aspects of the future development of this intellectual property. In particular, the feature set and
functionality of the Solaris Operating System may diverge from those that best serve our strategic objectives, move in directions in which we do not have competitive expertise or fork into multiple, potentially incompatible variations. We currently
derive a significant competitive advantage from our development, licensing and sale of the Solaris Operating System, Java and MySQL technologies, and system products based on the UltraSPARC family of microprocessors, and any of these events could
reduce our competitive advantage or impact market demand for our products, software and services. In addition, disclosing the content of our source code could limit the intellectual property protection we can obtain or maintain for that source code
or the products containing that source code and could facilitate intellectual property infringement claims against us. Finally, there can be no assurance that making our intellectual property freely available will yield incremental revenue to us.

Delays in product development or customer acceptance and implementation of new products and technologies could seriously harm our business.

Generally, the computer systems we sell to customers incorporate various hardware and software products that we sell, such as UltraSPARC
microprocessors, various software elements, from the Solaris Operating System to the Java platform, Sun Java System portfolio, Sun Grid Engine and the Sun StorageTek™ and Sun Storage lines. Any delay in the development, delivery or acceptance
of key elements of the hardware or software included in our systems could delay our shipment of these systems. Delays in the development and introduction of our products may occur for various reasons. 

14 

Table of Contents

In addition, if customers decided to delay the adoption and implementation of new releases of our Solaris Operating
System, this could also delay customer acceptance of new hardware products tied to that release. Implementing a new release of an operating environment requires a great deal of time and money for a customer to convert its systems to the new release.
The customer must also work with software vendors who port their software applications to the new operating system and make sure these applications will run on the new operating system. As a result, customers may decide to delay their adoption of a
new release of an operating system because of the cost of a new system and the effort involved to implement it. Such delays in product development and customer acceptance and implementation of new products could materially and adversely affect our
business. 

We maintain higher research and development costs, as a percentage of total net revenues, than many of our competitors and our earnings are
dependent upon maintaining revenues and gross margins at a sufficient level to offset these costs. 

One of our business strategies is to derive a
competitive advantage and a resulting enhancement of our gross margins from our investment in innovative new technologies which customers value. As a result, as a percentage of total net revenues, we incur higher fixed R&D costs than many of our
competitors. To the extent that we are unable to develop and sell products with attractive gross margins in sufficient volumes, our earnings may be materially and adversely affected by our cost structure. We continue to add new products to our
entry-level server product line that are offered at a lower price point and that may provide us with a lower gross margin percentage than our products as a whole. Although our strategy is to sell these products as part of overall systems that
include other products with higher gross margin percentages, to the extent that the mix of our overall revenues represented by sales of lower gross margin products increases, our gross margins and earnings may be materially and adversely affected.

The cost of implementing a new enterprise resource planning system, which is currently on hold, may negatively impact our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows and any problems with the design or implementation of this system could interfere with our business and operations. 

We
were in the process of implementing a project to consolidate all of our database infrastructure to a single global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. In May 2009, we decided to delay the implementation of the remaining phases of the project
for six months while we evaluate alternatives. We have invested, and may continue to invest, significant capital and human resources in the design and implementation of the ERP system, which may be disruptive to our underlying business. Any
disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of the new ERP system, particularly any disruptions, delays or deficiencies that impact our operations, could adversely affect our ability to process customer orders, ship
products, provide services and support to our customers, bill and track our customers, fulfill contractual obligations, file SEC reports in a timely manner and otherwise run our business. Further, as we are dependent upon our ability to gather and
promptly transmit accurate information to key decision makers, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected if our database infrastructure does not allow us to transmit accurate information,
even for a short period of time. Even if we do not encounter these adverse effects, the design and implementation of the new ERP system may be much more costly than we anticipated. While the project is on hold, we will not be able to achieve any of
the cost savings or other business efficiencies that were expected to result from the completion of the project. If we resume the ERP implementation process, but are unable to successfully design and implement it as planned, our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. In the past, we have experienced a number of challenges during the implementation of this project that have caused delays and affected our operations. Although these disruptions have
not materially affected our financial results, further disruptions caused by the implementation of the new ERP system could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

As of June 30, 2009, we have capitalized construction in process of approximately $277 million relating to the remaining phases of this project, the value of which
will be fully impaired in the event these phases are not completed. 

Some of our Restructuring Plans may not result in the anticipated cost saving and
benefits and the failure to effectively implement these plans may adversely affect our business. 

Since March 2004, our Board of Directors and our
management have approved a series of restructuring plans including the restructuring plan announced in November 2008 and the restructuring of our sales force effected in the second half of fiscal 2009. Our ability to achieve the cost savings and
operating efficiencies anticipated by these restructuring plans is dependent on our ability to effectively implement the workforce and excess capacity reductions contemplated. If we are unable to implement these plans effectively, we may not achieve
the level of cost savings and efficiency benefits expected for fiscal year 2010 and beyond. Additionally, if the restructuring plans are not effectively managed, we may experience lost customer sales, product delays and other unanticipated effects,
causing harm to our business and customer relationships. Finally, the timing and implementation of these plans require compliance with numerous laws and regulations, including local labor laws, and the failure to comply with such requirements may
result in damages, fines and penalties which could adversely affect our business. 

15 

Table of Contents

Our acquisition, divestiture and alliance activities could disrupt our business and subject us to significant risks.

We have made and may continue to make investments in companies, products and technologies, either through acquisitions or investments or alliances. For
example, we have purchased several companies in the past, including MySQL and StorageTek, and have also formed alliances, such as our strategic relationship with Fujitsu for the development, manufacturing and marketing of server products and our OEM
relationship with Hitachi Data Systems for the collaboration on, and delivery of, a broad range of storage products and services. We also rely on IT services partners and independent software developers to enhance the value to our customers of our
products and services. Acquisitions and alliance activities often involve risks, including: (1) difficulty in assimilating the acquired operations and employees; (2) difficulty in managing product co-development activities with our
alliance partners; (3) retaining the key employees of the acquired operation; (4) disruption of our or the acquired company’s ongoing business; (5) inability to successfully integrate the acquired technology and operations into
our business and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures; and (6) lacking the experience to enter into new product or technology markets. 

From time to time, we evaluate our products and service offerings and may adjust our strategic priorities by reducing investment in or divesting certain business operations. Decisions to eliminate or divest certain business operations may
involve a number of risks, including the diversion of management’s attention, significant costs and expenses, the assumption of contractual obligations, realization of losses, facility consolidation, the loss or disruption of customer
relationships, the loss of employees, the elimination of revenues along with associated costs and the disruption of operations in the affected business or related businesses, any of which could cause our operating results to decline and may fail to
yield the expected benefits. 

Our reliance on single source suppliers could delay product shipments and increase our costs. 

Most of our products and components are manufactured in whole or in part by third-party manufacturers. Further, there are some components that can only be purchased from
a single vendor due to price, quality, technology or other business constraints. For example, we currently depend on Texas Instruments for the manufacture of our existing UltraSPARC microprocessors, Imation for tape media used in certain tape
storage products and several other companies for custom integrated circuits. If we were unable to purchase any of these items from the respective single vendors on acceptable terms or experienced significant delays or quality issues in the delivery
of necessary parts and/or components from a particular vendor and we had to find a new supplier for these parts and components, our new and existing product shipments could be delayed which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of components to meet
the demands of our customers. 

We depend heavily on our suppliers to design, develop, manufacture, and deliver on a timely basis the necessary
components for our products. While many of the components we purchase are standard, we do purchase some components (standard or otherwise), including color monitors, custom power supplies, application specific integrated circuits (ASICs) and custom
memory and graphics devices, that require long lead times to manufacture and deliver. Long lead times make it difficult for us to plan and procure appropriate component inventory levels to meet the customer demand for our products. In addition, in
the past, we have experienced shortages in certain of our components (including, ASICs, dynamic random access memories (DRAMs) and static random access memories (SRAMs)). If a component delivery from a supplier is delayed, if we experience a
shortage in one or more components, or if we are unable to provide for adequate levels of component inventory, our new and existing product shipments could be delayed and our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.

Because we may order components from suppliers in advance of receipt of customer orders for our products that include these components, we could face a
material inventory risk. 

As part of our component planning, we place orders with or pay certain suppliers for components in advance of receipt of
customer orders. We occasionally negotiate supply commitments with vendors early in the manufacturing process of our microprocessors to make sure we have enough of these components for our products to meet anticipated customer demand. Because the
design and manufacturing process for these components is very complicated it is possible that we could experience a design or manufacturing flaw that could delay or even prevent the production of the components for which we have previously committed
to pay or need to fulfill orders from customers. We also face the risk of ordering too many components, or conversely, not enough components, since supply orders are generally based on forecasts of customer orders rather than actual customer orders.
In addition, in some cases, we make non-cancelable order commitments to our suppliers for work-in-progress, supplier’s finished goods, custom sub-assemblies and Sun unique raw materials that are necessary to meet our lead times for finished
goods. If we cannot change or be released from supply orders, we could incur costs from the purchase of unusable components, either due to a delay in the production of the components or other supplies or as a result of inaccurately predicting supply
orders in advance of customer orders. Our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected as a result of these increased costs. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our products may have quality issues that could adversely affect our sales and reputation. 

In the course of conducting our business, we experience and address quality issues. Some of our hardware and software products contain defects, including defects in our
engineering, design and manufacturing processes, as well as defects in third-party components included in our products, which may be beyond our control. Often defects are identified during our design, development and manufacturing processes and we
are able to correct many of these. Sometimes defects are identified after introduction and shipment of new products or enhancements to existing products. 

When a quality issue is identified, we work extensively with our customers (and our suppliers) to remedy such issues. We may test the affected product to determine the root cause of the problem and to determine appropriate solutions. We may
find an appropriate solution (often called a “patch”) or offer a temporary fix while a permanent solution is being determined. If we are unable to determine the root cause, find an appropriate solution or offer a temporary fix, we may
delay shipment to customers. We may, however, ship products while we continue to explore a suitable solution if we believe the defect is not significant to the product’s functionality. Defects in our products can harm our reputation, delay or
prevent sales, result in significant expense and could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Our international customers and operations subject
us to a number of risks. 

Currently, more than half of our revenues come from international sales. In addition, a portion of our operations consists of
manufacturing and sales activities outside of the U.S. Our ability to sell our products and conduct our operations internationally is subject to a number of risks. Local economic, political and labor conditions in each country could adversely affect
demand for our products and services or disrupt our operations in these markets. We may also experience reduced intellectual property protection or longer and more challenging collection cycles as a result of different customary business practices
in certain countries where we do business which could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. Currency fluctuations could also materially and adversely affect our business in a number of ways. Although we
take steps to reduce or eliminate certain foreign currency exposures that can be identified or quantified, we may incur currency translation losses as a result of our international operations. Further, in the event that currency fluctuations cause
our products to become more expensive in overseas markets in local currencies, there could be a reduction in demand for our products or we could lower our pricing in some or all of these markets resulting in reduced revenue and margins.
Alternatively, a weakening dollar could result in greater costs to us for our overseas operations. Changes to and compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations may increase our cost of doing business in these jurisdictions. Trade
protection measures and import and export licensing requirements subject us to additional regulation and may prevent us from shipping products to a particular market, and increase our operating costs. In addition, we could be subject to regulations,
fines and penalties for violations of import and export regulations. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as
those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, including those based in or from countries where practices which violate such United States laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies. These
violations could result in penalties, including prohibiting us from exporting our products to one or more countries, and could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from those in the U.S. We incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our international operations and could become subject to legal penalties
in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations, which may be substantially different from those in the United States. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common for local
business people to engage in business practices that violate their local laws and that are prohibited by United States laws applicable to us such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. We have implemented policies, training, internal controls and
procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws. However, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as our resellers and those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations,
will not engage in actions which violate local or U.S. law or our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We have entered into, and may enter into additional, joint ventures with distribution partners with the goal of increasing sales of our products and services in selected geographic markets. We have implemented
policies, internal controls and procedures designed to ensure the joint venture partners and joint venture companies comply with our policies and relevant laws. However, entering into a joint venture subjects us to additional compliance and legal
risks related to the actions of the joint venture partner and the joint venture company. 

Our business may be adversely affected if our competitors
acquire or enter into exclusive arrangements with companies with whom we do business or may do business in the future. 

From time to time, our
competitors may acquire or enter into exclusive arrangements with companies with whom we do business or may do business in the future. Reductions in the number of partners with whom we may do business in a particular context may reduce our ability
to enter into critical alliances on attractive terms or at all, and the termination of an existing relationship or alliance by a business partner may disrupt our operations. 

17 

Table of Contents

We face numerous risks associated with our strategic alliance with Fujitsu. 

We have entered into a number of agreements with Fujitsu with respect to collaborative sales and marketing efforts and the joint development and manufacturing of server
products known as the Advanced Product Line. The first group of APL server products was released in April 2007 and branded as the Sun SPARC Enterprise line of servers. Enhanced versions of the SPARC Enterprise M4000, M5000, M8000 and M9000 servers,
with new quad-core SPARC64 VII processor technology, were released in July 2008. The APL server products are intended to eventually replace a portion of our server product portfolio. In addition, the agreements contemplate that Sun and Fujitsu
dedicate substantial financial and human resources to this relationship. As a result, our future performance and financial condition may be impacted by the success or failure of this relationship. 

Joint development and marketing of a complex new product line is an inherently difficult undertaking and is subject to numerous risks. If we fail to satisfy certain
development or supply obligations under the agreements, or if we otherwise violate the terms of the agreements or applicable laws related to these agreements, we may be subject to significant contractual or legal penalties. Further, if Fujitsu
encounters any of a number of potential problems in its business, such as intellectual property infringement claims, supply difficulties, or difficulties in meeting development milestones or financial challenges, these problems could impact our
strategic relationship with them and could result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. There can be no assurance that our strategic relationship with Fujitsu will be successful, that there will be any future
releases of APL server products or that the economic terms of the agreements establishing the relationship will ultimately prove to be favorable to us. If any of these risks come to pass, they may have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

We are dependent on third parties for certain key business process functions such as IT services and the
human resource function and for the provision of certain key manufacturing activities. 

We continuously seek to make our cost structure more efficient
and focus on our core strengths. We continue to develop and implement our global resourcing strategy and operating model, which includes activities that are focused on increasing workforce flexibility and scalability, and improving overall
competitiveness by leveraging external talent and skills worldwide. We rely on partners or third party service providers for the provision of certain key business process functions, including IT services and the human resources function, and as a
result, we may incur increased business continuity risks. We may no longer be able to exercise control over some aspects of the future development, support or maintenance of outsourced operations and processes, including the internal controls
associated with those outsourced business operations and processes, which could adversely affect our business. If we are unable to effectively utilize or integrate and interoperate with external resources or if our partners or third party service
providers experience business difficulties or are unable to provide business process services as anticipated, we may need to seek alternative service providers or resume providing these business processes internally, which could be costly and time
consuming and have a material adverse effect on our operating and financial results. 

We also rely on partners for the provision of key manufacturing
activities. Texas Instruments indicated publicly that it will not be making UltraSPARC microprocessors for us on a foundry basis at the 45-nm node. Consequently, we are reviewing alternative foundry solutions, and are transitioning the 45/40-nm node
and any subsequent nodes for foundry operations and supply chain to other potential vendors. If we are unable to effectively execute the transition, we may experience difficulty in delivering our 45/40-nm next generation microelectronics products
and technologies, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We are dependent upon our channel partners for a significant portion of our
revenues. 

Our channel partners include distributors, OEMs, independent software vendors, system integrators, service providers and resellers. We
continue to see an increase in revenues via our reseller channel. We face ongoing business risks due to our reliance on our channel partners to maintain customer relationships and create customer demand with customers where we have a limited or no
direct relationship, including with respect to our government business. Should our relationships with our channel partners or their effectiveness decline, we face risk of declining demand, which could affect our results of operations. 

Adverse resolution of litigation may harm our operating results or financial condition. 

We are a party to lawsuits in the normal course of our business. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to
predict. An unfavorable resolution of a particular lawsuit could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. We are currently involved in litigation with the General Services Administration (GSA).
Additional information is provided in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our business may suffer if it is alleged or found that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others.

From time to time we have been notified that we may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of others. Responding to such
claims, regardless of their merit, can be time consuming, result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. There are often several pending claims in various stages of
evaluation at any particular time. From time to time, we consider the desirability of entering into licensing agreements in certain of these claims. The action we take with respect to such claims varies depending on our assessment of the nature of
the particular claim. When we believe there is a substantial likelihood that one of our products, component parts, or activities may infringe a valid intellectual property right of another party, there are several steps we may take to address such
possible infringement, including securing alternative non-infringing products, designing our products or activities such that they do not infringe, or seeking a license on commercially reasonable terms. No assurance can be given that such efforts to
remediate any infringement will be successful or that licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. In the event there is a temporary or permanent injunction entered prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain
of our products, or a successful claim of infringement against us requiring us to pay royalties to a third party, and we fail to license such technology on acceptable terms and conditions or to develop or license a substitute technology, our
business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Income tax laws and regulations subject us to a number
of risks and could result in significant liabilities and costs. 

As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various
foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and foreign tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of revenues and expenses in different jurisdictions. Additionally, the amount of income taxes paid is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws
in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are regularly subject to audits by tax authorities. While we endeavor to comply with all applicable income tax laws, there can be no assurance that a governing tax authority will not have a different
interpretation of the law than we do or that we will comply in all respects with applicable tax laws, which could result in additional taxes. We regularly review the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax audits to determine if additional
income taxes, penalties and interest would be assessed. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these audits will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the review is conducted. 

Credit rating downgrades could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Three credit rating agencies follow us. Fitch Ratings has rated us BBB-, which is an investment grade rating. Moody’s Investor Services and Standard & Poor’s have assigned us non-investment grade
ratings of Ba1 and BB+, respectively. Each of these agencies has placed us on positive outlook. These ratings reflect those credit agencies’ expectations regarding our financial and competitive condition and our proposed acquisition by Oracle.
If we are downgraded by these ratings agencies, it could increase our costs of obtaining, or make it more difficult to obtain or issue, new debt financing. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our business and financial
condition. 

We depend on key employees and face competition in hiring and retaining qualified employees. 

Our employees are vital to our success, and our key management, engineering and other employees are difficult to replace. We generally do not have employment contracts
with our key employees. Further, we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our employees. Because our compensation packages include equity-based incentives, pressure on our stock price could affect our ability to offer competitive
compensation packages to current employees. In addition, we must continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals, which may be difficult due to morale challenges posed by our workforce reductions, global resourcing
strategies and related uncertainties. Should these conditions continue, we may not be able to retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could adversely affect our business. 

19 

Table of Contents

Our use of a self-insurance program to cover certain claims for losses suffered and costs or expenses incurred could
negatively impact our business upon the occurrence of an uninsured event. 

We maintain a program of insurance with third-party insurers for certain
property, casualty and other risks. The policies are subject to deductibles and exclusions that result in our retention of a level of risk on a self-insurance basis. We retain risk with regard to certain loss events, such as California earthquakes,
the indemnification or defense payments we may make to or on behalf of our directors and officers as a result of obligations under applicable agreements, our by-laws and applicable law and for potential liabilities that are not insured, and we
sponsor a number of health and welfare insurance plans for our employees. The types and amounts of insurance obtained vary from time to time and from location to location, depending on availability, cost and our decisions with respect to risk
retention. In the event that the frequency of losses experienced by us increased unexpectedly, the aggregate of such losses could materially increase our liability and adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and results of
operations. In addition, because the insurance market continues to limit the availability of certain insurance products and because the costs of certain products continue to increase, we will continue to evaluate the types and magnitudes of claims
we include in our self-insurance program. Additions and changes to this self insurance program may increase our risk exposure and therefore increase the risk of a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and results
of operations. In addition, we have made certain judgments as to the limits on our existing insurance coverage that we believe are in line with industry standards, as well as in light of economic and product availability considerations. Unforeseen
catastrophic loss scenarios could prove our limits to be inadequate, and losses incurred in connection with the known claims we self-insure could be substantial. Either of these circumstances could materially adversely affect our financial and
business condition. 

Business interruptions could adversely affect our business. 

Our operations and those of our suppliers are vulnerable to interruption by fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks and other events beyond our control. A substantial portion of our
facilities, including our corporate headquarters and other critical business operations, are located near major earthquake faults. In addition, some of our facilities are located on filled land and, therefore, may be more susceptible to damage if an
earthquake occurs. We generally do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses. In addition, we do not carry business interruption insurance for, nor do we carry financial reserves against, business interruptions arising from
earthquakes or certain other events. If a business interruption occurs, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our failure to comply
with contractual obligations and U.S. governmental procurement law may result in significant penalties. 

We offer terms to some of our distributors and
other customers that, in some cases, include complex provisions for pricing, data protection and other terms. In connection with these contracts, we are in some cases required to allow the customer to audit certain of our records to verify
compliance with these terms. In particular, government agency customers audit and investigate government contractors, including us. These agencies review our performance under the applicable contracts as well as compliance with applicable laws,
regulations and standards. Examples of applicable laws include the Trade Agreements Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (Section 508) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). The government also may review the adequacy of, and our
compliance with, contractual obligations, our internal control systems and policies, including our purchasing, property, estimating, compensation, management information systems and data protection requirements. If the U.S. government discovers,
whether in the normal course of business or through an audit, improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to claims for damages, penalties and other sanctions. With respect to claims by government agencies, sanctions may include treble
damages, fines and possibly debarment or suspension from sales to the federal government. In addition, we may suffer serious harm to our reputation if allegations of impropriety were made against us. The federal government has intervened in a case
filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas alleging that we violated the Federal False Claims and Anti-Kickback Acts and breached our contracts with the GSA and certain other government customers, among other
claims. These claims are based in part on certain audit reports prepared by the GSA Office of the Inspector General with respect to our prior GSA Multi-Award Schedule. Claims by the federal government pursuant to the lawsuit or otherwise in the
administration of our contracts, and any judgment or settlement related thereto, could expose us to damages, penalties and other sanctions, up to and including debarment or suspension from federal sales, loss of sales opportunities, business
interruption and damage to our reputation. 

We have identified potential violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or relevant foreign statutes,
the resolution of which could possibly have a material effect on our business. 

During fiscal year 2009, we identified activities that may have violated
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) or relevant foreign statutes. We initiated independent investigations with the assistance of outside counsel and are continuing to investigate where necessary and to take remedial action. We made voluntary
disclosures with respect to these matters to the Department of Justice, Securities and Exchange Commission and certain foreign government agencies. We are cooperating with these governmental entities and the outcome of these, or any future matters,
cannot be predicted. We monitor our international operations, and we may identify activities in the future that may violate the FCPA or relevant foreign statutes. The FCPA and the relevant foreign statutes and regulations provide for potential
monetary penalties, criminal sanctions and in some cases debarment from doing government business, any of which could have a material effect on our business. 

20 

Table of Contents

Commercial real estate market conditions could affect our ability to sublease properties in our portfolio.

We implemented facility exit plans in each of the last six fiscal years as part of our ongoing efforts to consolidate excess facilities. The commercial
real estate market conditions in the United States and in many of the countries in which we have significant leased properties have resulted in a surplus of business facilities making it difficult to sublease properties. We may be unable to sublease
our excess properties, or we may not meet our expected estimated levels of sublease income, and, accordingly, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Environmental laws and regulations subject us to a number of risks and could result in significant liabilities and costs. 

Some of our operations are subject to state, federal and international laws governing protection of the environment, human health and safety, and regulating the use of certain chemical substances. We endeavor to comply with these
environmental laws, yet compliance with such laws could increase our operations and product costs; increase the complexities of product design, development, procurement and manufacture; limit our ability to manage excess and obsolete non-compliant
inventory; limit our sales activities; and impact our future financial results. Any violation of these laws can subject us to significant liability, including fines, penalties, and possible prohibition of sales of our products into one or more
states or countries, and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Currently, a significant portion of our revenues come from
international sales. Recent environmental legislation within the European Union (EU), including the EU Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) and the EU Directive on Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS), as well as
China’s regulation on Management Methods for Controlling Pollution Caused by Electronic Information Products (“China RoHS”), may increase our cost of doing business internationally and impact our revenues from EU countries and China
as we endeavor to comply with and implement these requirements. 

In addition, similar environmental legislation has been or may be enacted in other
jurisdictions, including the U.S. (under federal and state laws), Japan, Canada, Korea and certain Latin American countries, the cumulative impact of which could be significant. We are committed to offering products that are environmentally
responsible and to complying with any current or future laws protecting the environment, human health and safety. 

Our business may suffer if it is
alleged or found that we or our contractors have violated data privacy or confidentiality obligations. 

Compliance with a variety of domestic and
foreign laws and regulations related to data privacy, as well as various contractual obligations related to confidentiality, increase our cost of doing business. Such obligations include regulations related to the protection of various types of data
and information, such as personal healthcare information, personally identifiable information and other confidential information. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these obligations, there can be no
assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will not take actions in violation of our policies. Further, our ability to comply with these
obligations may depend upon future investments in systems and processes, and such investments may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. Failure to comply with these obligations, or even
allegations that we have failed to comply with these obligations, may also cause a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

Our stock price can be volatile. 

Our stock price, like that of other technology companies, can be volatile. For
example, our stock price can be affected by many factors such as quarterly increases or decreases in our earnings, speculation in the investment community about our financial condition or results of operations and changes in revenue or earnings
estimates, downgrades in our credit ratings, announcement of new products, technological developments, alliances, acquisitions or divestitures by us or one of our competitors or the loss of key management personnel. In addition, general
macroeconomic and market conditions unrelated to our financial performance may also affect our stock price. 

Internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations. 

Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to provide a
report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management’s assessment of the effectiveness of such control. Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent
limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of
financial statements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their
implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations, and there could be a material adverse effect on our stock price. 

21 

Table of Contents