Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting our
operating results and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, the loss of our competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer
customer orders, reduced revenues, reduced margins, reduced levels of profitability and loss of market share. 

We compete in the computer systems
(hardware and software) and storage (hardware and software) products and services markets. These markets are intensely competitive. If we fail to compete successfully in these markets, the demand for our products and services would decrease. Any
reduction in demand could lead to fewer customer orders, reduced revenues, pricing pressures, reduced margins, reduced levels of profitability and loss of market share. These competitive pressures could materially and adversely affect our business
and operating results. 

Our competitors are some of the largest, most successful companies in the world. They include International Business Machines
Corporation (IBM), Hewlett-Packard Company (HP), EMC Corporation (EMC), Fujitsu Limited (Fujitsu), Hitachi Data Systems, Inc. and the Fujitsu-Siemens joint venture. We also compete with systems manufacturers and resellers of systems based on
microprocessors from Intel Corporation (Intel), the Windows family of operating systems software from Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft) and the Linux family of operating systems software. These competitors include Dell Inc. (Dell) and HP, in
addition to Intel and Microsoft. Certain of these competitors compete aggressively on price and seek to maintain very low cost structures. Some of these competitors are seeking to increase their market share in the enterprise server market, which
creates increased pressure, including pricing pressure, on our workstation and lower-end server product lines. In particular, we are seeing increased competition and pricing pressures from competitors offering systems running Linux software and
other open source software. In addition, certain of our competitors, including IBM and HP, have financial and human resources that are substantially greater than ours, which increases the competitive pressures we face. These competitors also have
significant installed bases, and it can be very difficult to win a new customer that has made significant investments in a competitor’s platform. 

15 

Table of Contents

Customers make buying decisions based on many factors, including among other things, new product and service offerings
and features; product performance and quality; availability and quality of support and other services; price; platform; interoperability with hardware and software of other vendors; quality; reliability, security features and availability of
products; breadth of product line; ease of doing business; a vendor’s ability to adapt to customers’ changing requirements; responsiveness to shifts in the marketplace; business model (e.g., utility computing, subscription-based software
usage, consolidation versus outsourcing); contractual terms and conditions; vendor reputation and vendor viability. As competition increases, each factor on which we compete becomes more important and the lack of competitive advantage with respect
to one or more of these factors could lead to a loss of competitive position, resulting in fewer customer orders, reduced revenues, reduced margins, reduced levels of profitability and loss of market share. We expect competitive pressure to remain
intense. 

Fujitsu and its subsidiaries have, for many years, been key strategic channel partners for Sun, distributing substantial quantities of our
products throughout the world. In addition, on May 31, 2004, we entered into a number of agreements with Fujitsu intended to substantially increase the scope of our relationship with them, including through collaborative selling efforts and
joint development and marketing of a future generation of server products. However, Fujitsu is also a competitor of Sun and, as a licensee of various technologies from Sun and others, it has developed products that currently compete directly with
our products. 

Over the last several years, we have invested significantly in our storage products business, including through the acquisition of
StorageTek, with a view to increasing the sales of these products both on a stand-alone basis to customers using the systems of our competitors, and as part of the systems that we sell. The storage products business is intensely competitive. EMC is
currently a leader in the Data Management products market and our primary competitor. 

We are continuing the implementation of a solution-based selling
approach. While we believe that strategy will enable us to increase our revenues and margins, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in this approach. In fact, our implementation of this selling model may result in reductions in our
revenues and/or margins, particularly in the short term, as we compete to attract business. In addition, if our emphasis on solution-based sales increases, we face strong competition from systems integrators such as IBM, Fujitsu-Siemens and HP. Our
inability to successfully implement this model would have a material adverse impact on our revenues and margins. 

We maintain higher research and
development costs, as a percentage of total net revenues, than many of our competitors and our earnings are dependent upon maintaining revenues and gross margins at a sufficient level to offset these costs. 

One of our business strategies is to derive a competitive advantage and a resulting enhancement of our gross margins from our investment in innovative new technologies
which customers value. As a result, as a percentage of total net revenues, we incur higher fixed R&D costs than many of our competitors. To the extent that we are unable to develop and sell products with attractive gross margins in sufficient
volumes, our earnings may be materially and adversely affected by our cost structure. We continue to add new products to our entry-level server product line that are offered at a lower price point and that may provide us with a lower gross margin
percentage than our products as a whole. Although our strategy is to sell these products as part of overall systems which include other products with higher gross margin percentages, to the extent that the mix of our overall revenues represented by
sales of lower gross margin products increases, our gross margins and earnings may be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, one of our business
strategies is to grow incremental revenue through recurring service models, such as subscriptions, leasing and pay-per-use. Under these recurring service models, we would recognize revenue for the contract over time or based upon usage rather than
all at once upon the initial sale of a hardware or software product. However, if we increase our recurring service model base either while (1) not maintaining or increasing our point product sales; or (2) not growing them sufficiently to
cover the decline in point product sales, we will incur a near-term reduction in our revenues, as revenues that ordinarily would have been recognized upon the initial sale of products will be deferred until future periods, which would have a
material adverse effect on our revenues, gross margins and earnings. 

The products we make are very complex. If we are unable to rapidly and
successfully develop and introduce new products and manage our inventory, we will not be able to satisfy customer demand. 

We operate in a highly
competitive, quickly changing environment, and our future success depends on our ability to develop and introduce new products that our customers choose to buy. If we are unable to develop new products, our business and operating results could be
adversely affected. We must quickly develop, introduce, and deliver in quantity new, complex systems, software, and hardware products and components. These include products that incorporate certain UltraSPARC microprocessors and the Solaris
Operating System (Solaris OS), the Java platform, Sun Java System portfolio and Sun N1 Grid architecture, among others. The development process for these complicated products is very uncertain. It requires high levels of innovation from both our
product designers and the suppliers of the components used in our products. The development process 

16 

Table of Contents

is also lengthy and costly. If we fail to accurately anticipate our customers’ needs and technological trends, or are otherwise unable to complete the
development of a product on a timely basis, we will be unable to introduce new products into the market on a timely basis, if at all, and our business and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. 

The manufacture and introduction of our new products is also a complicated process. Once we have developed a new product, we face several challenges in the manufacturing
process. We must be able to manufacture new products in sufficient volumes so that we can have an adequate supply of new products to meet customer demand. We must also be able to manufacture the new products at acceptable costs. This requires us to
be able to accurately forecast customer demand so that we can procure the appropriate components at optimal costs. Forecasting demand requires us to predict order volumes, the correct mix of our products, and the correct configurations of these
products. We must manage new product introductions and transitions to minimize the impact of customer-delayed purchases of existing products in anticipation of new product releases. We must also try to reduce the levels of older product and
component inventories to minimize inventory write-offs. If we have excess inventory, it may be necessary to reduce our prices or write down inventory, which could result in lower gross margins. Additionally, our customers may delay orders for
existing products in anticipation of new product introductions. As a result, we may decide to adjust prices of our existing products during this process to try to increase customer demand for these products. Our future operating results would be
materially and adversely affected if such pricing adjustments were to occur and we were unable to mitigate the resulting margin pressure by maintaining a favorable mix of systems, software, service and other products, or if we were unsuccessful in
achieving component cost reductions, operating efficiencies and increasing sales volumes. 

If we are unable to timely develop, manufacture, and introduce
new products in sufficient quantity to meet customer demand at acceptable costs, or if we are unable to correctly anticipate customer demand for our new and existing products, our business and operating results could be materially adversely
affected. 

We face numerous risks associated with our strategic alliance with Fujitsu. 

On May 31, 2004, we entered into a number of agreements with Fujitsu intended to substantially increase the scope of our relationship with them. These agreements contemplate collaborative sales and marketing
efforts and the joint development and manufacturing of a future generation of server products known as the Advanced Product Line (APL). We anticipate that the APL will ultimately replace a portion of our server product line. In addition, the
agreements contemplate that Sun and Fujitsu dedicate substantial financial and human resources to this new relationship. As such, our future performance and financial condition may be impacted by the success or failure of this relationship.

Joint development and marketing of a complex new product line is an inherently difficult undertaking and is subject to numerous risks. If we do not satisfy
certain development or supply obligations under the agreements, or if we otherwise violate the terms of the agreements, we may be subject to significant contractual or legal penalties. Further, if Fujitsu encounters any of a number of potential
problems in its business, such as intellectual property infringement claims, supply difficulties, difficulties in meeting development milestones or financial challenges, these could impact our strategic relationship with them and could result in a
material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

The contractual arrangements contain objectives and deliverables that are to be concluded
in the near term, known in the agreements as the “Interim Period.” At the time the alliance was formed, the Interim Period commitments were believed to be foundational to the overall alliance and, unless those commitments are waived or
modified, failure to achieve those commitments could place the overall alliance at risk. 

There can be no assurance that our strategic relationship with
Fujitsu will be successful or that the economic terms of the agreements establishing the relationship will ultimately prove to be favorable to us. If any of the risks described above come to pass, they may result in a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We have licensed significant elements of our intellectual property, including our Solaris
Operating System, as open source software and intend to license additional intellectual property in the future under open source licenses, which could reduce the competitive advantage we derive from this intellectual property. 

We have released significant elements of our intellectual property, including the Solaris OS, the Java Enterprise System infrastructure software platform, the Sun N1
Management software and various developer tools, to the open source development community as open source software under an open source license and have made the hardware source code of our UltraSPARC T1 processor available under an open source
license. We have also announced an intention to release our Java SE and Java ME technologies under an open source license. Although open source licensing models vary, generally open source software licenses permit the liberal copying, modification
and distribution of a software program allowing a diverse programming community to contribute to the software. As a result of such release, there could be an impact on revenue related to this intellectual property, and we may no longer be able to
exercise control over some aspects of the future development of this 

17 

Table of Contents

intellectual property. In particular, the feature set and functionality of the Solaris OS may diverge from those that best serve our strategic objectives,
move in directions in which we do not have competitive expertise or fork into multiple, potentially incompatible variations. We currently derive a significant competitive advantage from our development, licensing and sale of the Solaris OS and
system products based on the UltraSPARC family of microprocessors, and any of these events could reduce our competitive advantage or impact market demand for our products, software and services. In addition, disclosing the content of our source code
could limit the intellectual property protection we can obtain or maintain for that source code or the products containing that source code and could facilitate intellectual property infringement claims against Sun. 

Our reliance on single source suppliers could delay product shipments and increase our costs. 

We depend on many suppliers for the necessary parts and components to manufacture our products. There are a number of vendors producing the parts and components that we need. However, there are some components that
can only be purchased from a single vendor due to price, quality, technology or other business constraints. For example, we currently depend on Texas Instruments for the manufacture of our UltraSPARC microprocessors, AMD for the Opteron processors
used in our Sun Fire x64 servers, Imation for tape media used in certain tape storage products and several other companies for custom integrated circuits. If we were unable to purchase on acceptable terms or experienced significant delays or quality
issues in the delivery of necessary parts and/or components from a particular vendor and we had to find a new supplier for these parts and components, our new and existing product shipments could be delayed which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of
components to meet the demands of our customers. 

We depend heavily on our suppliers to design, manufacture, and deliver on a timely basis the necessary
components for our products. While many of the components we purchase are standard, we do purchase some components, including color monitors, custom power supplies, application specific integrated circuits (ASICs) and custom memory and graphics
devices, that require long lead times to manufacture and deliver. Long lead times make it difficult for us to plan component inventory levels in order to meet the customer demand for our products. In addition, in the past, we have experienced
shortages in certain of our components (including, ASICs, dynamic random access memories (DRAMs) and static random access memories (SRAMs)). If a component delivery from a supplier is delayed, if we experience a shortage in one or more components,
or if we are unable to provide for adequate levels of component inventory, our new and existing product shipments could be delayed and our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

Because we may order components from suppliers in advance of receipt of customer orders for our products which include these components, we could face a material
inventory risk. 

As part of our component planning, we place orders with or pay certain suppliers for components in advance of receipt of customer
orders. We occasionally enter into negotiated orders with vendors early in the manufacturing process of our microprocessors to make sure we have enough of these components for our new products to meet anticipated customer demand. Because the design
and manufacturing process for these components is very complicated it is possible that we could experience a design or manufacturing flaw that could delay or even prevent the production of the components for which we have previously committed to
pay. We also face the risk of ordering too many components, or conversely, not enough components, since supply orders are generally based on forecasts of customer orders rather than actual customer orders. In addition, in some cases, we make
noncancelable order commitments to our suppliers for work-in-progress, supplier’s finished goods, custom sub-assemblies and Sun unique raw materials that are necessary to meet our lead times for finished goods. If we cannot change or be
released from supply orders, we could incur costs from the purchase of unusable components, either due to a delay in the production of the components or other supplies or as a result of inaccurately predicting supply orders in advance of customer
orders. Our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected as a result of these increased costs. 

Delays in product
development or customer acceptance and implementation of new products and technologies could seriously harm our business. 

Generally, the computer
systems we sell to customers incorporate various hardware and software products that we sell, such as UltraSPARC microprocessors, various software elements, from the Solaris OS to the Java platform, Sun Java System portfolio, Sun N1 Grid, the SL8500
modular library system and Sun StorEdge array products. Any delay in the development, delivery or acceptance of key elements of the hardware or software included in our systems could delay our shipment of these systems. Delays in the development and
introduction of our products may occur for various reasons. 

In addition, if customers decided to delay the adoption and implementation of new releases of
our Solaris OS, this could also delay customer acceptance of new hardware products tied to that release. Implementing a new release of an operating 

18 

Table of Contents

environment requires a great deal of time and money for a customer to convert its systems to the new release. The customer must also work with software
vendors who port their software applications to the new operating system and make sure these applications will run on the new operating system. As a result, customers may decide to delay their adoption of a new release of an operating system because
of the cost of a new system and the effort involved to implement it. Such delays in product development and customer acceptance and implementation of new products could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Our products may have quality issues that could adversely affect our sales and reputation. 

In the course of conducting our business, we experience and address quality issues. Some of our hardware and software products contain defects, including defects in our engineering, design and manufacturing processes,
as well as defects in third-party components included in our products, which may be beyond our control. Often defects are identified during our design, development and manufacturing processes and we are able to correct many of these. Sometimes
defects are identified after introduction and shipment of new products or enhancements to existing products. 

When a quality issue is identified, we work
extensively with our customers to remedy such issues. We may test the affected product to determine the root cause of the problem and to determine appropriate solutions. We may find an appropriate solution (often called a “patch”) or offer
a temporary fix while a permanent solution is being determined. If we are unable to determine the root cause, find an appropriate solution or offer a temporary fix, we may delay shipment to customers. We may, however, ship products while we continue
to explore a suitable solution if we believe the defect is not significant to the product’s functionality. Defects in our products can harm our reputation, delay or prevent sales, result in significant expense and could materially and adversely
affect our business. 

Our international customers and operations subject us to a number of risks. 

Currently, more than half of our revenues come from international sales. In addition, a portion of our operations consists of manufacturing and sales activities outside
of the U.S. Our ability to sell our products and conduct our operations internationally is subject to a number of risks. Local economic, political and labor conditions in each country could adversely affect demand for our products and services or
disrupt our operations in these markets. We may also experience reduced intellectual property protection or longer and more challenging collection cycles as a result of different customary business practices in certain countries where we do business
which could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. Currency fluctuations could also materially and adversely affect our business in a number of ways. Although we take steps to reduce or eliminate certain
foreign currency exposures that can be identified or quantified, we may incur currency translation losses as a result of our international operations. Further, in the event that currency fluctuations cause our products to become more expensive in
overseas markets in local currencies, there could be a reduction in demand for our products or we could lower our pricing in some or all of these markets resulting in reduced revenue and margins. Alternatively, a weakening dollar could result in
greater costs to us for our overseas operations. Changes to and compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations may increase our cost of doing business in these jurisdictions. Trade protection measures and import and export licensing
requirements subject us to additional regulation and may prevent us from shipping products to a particular market, and increase our operating costs. In addition, we could be subject to regulations, fines and penalties for violations of import and
export regulations. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of
our business operations, including those based in or from countries where practices which violate such United States laws may be customary, will not take actions in violations of our policies. These violations could result in penalties, including
prohibiting us from exporting our products to one or more countries, and could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Moreover, local laws and
customs in many countries differ significantly from those in the U.S. We incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our international operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with
local laws and regulations, which may be substantially different from those in the United States. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common for local business people to engage in business practices that
violate their local laws and that are prohibited by United States laws applicable to us such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement policies, training, and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be
no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as our resellers and those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, including those based in or from countries where practices which violate such
United States laws may be common, will not engage in actions which violate the law or our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Failure to successfully implement our global resourcing activities could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We continuously seek to make our cost structure more efficient and focus on our core strengths. We continue to develop and implement our global resourcing strategy and
operating model which includes activities that are focused on increasing workforce flexibility and scalability, and improving overall competitiveness by leveraging external talent and skills worldwide. 

19 

Table of Contents

We rely on partners or third party service providers for the provision of certain key business process functions, including IT services and the human
resources function, and as a result, we may incur increased business continuity risks. We may no longer be able to exercise control over some aspects of the future development, support or maintenance of outsourced operations and processes, including
the internal controls associated with those outsourced business operations and processes, which could adversely affect our business. If we are unable to effectively develop and implement our resourcing strategy due to, among other things, data
protection, contract and regulatory compliance issues, we may not realize cost structure efficiencies and our operating and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. Given the uncertainty in forecasting and other variables,
actual financial impact from outsourcing may materially differ from our projections. In addition, if we are unable to effectively utilize or integrate and interoperate with external resources or if our partners or third party service providers
experience business difficulties or are unable to provide business process services as anticipated, we may need to seek alternative service providers or resume providing these business processes internally, which could be costly and time consuming
and have a material adverse material effect on our operating and financial results. 

We expect our quarterly revenues, cash flows and operating results
to fluctuate for a number of reasons. 

Future operating results and cash flows will continue to be subject to quarterly fluctuations based on a wide
variety of factors, including: 

Seasonality.    Although our sales and other operating results can be influenced by a number of
factors and historical results are not necessarily indicative of future results, our sequential quarterly operating results generally fluctuate downward in the first and third quarters of each fiscal year when compared with the immediately preceding
quarter. 

Linearity.    Our quarterly sales have historically reflected a pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of such
quarter’s total revenues occur in the last month of the quarter. This pattern can make prediction of revenues, earnings and working capital for each financial period difficult and uncertain and increase the risk of unanticipated variations in
quarterly results and financial condition. 

Foreign Currency Fluctuations.    As a large portion of our business takes place
outside of the U.S., we enter into transactions in other currencies. Although we employ various hedging strategies, we are exposed to changes in exchange rates, which causes fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. See Part I, Item 3.
“Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk — Foreign Currency Exchange Risk.” 

Deferred Tax
Assets.    Estimates and judgments are required in the calculation of certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the recoverability of certain of the deferred tax assets, which arise from net operating losses, tax
carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. SFAS 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes,” also requires that the deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance, if
based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. 

In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in
the most recent fiscal years and our forecast of future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. In determining future taxable income, we are responsible for the assumptions utilized including the amount of state, federal and
international pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are
consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. Cumulative losses incurred in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions in recent years and insufficient forecasted future taxable income in certain other
foreign jurisdictions represented sufficient negative evidence to require full and partial valuation allowances in these jurisdictions. We have established a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets in these jurisdictions, which will
remain until sufficient positive evidence exists to support reversal. Future reversals or increases to our valuation allowance could have a significant impact on our future earnings. 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.    We perform an analysis on our goodwill balances to test for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events occur that may indicate impairment
possibly exists. Goodwill is deemed to be impaired if the net book value of the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value. The impairment of a long-lived intangible asset is only deemed to have occurred if the sum of the forecasted
undiscounted future cash flows related to the asset are less than the carrying value of the intangible asset we are testing for impairment. If the forecasted cash flows are less than the carrying value, then we must write down the carrying value to
its estimated fair value. We recognized an impairment charge of $70 million related to acquired intangible assets during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006; an impairment charge of $49 million related to our goodwill during the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2004. As of June 30, 2006, we had a goodwill balance of $2,610 million. Going forward we will continue to review our goodwill and other intangible assets for possible impairment. Any additional impairment charges could adversely affect
our future earnings. 

20 

Table of Contents

Income tax laws and regulations subject us to a number of risks and could result in significant liabilities and costs.

As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and foreign tax
liabilities are subject to the allocation of revenues and expenses in different jurisdictions. Additionally, the amount of income taxes paid is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are
regularly subject to audits by tax authorities. While we endeavor to comply with all applicable income tax laws, there can be no assurance that a governing tax authority will not have a different interpretation of the law than we do or that we will
comply in all respects with applicable tax laws, which could result in additional taxes. We regularly review the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax audits to determine if additional income taxes, penalties and interest would be
assessed. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these audits will not have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations in the period for which the review is made. 

We are dependent on significant customers and specific industries. 

Sales to General Electric Company (GE) and its subsidiaries in the aggregate accounted for approximately 15%, 16%, and 14% of our fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004 net revenues, respectively. More than 70% of the revenue attributed to GE was
generated through GE subsidiaries acting as either a reseller or financier of our products. The vast majority of this revenue is from a single GE subsidiary, comprising 11%, 13%, and 11% of net revenues in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.
This GE subsidiary acts as a distributor of our products to resellers who in turn sell those products to end users. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of net revenues. The revenues from GE are generated in the Products and Services
segments. 

We also depend on the telecommunications, financial services and government sectors for a significant portion of our revenues. Our revenues are
dependent on the level of technology capital spending in the U.S. and international economies. If capital spending declines in these industries over an extended period of time, our business will continue to be materially and adversely affected. We
continue to execute on our strategy to reduce our dependence on these industries by expanding our product reach into new industries, but no assurance can be given that this strategy will be successful. 

We are dependent upon our channel partners for a significant portion of our revenues. 

Our channel partners include distributors, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), independent software vendors (ISVs), system integrators, service providers and resellers. We continue to see an increase in revenues
via our reseller channel. We face ongoing business risks due to our reliance on our channel partners to maintain customer relationships and create customer demand with customers where we have no direct relationships. Should our relationships with
our channel partners or their effectiveness decline, we face risk of declining demand which could affect our results of operations. 

Our business may
suffer if it is alleged or found that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. 

From time to time we have been notified that we may
be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of others. Responding to such claims, regardless of their merit, can be time consuming, result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources and cause us to
incur significant expenses. There are often several pending claims in various stages of evaluation at any particular time. From time to time, we consider the desirability of entering into licensing agreements in certain of these claims. No assurance
can be given that licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. In the event there is a temporary or permanent injunction entered prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our products, or a successful
claim of infringement against us requiring us to pay royalties to a third party, and we fail to license such technology on acceptable terms and conditions or to develop or license a substitute technology, our business, results of operations or
financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Our acquisition, divestiture and alliance activities could disrupt our ongoing business and
subject us to significant risks. 

We expect to continue to make investments in companies, products, and technologies, either through acquisitions or
investments or alliances. For example, we have purchased several companies in the past, including StorageTek and SeeBeyond, and have also formed alliances, such as our strategic relationship with Fujitsu for the development, manufacturing and
marketing of server products and our OEM relationship with Hitachi Data Systems for the collaboration on, and delivery of, a broad range of storage products and services. We also rely on IT services partners and independent software developers to
enhance the value to our customers of our products and services. Acquisitions and alliance activities often involve risks, including: (1) difficulty in assimilating the acquired operations and employees; (2) difficulty in managing product
co-development activities with our alliance partners; (3) retaining the key employees of the acquired operation; (4) disruption of our or the acquired company’s ongoing business; (5) inability to successfully integrate the
acquired technology and operations into our business and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies, and procedures; and (6) lacking the experience to enter into new product or technology markets. In particular, although the acquisitions of
StorageTek and SeeBeyond were completed in August 2005, the full operational and legal integration of certain non-US subsidiaries of SeeBeyond and StorageTek into Sun has been delayed due in 

21 

Table of Contents

part to compliance with local laws in certain jurisdictions. We are also still in the process of fully integrating the US operations of StorageTek and
SeeBeyond into our operations. If we fail to successfully address integration challenges in a timely manner, or at all, we may not realize the anticipated benefits or synergies of the transactions to the extent, or in the time frame, anticipated.
Even if these acquisitions are successfully integrated, we may not receive the expected benefits of the transactions, which are based on forecasts which are subject to numerous assumptions which may prove to be inaccurate. Any one of these
integration challenges or any combination thereof could materially affect our results of operations. In addition, from time to time, our competitors acquire or enter into exclusive arrangements with companies with whom we do business or may do
business in the future. Reductions in the number of partners with whom we may do business in a particular context may reduce our ability to enter into critical alliances on attractive terms or at all, and the termination of an existing alliance by a
business partner may disrupt our operations. 

From time to time we evaluate our products and service offerings and may adjust our strategic priorities by
reducing investment in or divesting certain business operations. Decisions to eliminate or divest certain business operations may involve a number of risks, including the diversion of management’s attention, significant costs and expenses, the
assumption of contractual obligations, realization of losses, facility consolidation, the loss or disruption of customer relationships, the loss of employees, the elimination of revenues along with associated costs and the disruption of operations
in the affected business or related businesses, any of which could cause our operating results to decline and may fail to yield the expected benefits. 

We may be materially affected by a decrease in demand for our tape products or by an inability to maintain key competitive advantages in tape. 

As a result of the acquisition of StorageTek, a significant portion of storage products revenue is generated by sales of our tape products. If overall demand for tape storage products declines, or if we lose significant market share in
tape, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected. 

One of the key competitive advantages that our tape products have
over competing disk products is that tape products store data at a fraction of the price of disk storage. The price of disk storage continues to decrease rapidly due to competition and decreasing manufacturing costs associated with new disk drive
technologies such as ATA disk. We must continue to develop and introduce new tape products that reduce the cost of tape storage at a rate that is similar to or greater than the decline in disk storage costs in order to maintain this competitive
advantage. For a discussion of risk associated with new products, see “The products we make are very complex. If we are unable to rapidly and successfully develop and introduce new products and manage our inventory, we will not be able to
satisfy customer demand,” above. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to reduce the price of our tape products at a rate similar to the decline in disk storage costs. 

Credit rating downgrades could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Three credit rating agencies follow Sun. Fitch Ratings has rated us BBB-, which is an investment grade rating. Moody’s Investor Services has assigned us a non-investment grade rating of Ba1. Standard &
Poor’s has assigned us a long-term non-investment grade rating of BB+ and a short-term investment-grade rating of A-3. All three credit rating agencies have placed us on stable outlook. These ratings reflect those credit agencies’
expectations that the intense competitive environment facing Sun in its core markets will continue to challenge Sun’s revenue and profitability, at least over the near term. If we were to be downgraded by these ratings agencies, such downgrades
could increase our costs of obtaining, or make it more difficult to obtain or issue, new debt financing. In addition, downgrades could affect our interest rate swap agreements that we use to modify the interest characteristics of any new debt. Any
of these events could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We depend on key employees and face competition in hiring
and retaining qualified employees. 

Our employees are vital to our success, and our key management, engineering, and other employees are difficult to
replace. We generally do not have employment contracts with our key employees. Further, we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our employees. Because our compensation packages include equity-based incentives, pressure on our stock
price could affect our ability to offer competitive compensation packages to current employees. In addition, we must continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals, which may be difficult due to morale challenges
posed by our workforce reductions, global resourcing strategies and related uncertainties. Should these conditions continue, we may not be able to retain highly qualified employees in the future which could adversely affect our business. 

Our use of a self-insurance program to cover certain claims for losses suffered and costs or expenses incurred could negatively impact our business upon the
occurrence of an uninsured event. 

Sun is insured by third-party insurers for certain potential liabilities, including worker’s compensation,
general liability, automobile liability, employer’s liability, errors and omissions liability, employment practices liability, property, cargo and 

22 

Table of Contents

crime and directors and officers liability. We have, however, adopted a program of self-insurance with regard to certain risks such as California earthquakes
and for certain potential liabilities including, but not limited to general liability, directors and officers liability, workers compensation, errors and omissions liability, property and employee life insurance. Effective July 1, 2006, we
reduced certain types of third-party insurance coverage of our directors and officers such that we now self-insure for all indemnification or defense payments we, as a company, may make to or on behalf of our directors and officers as a result of
obligations under applicable agreements, Sun’s bylaws and applicable law. As our indemnification obligations to directors and officers are substantial, the elimination of third-party coverage of our directors and officers liability insurance
could adversely affect Sun’s financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and results of operations if a material claim or loss occurred. We self-insure when we believe the lack of availability and high cost of commercially available insurance
products do not make the transfer of this risk a reasonable approach. In the event that the frequency of losses experienced by Sun increased unexpectedly, the aggregate of such losses could materially increase our liability and adversely affect our
financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, because the insurance market continues to limit the availability of certain insurance products and because the costs of certain products continue to increase, we will
continue to evaluate the types and magnitudes of claims we include in our self-insurance program. Additions and changes to this self insurance program may increase our risk exposure and therefore increase the risk of a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, we have made certain judgments as to the limits on our existing insurance coverage that we believe are in line with industry standards, as well as in light of
economic and product availability considerations. Unforeseen catastrophic loss scenarios could prove our limits to be inadequate, and losses incurred in connection with the known claims we self-insure could be substantial. Either of these
circumstances could materially adversely affect our financial and business condition. 

Business interruptions could adversely affect our business.

Our operations and those of our suppliers are vulnerable to interruption by fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks
and other events beyond our control. A substantial portion of our facilities, including our corporate headquarters and other critical business operations, are located near major earthquake faults. In addition, some of our facilities are located on
filled land and, therefore, may be more susceptible to damage if an earthquake occurs. We generally do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses. In addition, we do not carry business interruption insurance for, nor do we
carry financial reserves against, business interruptions arising from earthquakes or certain other events. If a business interruption occurs, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our failure to comply with contractual obligations may result in significant penalties. 

We offer terms to some of our distributors and other customers that, in some cases, include complex provisions for pricing, data protection and other terms. In connection with these contracts, we are in some cases
required to allow the customer to audit certain of our records to verify compliance with these terms. In particular, government agency customers audit and investigate government contractors, including us. These agencies review our performance under
the applicable contracts as well as compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. The government also may review the adequacy of, and our compliance with, contractual obligations, our internal control systems and policies, including
our purchasing, property, estimating, compensation, management information systems and data protection requirements. If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to penalties and other sanctions. In addition, we could
suffer serious harm to our reputation if allegations of impropriety were made against us. The General Services Administration is currently auditing the schedule contract it has with us. 

Our sales to U.S. governmental agencies may suffer if our primary GSA schedule contract expires. 

A portion of the
revenue generated from our U.S. government customers derived from our primary contract with the GSA. It is the general practice of government agencies to renegotiate contracts with commercial companies, such as ours, upon expiration. Our primary GSA
schedule contract expires on September 11, 2006. Although we are continuing negotiations with the GSA, these negotiations may not result in a new contract. Sales to U.S. government customers may continue through resellers or under direct
contracts with specific agencies; however, the revenue resulting from these arrangements may be less than past revenues under the GSA schedule contract, and sales through resellers may generate reduced margins. 

Some of our Restructuring Plans may not result in the anticipated cost saving and benefits. 

Since March 2004, our Board of Directors and our management approved Restructuring Plans IV, V and VI. Our ability to achieve the cost savings and operating efficiencies anticipated by these restructuring plans is
dependent on our ability to effectively implement the workforce and excess capacity reductions contemplated. If we are unable to implement these initiatives effectively, we may not achieve the level of cost savings and efficiency benefits expected
for fiscal 2007 and beyond. 

23 

Table of Contents

Commercial real estate market conditions could affect our ability to sublease properties in our portfolio.

We implemented facility exit plans in each of the last six fiscal years as part of our ongoing efforts to consolidate excess facilities. The commercial
real estate market conditions in the United States and in many of the countries in which we have significant leased properties have resulted in a surplus of business facilities making it difficult to sublease properties. We may be unable to sublease
our excess properties, or we may not meet our expected estimated levels of sublease income, and accordingly our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Environmental laws and regulations subject us to a number of risks and could result in significant liabilities and costs. 

Some of our operations are subject to state, federal, and international laws governing protection of the environment, human health and safety, and regulating the use of certain chemical substances. We endeavor to comply with these
environmental laws, yet compliance with such laws could increase our operations and product costs; increase the complexities of product design, procurement, and manufacture; limit our ability to manage excess and obsolete non-compliant inventory;
limit our sales activities; and impact our future financial results. Any violation of these laws can subject us to significant liability, including fines, penalties, and prohibiting sales of our products into one or more states or countries, and
result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Currently, a significant portion of our revenues come from international sales. Recent
environmental legislation within the European Union (EU) may increase our cost of doing business internationally and impact our revenues from EU countries as we comply with and implement these new requirements. 

In addition, similar environmental legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including the U.S. (under federal and state laws), China, Japan, Canada,
Korea and certain Latin American countries, the cumulative impact of which could be significant. We are committed to offering products that are environmentally responsible and to complying with any current or future laws protecting the environment,
human health and safety. 

We may not realize the economic return expected from the acquired in-process research and development (IPRD). 

During fiscal 2006, we recorded total in-process research and development expense of $60 million related to our acquisitions of StorageTek and SeeBeyond. At the time
of the acquisitions, we believed there was a reasonable chance of realizing the economic return expected from the acquired in-process technology. However, as there is risk associated with the realization of benefits related to commercialization of
an in-process project due to rapidly changing customer needs, the complexity of technology, and growing competitive pressures, there can be no assurance that any project will meet commercial success. Failure to successfully commercialize an
in-process project would result in the loss of the expected economic return inherent in the fair value allocation. Additionally, the value of our intangible assets may become impaired. 

Our ongoing restructuring plans may also impact the expected economic return from acquired in-process technology. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, as a result of our Phase VI restructuring activities, we
exited certain StorageTek product lines comprising $9 million of the total $49 million assigned to IPRD as of the acquisition date. Future economic benefits for these IPRD projects will not be realized. 

Our stock price can be volatile. 

Our stock price, like that of other
technology companies, continues to be volatile. For example, our stock price can be affected by many factors such as quarterly increases or decreases in our earnings, speculation in the investment community about our financial condition or results
of operations and changes in revenue or earnings estimates, downgrades in our credit ratings, announcement of new products, technological developments, alliances, acquisitions or divestitures by us or one of our competitors or the loss of key
management personnel. In addition, general macroeconomic and market conditions unrelated to our financial performance may also affect our stock price. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report, including the foregoing sections, contains forward-looking statements, particularly
statements regarding: Sun’s vision and business strategy; future investments in companies, products and technologies; the environmental impact of our technologies; the expansion of our direct ship capabilities; our ability to secure licenses to
third-party technology on commercially reasonable terms; the effect on us of pending litigation matters and intellectual property claims; our plans to eliminate excess facility capacity; estimates of future sublease income to be generated from
sublease contracts not yet negotiated; estimated future restructuring liabilities; expected operating cost savings; expectations regarding future severance payments; expected cash flow from operations for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2007;
future payments to settle the current portion of our Senior notes; the utilization and funding of the StorageTek workforce reduction assumed liabilities; our belief that 

24 

Table of Contents

the final outcome of an Internal Revenue Service examination of our tax returns filed for fiscal years 2001 and 2002 will not have a material affect on our
results of operations; and our belief that the liquidity provided by existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable debt securities and cash generated from operations will provide sufficient capital to meet our requirements for at least the next 12
months. 

These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and the cautionary statements set forth above and those contained in “RISK
FACTORS,” identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in any such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, increased competition; increased pricing
pressures; failure to maintain sufficient revenues and gross margin to offset our higher research and development costs; the complexity of our products and the importance of rapidly and successfully developing and introducing new products; failure
associated with the Fujitsu strategic alliance; reduction in the competitive advantages we derive from certain elements of our intellectual property, including the Solaris operating system, the Java Enterprise System infrastructure software
platform, the N1 Management software, the UltraSPARC TI hardware source code and various developer tools, as a result of licensing such intellectual property under open source licenses to the open source development community; reliance on single
source suppliers; lack of acceptance of new products and services; unexpected changes in the demand for our products and services; the difficulties in forecasting demand for and obtaining adequate supply of components from suppliers; delays in
product introductions and projects; lack of success implementing new selling models; failure to further reduce costs or improve operating efficiencies; adverse business conditions; quality issues associated with our hardware or software products;
the effects of currency fluctuations; fluctuation in our quarterly revenues, cash flows and operating results; our dependence on significant customers and specific industries; our dependence upon our channel partners for a significant portion of our
revenue; our failure to comply with export control laws; disruptions on our ongoing business caused by our acquisitions and alliance activities; our failure to fully integrate StorageTek into our operations; our reliance on tape storage products and
our ability to retain our price advantage over disk storage products; our dependence upon key employees; that commercial real estate market conditions could affect our ability to sublease properties in our portfolio, and the risks and costs of
complying with environmental laws and regulations. Sun assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update these forward-looking statements.