As referenced, this Annual Report on
Form 10-K includes certain forward-looking statements regarding various matters. The ultimate correctness of those forward-looking statements is dependent upon a number of known and unknown risks and events, and is subject to various
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be different from those expressed or implied by those statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on those forward-looking statements. The
following important factors, among others, as well as those factors set forth in our other SEC filings from time to time, could affect future results and events, causing results and events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our
forward-looking statements. 

Our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Our annual and quarterly operating results are affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

 adverse changes in general economic conditions; 

•

 the level and timing of customer orders; 

•

 the level of capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities and associated fixed costs; 

•

 the composition of the costs of revenue between materials, labor and manufacturing overhead; 

•

 price competition; 

•

 changes in demand for our products or services; 

•

 changes in demand in our customers’ end markets; 

•

 our level of experience in manufacturing a particular product; 

•

 the degree of automation used in our assembly process; 

•

 the efficiencies achieved in managing inventories and fixed assets; 

•

 fluctuations in materials costs and availability of materials; 

•

 seasonality in customers’ product requirements; and 

•

 the timing of expenditures in anticipation of increased sales, customer product delivery requirements and shortages of components or labor.

The volume and timing of orders placed by our customers vary due to variation in demand for our customers’
products; our customers’ attempts to manage their inventory; electronic design changes; changes in our customers’ manufacturing strategies; and acquisitions of or consolidations among our customers. In addition, our Consumer division and
the automotive industry sector of our EMS division are subject to seasonal influences. We may realize greater revenue during our first fiscal quarter due to high demand for consumer products during the holiday selling season. In the past, changes in
customer orders that reduce net revenue have had a significant effect on our results of operations as a result of our overhead remaining relatively fixed while 

13 

Table of Contents

our net revenue decreased. Any one or a combination of these factors could adversely affect our annual and quarterly results of operations in the future. See
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Quarterly Results (Unaudited).” 

Because we
depend on a limited number of customers, a reduction in sales to any one of our customers could cause a significant decline in our revenue. 

For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2008, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 47% of our net revenue and 44 customers accounted for approximately 90% of our net revenue. We currently depend, and expect to continue
to depend, upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our net revenue and upon their growth, viability and financial stability. If any of our customers experience a decline in the demand for their products due to
economic or other forces, they may reduce their purchases from us or terminate their relationship with us. Our customers’ industries have experienced rapid technological change, shortening of product life cycles, consolidation, and pricing and
margin pressures. Consolidation among our customers may further reduce the number of customers that generate a significant percentage of our net revenue and exposes us to increased risks relating to dependence on a small number of customers. A
significant reduction in sales to any of our customers or a customer exerting significant pricing and margin pressures on us could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In the past, some of our customers have terminated their
manufacturing arrangements with us or have significantly reduced or delayed the volume of design, production, product management or aftermarket services ordered from us. Our industry’s revenue declined in mid-2001 as a result of significant cut
backs in customer production requirements, which was consistent with the overall global economic downturn. We cannot assure you that present or future customers will not terminate their design, production, product management and aftermarket services
arrangements with us or significantly change, reduce or delay the amount of services ordered from us. If they do, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, we generate significant account receivables in
connection with providing design, production, product management and aftermarket services to our customers. If one or more of our customers were to become insolvent or otherwise were unable to pay for the services provided by us, our operating
results and financial condition would be adversely affected. See “Business – Customers and Marketing” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 

In particular, one of the industries to which we provide services, the automobile industry, has recently experienced significant financial difficulty,
with some of the participants filing for bankruptcy. Such significant financial difficulty, if experienced by one or more of our customers, may negatively affect our business due to the decreased demand of these financially distressed customers, the
potential inability of these companies to make full payment on amounts owed to us, or both. 

We are involved in reviews of our historical stock option
grant practices. 

We are involved in a putative shareholder class action and an SEC informal inquiry, and have received a subpoena from
the U.S. Attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York in connection with certain historical stock option grants. In response to shareholder derivative actions that also were filed in connection with these certain grants, an
independent Special Committee of our Board of Directors (the “Special Committee”) was appointed to review the allegations in such actions. We have cooperated and intend to continue to cooperate with the Special Committee, the SEC and the
U.S. Attorney’s office. The Special Committee concluded that the evidence does not support a finding of intentional manipulation of stock option grant pricing by any member of management. In addition, the Special Committee concluded that it was
not in our best interests to pursue the derivative actions. The Special Committee identified certain factors related to our controls surrounding the process of accounting for option grants that contributed to the accounting errors that led to the
restatement of our consolidated operations for certain of our previous fiscal years (as further described in the Explanatory Note immediately preceding Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2006 and
discussed below). Pursuant to the state court’s approval on April 7, 2008, and the federal court’s approval on April 25, 2008, of our proposed settlement of the derivative actions, these actions are no 

14 

Table of Contents

longer pending. The investigations of the SEC and the U.S. Attorney’s office may look at the accuracy of the stated dates of our historical option
grants, our disclosures regarding executive compensation, whether all proper corporate and other procedures were followed, whether our historical financial statements are materially accurate and other issues. We cannot predict the outcome of those
investigations. Regardless of the outcomes of the investigations, we will continue to incur costs and the investigations will cause a diversion of our management’s time and attention, which could have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. We cannot provide assurances that such investigations will not find inappropriate activity in connection with our historical stock option practices or result in further revising of our historical accounting
associated with such stock option grant practices. 

The matters relating to the Special Committee’s review of our historical stock option granting
practices and the restatement of our Consolidated Financial Statements have resulted in expanded litigation and regulatory proceedings against us and may result in future litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

On May 3, 2006, the Board of Directors established the Special Committee to conduct a review of our historical stock option granting practices
during fiscal years 1996 through 2006. As a result of that review and management’s undertaking of a separate review of our historical stock option grant practices, we identified a number of occasions in which stock option awards that were
granted to officers, employees and a non-employee consultant director were not properly accounted for. To correct these accounting errors, we restated prior year and prior quarter Consolidated Financial Statements and disclosures in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2006. The review of our historical stock option granting practices and the resulting restatements, required us to incur substantial expenses for legal, accounting, tax and other
professional services and diverted our management’s attention from our business and could in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our historical stock option granting practices and the restatement of our prior financial statements exposed us to greater risks associated with
litigation and regulatory proceedings. As described in Part I, Item 3 – “Legal Proceedings”, we are parties to several lawsuits containing allegations relating to stock option grants. We cannot assure you that any
determinations made in the current litigation, the SEC informal inquiry or any future litigation or regulatory action will reach the same conclusions on these issues that we reached. The conduct and resolution of these matters may continue to be
time consuming, expensive and distracting from the conduct of our business. Furthermore, if we are subject to adverse findings in any of these matters, we could be required to pay damages or penalties or have other remedies imposed upon us which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are involved in an SEC review of
our recognition of revenue for certain historical transactions. 

The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors (the “Audit
Committee”), assisted by independent legal counsel, reviewed certain historical transactions, and concluded that, while the impact was not material, accounting errors occurred in connection with recognizing certain income and expenses such that
our consolidated operations for fiscal year 2001 were lower by an immaterial amount than what was previously reported and our consolidated operations for fiscal year 2002 included in the five year table in Item 6 – “Selected Financial
Data” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2006 has been revised upward by a similar amount. The Audit Committee’s and legal counsel’s findings were presented to the SEC. We intend to
continue to cooperate fully with the SEC’s review of these matters. However, we cannot predict the extent or the outcome of such review. In addition, future litigation and regulatory investigation or action may arise in connection with these
revenue recognition issues. We cannot assure you that the determinations reached by the SEC, or reached in any future litigation or regulatory action, will be consistent with our conclusions on these issues. If we are subject to adverse findings in
any of these matters, we could be required to pay damages or penalties or have other remedies imposed upon us which could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. In addition,
regardless of the final outcomes of any of 

15 

Table of Contents

these matters, the conduct and resolution of such matters could be sufficiently time-consuming, expensive and distracting to our management team which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Consolidation in industries that utilize electronics
components may adversely affect our business. 

Consolidation in industries that utilize electronics components may further increase as
companies combine to achieve further economies of scale and other synergies, which could result in an increase in excess manufacturing capacity as companies seek to divest manufacturing operations or eliminate duplicative product lines. Excess
manufacturing capacity may increase pricing and competitive pressures for our industry as a whole and for us in particular. Consolidation could also result in an increasing number of very large companies offering products in multiple industries. The
significant purchasing power and market power of these large companies could increase pricing and competitive pressures for us. If one of our customers is acquired by another company that does not rely on us to provide services and has its own
production facilities or relies on another provider of similar services, we may lose that customer’s business. Such consolidation among our customers may further reduce the number of customers that generate a significant percentage of our net
revenue and exposes us to increased risks relating to dependence on a small number of customers. Any of the foregoing results of industry consolidation could adversely affect our business. 

Our customers face numerous competitive challenges, such as rapid technological change and short life cycles for their products, which may materially adversely affect
their business, and also ours. 

Factors affecting the industries that utilize electronics components in general, and our customers
specifically, could seriously harm our customers and, as a result, us. These factors include: 

•

 The inability of our customers to adapt to rapidly changing technology and evolving industry standards, which result in short product life cycles.

•

 The inability of our customers to develop and market their products, some of which are new and untested, the potential that our customers’ products may become
obsolete or the failure of our customers’ products to gain widespread commercial acceptance. 

•

 Recessionary periods in our customers’ markets. 

•

 Shifts in the level of demand for our customers’ products due to seasonality and other factors. 

•

 Increased competition among our customers and their respective competitors which may result in a loss of business, or a reduction in pricing power, for our
customers. 

•

 New product offerings by our customers’ competitors may prove to be more successful than our customers’ product offerings. 

If our customers are unsuccessful in addressing these competitive challenges, or any others that they may face, then their business may be materially
adversely affected, and as a result, the demand for our services could decline. Even if our customers are successful in responding to these challenges, their responses may have consequences which affect our business relationships with our customers
(and possibly our results of operations) by altering our production cycles and inventory management. 

The success of our business is dependent on both
our ability to independently keep pace with technological changes and competitive conditions in our industry, and also our ability to effectively adapt our services in response to our customers keeping pace with technological changes and competitive
conditions in their respective industries. 

If we are unable to offer technologically advanced, cost effective, quick response
manufacturing services, demand for our services will decline. In addition, if we are unable to offer services in response to our customers’ 

16 

Table of Contents

changing requirements, then demand for our services will also decline. A substantial portion of our net revenue is derived from our offering of complete
service solutions to our customers. For example, if we fail to maintain high-quality design and engineering services, our net revenue may significantly decline. 

Most of our customers do not commit to long-term production schedules, which makes it difficult for us to schedule production and achieve maximum efficiency of our manufacturing capacity. 

The volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to: 

•

 variation in demand for our customers’ products; 

•

 our customers’ attempts to manage their inventory; 

•

 electronic design changes; 

•

 changes in our customers’ manufacturing strategy; and 

•

 acquisitions of or consolidations among our customers. 

Due in part to these factors, most of our customers do not commit to firm production schedules for more than one quarter in advance. Our inability to forecast the level of customer orders with certainty makes it
difficult to schedule production and maximize utilization of manufacturing capacity. In the past, we have been required to increase staffing and other expenses in order to meet the anticipated demand of our customers. Anticipated orders from many of
our customers have, in the past, failed to materialize or delivery schedules have been deferred as a result of changes in our customers’ business needs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. On other occasions, our customers
have required rapid increases in production, which have placed an excessive burden on our resources. Such customer order fluctuations and deferrals have had a material adverse effect on us in the past, and we may experience such effects in the
future. A business downturn resulting from any of these external factors could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
“Business – Backlog.” 

Our customers may cancel their orders, change production quantities, delay production or change their sourcing
strategy. 

Our industry must provide increasingly rapid product turnaround for its customers. We generally do not obtain firm, long-term
purchase commitments from our customers and we continue to experience reduced lead-times in customer orders. Customers may cancel their orders, change production quantities, delay production or change their sourcing strategy for a number of reasons.
Such changes, delays and cancellations may lead to our production and possession of excess or obsolete inventory which we may not be able to sell to the customer or a third party. The success of our customers’ products in the market affects our
business. Cancellations, reductions, delays or changes in sourcing strategy by a significant customer or by a group of customers could negatively impact our operating results by reducing the number of products that we sell, delaying the payment to
us for inventory that we purchased and reducing the use of our manufacturing facilities which have associated fixed costs not dependent on our level of revenue. 

In addition, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, component procurement commitments, personnel needs and other resource
requirements, based on our estimate of customer requirements. The short-term nature of our customers’ commitments and the possibility of rapid changes in demand for their products reduce our ability to accurately estimate the future
requirements of those customers. 

On occasion, customers may require rapid increases in production, which can stress our resources and
reduce operating margins. In addition, because many of our costs and operating expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand can harm our gross profits and operating results. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our business could be adversely affected by any delays, or increased costs, resulting from issues that our common
carriers are dealing with in transporting our materials, our products, or both. 

We rely on a variety of common carriers to transport
our materials from our suppliers to us, and to transport our products from us to our customers. Problems suffered by any of these common carriers, whether due to a natural disaster, labor problem, increased energy prices or some other issue, could
result in shipping delays, increased costs, or some other supply chain disruption, and could therefore have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We compete with numerous other electronic manufacturing services and design providers and others, including our current and potential customers who may decide to manufacture all of their products internally. 

Our business is highly competitive. We compete against numerous domestic and foreign electronic manufacturing services and design providers, including
Benchmark Electronics, Inc., Celestica, Inc., Elcoteq SE, Flextronics International Ltd., Hon-Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Plexus Corp. and Sanmina-SCI Corporation, as well as smaller companies that often have a regional, product, service or
industry specific focus. In addition, we may in the future encounter competition from other large electronic manufacturers, and manufacturers that are focused solely on design and manufacturing services, that are selling, or may begin to sell
electronics manufacturing services. Most of our competitors have international operations, significant financial resources and some have substantially greater manufacturing, R&D and marketing resources than us. These competitors may: 

•

 respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies; 

•

 have greater name recognition, critical mass and geographic market presence; 

•

 be better able to take advantage of acquisition opportunities; 

•

 adapt more quickly to changes in customer requirements; 

•

 devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their services; 

•

 be better positioned to compete on price for their services, as a result of any combination of lower labor costs, lower components costs, lower facilities costs or
lower operating costs; and 

•

 be better able to utilize excess capacity which may reduce the cost of their product or service. 

We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and potential customers, who are continually evaluating the merits of
manufacturing products internally against the advantages of outsourcing. In addition, consolidation in our industry results in larger and more geographically diverse competitors who have significant combined resources with which to compete against
us. See “Business – Competition.” 

We may be operating at a cost disadvantage compared to competitors who have greater
direct buying power from component suppliers, distributors and raw material suppliers or who have lower cost structures as a result of their geographic location or the services they provide or who are willing to make sales or provide services at
lower margins than us. As a result, competitors may procure a competitive advantage and obtain business from our customers. Our manufacturing processes are generally not subject to significant proprietary protection. In addition, companies with
greater resources or a greater market presence may enter our market or increase their competition with us. We also expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products or services, to reduce their current products
or service sales prices and to introduce new products or services that may offer greater performance and improved pricing. Any of these developments could cause a decline in sales, loss of market acceptance of our products or services, profit margin
compression or loss of market share. 

18 

Table of Contents

We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from our international operations, which may be subject to a number of
risks and often require more management time and expense to achieve profitability than our domestic operations. 

We derived 79.6% of net
revenue from international operations in fiscal year 2008 compared to 78.8% in fiscal year 2007. We currently expect our foreign source revenue to slightly increase as a percentage of net revenue over the course of the next twelve months. We
currently operate outside the U.S. in Vienna, Austria; Hasselt, Belgium; Belo Horizonte, Manaus, Sao Paulo and Sorocaba, Brazil; Beijing, Huangpu, Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Suzhou, Tianjin, Wuxi and Yantai, China; Coventry, England; Brest, Lunel
and Meung-sur-Loire, France; Jena, Germany; Szombathely and Tiszaujvaros, Hungary; Chennai and Ranjangaon, India; Bergamo, Cassina de Pecchi, Marcianise, Italy; Gotemba and Tokyo, Japan; Penang, Malaysia; Chihuahua, Guadalajara and Reynosa, Mexico;
Amsterdam, The Netherlands; Bydgoszcz and Kwidzyn, Poland; Ayr and Livingston, Scotland; Singapore City, Singapore; Taichung and Taipei, Taiwan; Uzhgorod, Ukraine and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. We continually consider additional
opportunities to make foreign acquisitions and construct new foreign facilities. Our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including: 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 less flexible employee relationships which can be difficult and expensive to terminate; 

•

 labor unrest; 

•

 political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism and outbreaks of war); 

•

 inadequate infrastructure for our operations (i.e. lack of adequate power, water, transportation and raw materials); 

•

 coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones; 

•

 risk of governmental expropriation of our property; 

•

 less favorable, or relatively undefined, intellectual property laws; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws; 

•

 longer customer payment cycles and difficulty collecting trade accounts receivable; 

•

 export duties, import controls and trade barriers (including quotas); 

•

 adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the U.S. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;

•

 adverse changes in tax rates; 

•

 legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices; 

•

 governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from our operations outside the U.S.; 

•

 burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and foreign laws, including those relating to export and import duties, environmental policies and
privacy issues; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could affect local payroll, utility and other expenses; and 

•

 inability to utilize net operating losses incurred by our foreign operations against future income in the same jurisdiction. 

In addition, several of the countries where we operate have emerging or developing economies, which may be subject to greater currency volatility,
negative growth, high inflation, limited availability of foreign exchange and other risks. These factors may harm our results of operations, and any measures that we may implement to reduce the effect of volatile currencies and other risks of our
international operations may not be effective. In our experience, entry into new international markets requires considerable management time as well as start-up 

19 

Table of Contents

expenses for market development, hiring and establishing office facilities before any significant revenue is generated. As a result, initial operations in a
new market may operate at low margins or may be unprofitable. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources.” 

If we do not manage our growth effectively, our profitability could decline. 

Areas of our business may experience periods of rapid growth which could place considerable additional demands upon our management team and our operational, financial and management information systems. Our ability to
manage growth effectively will require us to continue to integrate additional facilities or incremental capacity; implement and improve these systems; avoid cost overruns; maintain customer, supplier and other favorable business relationships during
possible transition periods; continue to develop the management skills of our managers and supervisors; continue to train, motivate and manage our employees; and realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale and other value. Our failure to
effectively manage growth could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 

We may not achieve expected profitability from our acquisitions. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate the operations and management of our recent acquisitions. Similarly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to (1) identify future strategic
acquisitions, (2) consummate these potential acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all, or (3) if consummated, successfully integrate the operations and management of future acquisitions. Acquisitions involve significant risks, which
could have a material adverse effect on us, including: 

•

 Financial risks, such as (1) the payment of a purchase price that exceeds the future value that we may realize from the acquired operations and businesses;
(2) an increase in our expenses and working capital requirements, which could reduce our return on invested capital; (3) potential known and unknown liabilities of the acquired businesses; (4) costs associated with integrating
acquired operations and businesses; (5) the dilutive effect of the issuance of additional equity securities; (6) the incurrence of additional debt and the related interest expense, which could potentially affect our credit ratings;
(7) the financial impact of valuing goodwill and other intangible assets involved in any acquisitions, potential future impairment write-downs of goodwill and indefinite life intangibles and the amortization of other intangible assets;
(8) possible adverse tax and accounting effects; and (9) the risk that we spend substantial amounts purchasing these manufacturing facilities and assume significant contractual and other obligations with no guaranteed levels of revenue or
that we may have to close facilities at our cost. 

•

 Operating risks, such as (1) the diversion of management’s attention to the assimilation of the businesses to be acquired; (2) the risk that the
acquired businesses will fail to maintain the quality of services that we have historically provided; (3) we may have little or no experience operating in the geographic market or industry sector of the acquired business; (4) the need to
implement financial and other systems and add management resources; (5) the need to maintain customer, supplier or other favorable business relationships of acquired operations and restructure or terminate unfavorable relationships;
(6) the potential for deficiencies in internal controls of the acquired operations; (7) we may not be able to attract and retain the employees necessary to support the acquired businesses; (8) unforeseen difficulties (including any
unanticipated liabilities) in the acquired operations; and (9) the impact on us of any unionized work force we may acquire or any labor disruptions that might occur. 

Most of our acquisitions involve operations outside of the U.S. which are subject to various risks including those described in “Risk Factors –
We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from our international operations, which may be subject to a number of risks and often require more management time and expense to achieve profitability than our domestic operations.” 

20 

Table of Contents

We have acquired and may continue to pursue the acquisition of manufacturing and supply chain management
operations from our customers (or potential customers). In these acquisitions, the divesting company will typically enter into a supply arrangement with the acquirer. Therefore, the competition for these acquisitions is intense. In addition, certain
divesting companies may choose not to consummate these acquisitions with us because of our current supply arrangements with other companies or may require terms and conditions that may impact our profitability. If we are unable to attract and
consummate some of these acquisition opportunities at favorable terms, our growth and profitability could be adversely impacted. 

In
addition to those risks listed above, arrangements entered into with these divesting companies typically involve certain other risks, including the following: 

•

 The integration into our business of the acquired assets and facilities may be time-consuming and costly. 

•

 We, rather than the divesting company, may bear the risk of excess capacity. 

•

 We may not achieve anticipated cost reductions and efficiencies. 

•

 We may be unable to meet the expectations of the divesting company as to volume, product quality, timeliness and cost reductions. 

•

 If demand for the divesting company’s products declines, it may reduce the volume of purchases and we may not be able to sufficiently reduce the expenses of
operating the facility or use the facility to provide services to other customers. 

As a result of these and other risks,
we may be unable to achieve anticipated levels of profitability under these arrangements, and they may not result in any material revenue or contribute positively to our operations. 

Our ability to achieve the expected benefits of the outsourcing opportunities associated with these acquisitions is subject to risks, including our
ability to meet volume requirements, product quality, timeliness and pricing requirements, and our ability to achieve the divesting company’s expected cost reduction. In addition, when acquiring manufacturing operations, we may receive limited
commitments to firm production schedules. Accordingly, in these circumstances, we may spend substantial amounts purchasing these manufacturing facilities and assume significant contractual and other obligations with no guaranteed levels of revenue.
We may also not achieve expected profitability from these arrangements. As a result of these and other risks, these outsourcing opportunities may not be profitable. 

We are expanding the primary scope of our acquisitions strategy beyond our customers and potential customers to include companies seeking to divest their internal manufacturing operations to manufacturing providers
such as us. The amount and scope of the risks associated with acquisitions of this type extend beyond those that we have traditionally faced in making acquisitions. These extended risks include greater uncertainties in the financial benefits and
potential liabilities associated with this expanded base of acquisitions. 

We face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations.

Over the past few years, we have undertaken initiatives to restructure our business operations with the intention of improving
utilization and realizing cost savings in the future. These initiatives have included changing the number and location of our production facilities, largely to align our capacity and infrastructure with current and anticipated customer demand. This
alignment includes transferring programs from higher cost geographies to lower cost geographies. The process of restructuring entails, among other activities, moving production between facilities, closing facilities, reducing staff levels,
realigning our business processes and reorganizing our management. 

We continuously evaluate our operations and cost structure relative to
general economic conditions, market demands and cost competitiveness, and our geographic footprint as it relates to our customers’ production 

21 

Table of Contents

requirements. As a result of this ongoing evaluation, during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006 we initiated a restructuring program to realign our
manufacturing capacity in certain higher cost geographies and to properly size our manufacturing sites with perceived current market conditions. We currently estimate that the restructuring program could result in total restructuring and impairment
charges of approximately $250.0 million consisting of pre-tax employee severance and benefit costs, contract termination costs, fixed asset impairment costs, and other related restructuring costs, as well as valuation allowances against net deferred
tax assets for certain plants impacted by the current restructuring plan. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006, we recorded restructuring and impairment charges of $81.9 million and valuation allowances of $37.1 million on net deferred tax
assets under this program. During fiscal year 2007, we recorded aggregate restructuring and impairment charges of $72.4 million and reduced our valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets by $2.0 million to an aggregate amount of
$35.1 million under this program. During fiscal year 2008, we recorded aggregate restructuring and impairment charges of $54.8 million and increased our valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets by $3.7 million to an aggregate amount
of $38.8 million under this program. We have substantially completed our restructuring activities and currently expect to recognize the remaining costs over the course of fiscal year 2009 with certain contract termination costs to be incurred
through fiscal year 2011. If we incur additional restructuring related charges, our financial condition and results of operations may suffer. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Results of Operations – Restructuring and Impairment Charges” and Note 10 – “Restructuring and Impairment Charges” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

We expect that in the future we may continue to transfer certain of our operations to lower cost geographies, which may require us to take additional
restructuring charges. Restructurings present significant potential risks of events occurring that could adversely affect us, including a decrease in employee morale, delays encountered in finalizing the scope of, and
implementing, the restructurings (including extensive consultations concerning potential workforce reductions (particularly in locations outside of the U.S.)), the failure to achieve targeted cost savings and the failure to
meet operational targets and customer requirements due to the loss of employees and any work stoppages that might occur. These risks are further complicated by our extensive international operations, which subject us to different legal and
regulatory requirements that govern the extent, and the speed, of our ability to reduce our manufacturing capacity and workforce. In addition, we may have to obtain agreements from our affected customers for the re-location of our facilities in
certain instances. Obtaining these agreements, along with the volatility in our customers’ demand, can further delay restructuring activities. 

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers for components that are critical to our manufacturing processes. A shortage of these components or an increase in their price could interrupt our operations and reduce our profits. 

Substantially all of our net revenue is derived from turnkey manufacturing in which we provide materials procurement. While most of our significant
long-term customer contracts permit quarterly or other periodic adjustments to pricing based on decreases and increases in component prices and other factors, we may bear the risk of component price increases that occur between any such re-pricings
or, if such re-pricing is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the particular customer contract. Accordingly, certain component price increases could adversely affect our gross profit margins. Almost all of the products we manufacture
require one or more components that are available from only a single source. Some of these components are allocated from time to time in response to supply shortages. In some cases, supply shortages will substantially curtail production of all
assemblies using a particular component. In addition, at various times industry-wide shortages of electronic components have occurred, particularly of semiconductor products. In the past, such circumstances have produced insignificant levels of
short-term interruption of our operations, but could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the future. In addition, we may purchase components in advance of our requirements for those components as a result of a threatened
or anticipated shortage. In that event, we will incur additional inventory carrying costs, for which we may not be compensated, and face a heightened risk of exposure to inventory obsolescence. Also, our production of a customer’s product could
be negatively impacted by any quality or reliability issues with any of our component suppliers. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business – Components
Procurement.” 

22 

Table of Contents

We may not be able to maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing process expertise. 

The markets for our manufacturing and engineering services are characterized by rapidly changing technology and evolving process development. The
continued success of our business will depend upon our ability to: 

•

 hire, retain and expand our qualified engineering and technical personnel; 

•

 maintain technological leadership; 

•

 develop and market manufacturing services that meet changing customer needs; and 

•

 successfully anticipate or respond to technological changes in manufacturing processes on a cost-effective and timely basis. 

Although we believe that our operations use the assembly and testing technologies, equipment and processes that are currently required by our customers,
we cannot be certain that we will develop the capabilities required by our customers in the future. The emergence of new technology, industry standards or customer requirements may render our equipment, inventory or processes obsolete or
noncompetitive. In addition, we may have to acquire new assembly and testing technologies and equipment to remain competitive. The acquisition and implementation of new technologies and equipment may require significant expense or capital
investment, which could reduce our operating margins and our operating results. In facilities that we establish or acquire, we may not be able to maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing process expertise. Our failure to anticipate
and adapt to our customers’ changing technological needs and requirements or to hire and retain a sufficient number of engineers and maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing expertise, could have a material adverse effect on
our business. 

If our manufacturing processes and services do not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, or if we manufacture
products containing design or manufacturing defects, demand for our services may decline and we may be subject to liability claims. 

We
manufacture and design products to our customers’ specifications, and, in some cases, our manufacturing processes and facilities may need to comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. For example, medical devices that we
manufacture or design, as well as the facilities and manufacturing processes that we use to produce them, are regulated by the Food and Drug Administration and its non-U.S. counterparts. Similarly, items we manufacture for customers in the defense
and aerospace industries, as well as the processes we use to produce them, are regulated by the Department of Defense and the Federal Aviation Authority. In addition, our customers’ products and the manufacturing processes that we use to
produce them often are highly complex. As a result, products that we manufacture may at times contain manufacturing or design defects, and our manufacturing processes may be subject to errors or not be in compliance with applicable statutory and
regulatory requirements. Defects in the products we manufacture or design, whether caused by a design, manufacturing or component failure or error, or deficiencies in our manufacturing processes, may result in delayed shipments to customers or
reduced or cancelled customer orders. If these defects or deficiencies are significant, our business reputation may also be damaged. The failure of the products that we manufacture or our manufacturing processes and facilities to comply with
applicable statutory and regulatory requirements may subject us to legal fines or penalties and, in some cases, require us to shut down or incur considerable expense to correct a manufacturing process or facility. In addition, these defects may
result in liability claims against us or expose us to liability to pay for the recall of a product. The magnitude of such claims may increase as we expand our medical, automotive and aerospace and defense manufacturing services, as defects in
medical devices, automotive components and aerospace and defense systems could seriously harm or kill users of these products and others. Even if our customers are responsible for the defects, they may not, or may not have resources to, assume
responsibility for any costs or liabilities arising from these defects, which could expose us to additional liability claims. 

23 

Table of Contents

Our regular manufacturing process and services may result in exposure to intellectual property infringement and other
claims. 

Providing manufacturing services can expose us to potential claims that the product design or manufacturing processes infringe
third party intellectual property rights. Even though many of our manufacturing services contracts generally require our customers to indemnify us for infringement claims relating to the product specifications and designs, a particular customer may
not, or may not have the resources to assume responsibility for such claims. In addition, we may be responsible for claims that our manufacturing processes or components used in manufacturing infringe third party intellectual property rights.
Infringement claims could subject us to significant liability for damages, and potentially injunctive action and, regardless of merits, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve. 

Our design services offerings may result in additional exposure to product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims, in addition to the business risk of being unable to produce the revenues
necessary to profit from these services. 

We continue our efforts to offer certain design services, primarily those relating to products
that we manufacture for our customers, and we now offer design services related to collaborative design manufacturing and turnkey solutions (including end-user products and components as products). Providing such services can expose us to different
or greater potential liabilities than those we face when providing our regular manufacturing services. Our design services business increases our exposure to potential product liability claims resulting from injuries caused by defects in products we
design, as well as potential claims that products we design or processes we use infringe third-party intellectual property rights. Such claims could subject us to significant liability for damages, subject the infringing portion of our business to
injunction and, regardless of their merits, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve. We also may have greater potential exposure from warranty claims and from product recalls due to problems caused by product design. Costs associated with
possible product liability claims, intellectual property infringement claims and product recalls could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. When providing collaborative design manufacturing or turnkey solutions, we may not be
guaranteed revenue needed to recoup or profit from the investment in the resources necessary to design and develop products. Particularly, no revenue may be generated from these efforts if our customers do not approve the designs in a timely manner
or at all, or if they do not then purchase anticipated levels of products. Furthermore, contracts may allow the customer to delay or cancel deliveries and may not obligate the customer to any volume of purchases, or may provide for penalties or
cancellation of orders if we are late in delivering designs or products. We may even have the responsibility to ensure that products we design satisfy safety and regulatory standards and to obtain any necessary certifications. Failure to timely
obtain the necessary approvals or certifications could prevent us from selling these products, which in turn could harm our sales, profitability and reputation. 

The success of our turnkey solution activities depends in part on our ability to obtain, protect and leverage intellectual property rights to our designs. 

We strive to obtain and protect certain intellectual property rights to our turnkey solutions designs. We believe that having a significant level of protected proprietary technology gives us a competitive advantage in
marketing our services. However, we cannot be certain that the measures that we employ will result in protected intellectual property rights or will result in the prevention of unauthorized use of our technology. If we are unable to obtain and
protect intellectual property rights embodied within our designs, this could reduce or eliminate the competitive advantages of our proprietary technology, which would harm our business. 

Intellectual property infringement claims against our customers or us could harm our business. 

Our
turnkey solutions products and the products of our customers may compete against the products of other companies, many of whom may own the intellectual property rights underlying those products. Patent clearance 

24 

Table of Contents

or licensing activities, if any, may be inadequate to anticipate and avoid third party claims. As a result, in addition to the risk that we could become
subject to claims of intellectual property infringement, our customers could become subject to infringement claims. Additionally, customers for our turnkey solutions services, or collaborative designs in which we have significant technology
contributions, typically require that we indemnify them against the risk of intellectual property infringement. If any claims are brought against us or against our customers for such infringement, regardless of their merits, we could be required to
expend significant resources in defense of such claims. In the event of a claim, we may be required to spend a significant amount of money to develop non-infringing alternatives or obtain licenses. We may not be successful in developing such
alternatives or obtaining such a license on reasonable terms if at all. Our customers may be required to or decide to discontinue products which are alleged to be infringing rather than face continued costs of defending the infringement claims, and
such discontinuance may result in a significant decrease in our business. 

If our turnkey solutions products are subject to design defects, our business
may be damaged and we may incur significant fees. 

In our contracts with turnkey solutions customers, we generally provide them with a
warranty against defects in our designs. If a turnkey solutions product or component that we design is found to be defective in its design, this may lead to increased warranty claims. Although we have product liability insurance coverage, it may not
be available on acceptable terms, in sufficient amounts, or at all. A successful product liability claim in excess of our insurance coverage or any material claim for which insurance coverage was denied or limited and for which indemnification was
not available could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We depend on our officers, managers
and skilled personnel. 

Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of our executive officers and other skilled
personnel. Generally our employees are not bound by employment or non-competition agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our executive officers and other key employees. We could be seriously harmed by the loss of any of our
executive officers. In order to manage our growth, we will need to recruit and retain additional skilled management personnel and if we are not able to do so, our business and our ability to continue to grow could be harmed. In addition, in
connection with expanding our turnkey solutions activities, we must attract and retain experienced design engineers. Competition for highly skilled employees is substantial. Our failure to recruit and retain experienced design engineers could limit
the growth of our turnkey solutions activities, which could adversely affect our business. 

Any delay in the implementation of our information systems
could disrupt our operations and cause unanticipated increases in our costs. 

We have completed the installation of an Enterprise
Resource Planning system in most of our manufacturing sites, excluding the Green Point sites, and in our corporate location. We are in the process of installing this system in certain of our remaining plants, including certain Green Point sites,
which will replace the current Manufacturing Resource Planning system, as well as financial information systems. Any delay in the implementation of these information systems could result in material adverse consequences, including disruption of
operations, loss of information and unanticipated increases in costs. 

Compliance or the failure to comply with current and future environmental,
product stewardship and producer responsibility laws or regulations could cause us significant expense. 

We are subject to a variety of
federal, state, local and foreign environmental, product stewardship and producer responsibility laws and regulations, including those relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous chemicals used during our manufacturing process
or requiring design changes, conformity assessments or recycling of products we manufacture. If we fail to comply with any present and future 

25 

Table of Contents

regulations, we could become subject to future liabilities, the suspension of production, or prohibitions on sales of products we manufacture. In addition,
such regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or could require us to acquire costly equipment or to incur other significant expenses, including expenses associated with the recall of any non-compliant product or with changes
in our procurement and inventory management activities. 

Certain environmental laws impose liability for the costs of investigation,
removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on an owner, occupier or operator of real estate, even if such person or company was unaware of or not responsible for the presence of such substances. Soil and groundwater contamination may
have occurred at some of our facilities. From time to time we investigate, remediate and monitor soil and groundwater contamination at certain of our operating sites. In certain instances where contamination existed prior to our ownership or
occupation of a site, landlords or former owners have retained some contractual responsibility for contamination and remediation. However, failure of such persons to perform those obligations could result in us being required to remediate such
contamination. As a result, we may incur clean-up costs in such potential removal or remediation efforts. In other instances, we may be solely responsible for clean-up costs associated with remediation efforts. 

From time to time new regulations are enacted, or existing requirements are changed, and it is difficult to anticipate how such regulations and changes
will be implemented and enforced. We continue to evaluate the necessary steps for compliance with regulations as they are enacted. 

Over
the last several years, we have become subject to certain legal requirements, principally in Europe, regarding the use of certain hazardous substances in, and the collection, reuse and recycling of waste from, certain products that use or generate
electricity. Similar requirements are being developed or imposed in other areas of the world where we manufacture or sell products, including China and the U.S. We believe that we comply, and will be able to continue to comply, with such emerging
requirements. We may experience negative consequences from these emerging requirements however, including, but not limited to, supply shortages or delays, increased raw material and component costs, accelerated obsolescence of certain of our raw
materials, components and products and the need to modify or create new designs for our existing and future products. 

Our failure to
comply with any applicable regulatory requirements or with related contractual obligations could result in our being directly or indirectly liable for costs (including product recall and/or replacement costs), fines or penalties and third-party
claims, and could jeopardize our ability to conduct business in the jurisdictions implementing them. 

In addition, as global warming issues
become more prevalent, the U.S. and foreign governments are beginning to respond to these issues. This increasing governmental focus on global warming may result in new environmental regulations that may negatively affect us, our suppliers and our
customers. This could cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying with any new environmental regulations, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers or both incurring additional compliance costs that get
passed on to us. These costs may adversely impact our operations and financial condition. 

Certain of our existing stockholders have significant
control. 

At August 31, 2008, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members collectively beneficially owned
12.8% of our outstanding common stock, of which William D. Morean, our Chairman of the Board, beneficially owned 7.7%. As a result, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members have significant influence over (1) the
election of our Board of Directors, (2) the approval or disapproval of any other matters requiring stockholder approval and (3) the affairs and policies of Jabil. 

We are subject to the risk of increased taxes. 

We base our tax position upon the anticipated nature
and conduct of our business and upon our understanding of the tax laws of the various countries in which we have assets or conduct activities. Our tax 

26 

Table of Contents

position, however, is subject to review and possible challenge by taxing authorities and to possible changes in law. We cannot determine in advance the
extent to which some jurisdictions may assess additional tax or interest and penalties on such additional taxes. In addition, our effective tax rate may be increased by the generation of higher income in countries with higher tax rates, or changes
in local tax rates. For example, China enacted a new unified enterprise income tax law, effective January 1, 2008, which will result in a higher tax rate on operations in China as the rate increase is phased in over several years. 

Several countries in which we are located allow for tax holidays or provide other tax incentives to attract and retain business. We have obtained
holidays or other incentives where available and practicable. Our taxes could increase if certain tax holidays or incentives are retracted (which in some cases could occur if we fail to satisfy the conditions on which such holidays or incentives are
based) or if they are not renewed upon expiration, or tax rates applicable to us in such jurisdictions are otherwise increased. It is anticipated that tax incentives with respect to certain operations will expire within the next year. However, due
to the possibility of changes in existing tax law and our operations, we are unable to predict how these expirations will impact us in the future. In addition, acquisitions may cause our effective tax rate to increase, depending on the jurisdictions
in which the acquired operations are located. 

Our credit rating has recently been downgraded and is subject to further change. 

Our credit is rated by credit rating agencies. Our 5.875% Senior Notes and our 8.250% Senior Notes are currently rated BB+ by Fitch Ratings
(“Fitch”), Ba1 by Moody’s Investor Services, Inc. (“Moody’s”) and BB+ by Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service, a Division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”), and are considered to be
below “investment grade” debt by all three rating agencies. S&P’s rating downgrade in April 2008, along with those by Fitch in October 2007 and Moody’s in February 2007, and any potential future negative change in our credit
rating, may make it more expensive for us to raise additional capital in the future on terms that are acceptable to us, if at all; may negatively impact the price of our common stock; may increase our interest payments under existing debt
agreements; and may have other negative implications on our business, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, as discussed in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Liquidity and Capital Resources,” the interest rate payable on the 8.250% Senior Notes is subject to adjustment from time to time if our credit ratings change. Thus, any potential future negative change in our credit rating may increase the
interest rate payable on the 8.250% Senior Notes and certain of our other borrowings. 

Our amount of debt could significantly increase in the future.

As of August 31, 2008, our debt obligations consisted of $400.0 million in principal amount outstanding under our 8.250% Senior
Notes, $300.0 million in principal amount outstanding under our 5.875% Senior Notes and $380.0 million outstanding under the term portion of our Credit Facility. As of August 31, 2008, there was $294.8 million outstanding under various bank
loans to certain of our foreign subsidiaries and under various other debt obligations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources” and Note 8
– “Notes Payable, Long-Term Debt and Long-Term Lease Obligations” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 

As of August 31, 2008, we had the ability to borrow up to $800.0 million under the revolving credit portion of our Credit Facility. In addition, the Credit Facility contemplates a potential increase of the revolving credit portion of
up to an additional $200.0 million if we and the lenders later agree to such increase. We could incur additional indebtedness in the future in the form of bank loans, notes or convertible securities. 

Should we desire to consummate significant additional acquisition opportunities or undertake significant additional expansion activities, our capital
needs would increase and could possibly result in our need to increase available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities or access public or private debt and equity markets. There can be no assurance, however, that we would be successful in
raising additional debt or equity on terms that we would consider acceptable, if at all. 

27 

Table of Contents

An increase in the level of our indebtedness, among other things, could: 

•

 make it difficult for us to obtain any necessary financing in the future for other acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or
other purposes; 

•

 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business; and 

•

 make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet future debt service obligations. 

We are subject to risks of
currency fluctuations and related hedging operations. 

A portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
Changes in exchange rates among other currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect our cost of sales, operating margins and net revenue. We cannot predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations. We use financial instruments, primarily forward
purchase contracts to economically hedge U.S. dollar and other currency commitments arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable and fixed purchase obligations. If these hedging activities are not successful or if we change or
reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience significant unexpected expenses from fluctuations in exchange rates. 

An adverse change
in the interest rates for our borrowings could adversely affect our financial condition. 

We pay interest on outstanding borrowings
under our revolving credit facilities and certain other long term debt obligations at interest rates that fluctuate based upon changes in various base interest rates. An adverse change in the base rates upon which our interest rates are determined
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are exposed to intangible asset risk. 

We have recorded intangible assets, including goodwill, which are attributable to business acquisitions. We are required to perform
goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests at least on an annual basis and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable from estimated future cash flows. As a result of our annual and other periodic
evaluations, we may determine that the intangible asset values need to be written down to their fair values, which could result in material charges that could be adverse to our operating results and financial position. 

We face certain risks in collecting our trade accounts receivable. 

We generate a significant amount of trade accounts receivable sales from our customers. If any of our customers has any liquidity issues, then we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us which could
have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our allowance for doubtful accounts receivables was $10.1 million as of August 31, 2008 (which represented less than 1% of our gross trade accounts
receivable balance), $10.6 million as of August 31, 2007 (which represented 1% of our gross trade accounts receivable balance) and $5.8 million as of August 31, 2006 (which represented less than 1% of our gross trade accounts receivable
balance). 

Customer relationships with emerging companies may present more risks than with established companies. 

Customer relationships with emerging companies present special risks because such companies do not have an extensive product history. As a result, there
is less demonstration of market acceptance of their products making it harder for us to anticipate needs and requirements than with established customers. In addition, due to the current economic environment, additional funding for such companies
may be more difficult to obtain and these customer relationships may not continue or materialize to the extent we planned or we previously 

28 

Table of Contents

experienced. This tightening of financing for start-up customers, together with many start-up customers’ lack of prior operations and unproven product
markets increase our credit risk, especially in trade accounts receivable and inventories. Although we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and adjust our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable for all customers, including
start-up customers, based on the information available, these allowances may not be adequate. This risk exists for any new emerging company customers in the future. 

Our stock price may be volatile. 

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the
“NYSE”). The market price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially in the past and could fluctuate substantially in the future, based on a variety of factors, including future announcements covering us or our key customers or
competitors, government regulations, litigation, changes in earnings estimates by analysts, fluctuations in quarterly operating results, or general conditions in our industry and the aerospace, automotive, computing, consumer, defense,
instrumentation, medical, networking, peripherals, storage and telecommunications industries. Furthermore, stock prices for many companies and high technology companies in particular, fluctuate widely for reasons that may be unrelated to their
operating results. Those fluctuations and general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions or international currency fluctuations and demand for our services, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Volatility
and weakness in our stock price could mean that investors may not be able to sell their shares at or above the prices they paid. Volatility and weakness could also impair our ability in the future to offer common stock or convertible securities as a
source of additional capital and/or as consideration in the acquisition of other businesses. 

Provisions in our charter documents and state law may make
it harder for others to obtain control of us even though some shareholders might consider such a development to be favorable. 

Our
shareholder rights plan, provisions of our amended certificate of incorporation and the Delaware Corporation Laws may delay, inhibit or prevent someone from gaining control of us through a tender offer, business combination, proxy contest or some
other method. These provisions may adversely impact our shareholders because they may decrease the possibility of a transaction in which our shareholders receive an amount of consideration in exchange for their shares that is at a significant
premium to the then-current market price of our shares. These provisions include: 

•

 a “poison pill” shareholder rights plan; 

•

 a statutory restriction on the ability of shareholders to take action by less than unanimous written consent; and 

•

 a statutory restriction on business combinations with some types of interested shareholders. 

Previous changes in the securities laws and regulations have increased, and may continue to increase, our costs; and any future changes would likely increase our
costs. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related new rules promulgated by the SEC and the NYSE, required changes in some of
our corporate governance, securities disclosure and compliance practices. Compliance with these new rules have increased our legal and financial accounting costs for several years following the announcement and effectiveness of these new rules.
While these costs are no longer increasing, they may in fact increase in the future. In addition, any future changes in securities laws, SEC rules or NYSE rules may cause our legal and financial accounting costs to increase. 

Due to inherent limitations, there can be no assurance that our system of disclosure and internal controls and procedures will be successful in preventing all errors
or fraud, or in informing management of all material information in a timely manner. 

Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does
not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and 

29 

Table of Contents

operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system
reflects that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been or will be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur simply because of error
or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. 

The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 

If we receive other than an unqualified opinion on the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2009 and future year-ends as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, investors
could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could result in a decrease in the value of your shares. 

As
directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to include an annual report on internal control over financial reporting in their annual reports on Form 10-K that contains an
assessment by management of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting. The independent registered public accounting firm KPMG LLP issued an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of August 31, 2008. While we continuously conduct a rigorous review of our internal control over financial reporting in order to assure compliance with the Section 404 requirements, if our independent auditors
interpret the Section 404 requirements and the related rules and regulations differently from us or if our independent auditors are not satisfied with our internal control over financial reporting or with the level at which it is documented,
operated or reviewed, they may decline to attest to management’s assessment or issue a qualified report. A qualified opinion could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our
financial statements. 

In addition, we have spent a significant amount of resources in complying with Section 404’s requirements.
For the foreseeable future, we will likely continue to spend substantial amounts complying with Section 404’s requirements, as well as improving and enhancing our internal control over financial reporting. 

There are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any
changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

The consolidated and condensed consolidated financial statements included in the periodic reports we file with the SEC are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in accordance
with U.S. GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses and income. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are
inherently subject to change in the future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and income. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial
position and results of operations. 

We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters and global events. 

Our operations may be subject to natural disasters or other business disruptions, which could seriously harm our results of operation and increase our
costs and expenses. We are susceptible to losses and interruptions 

30 

Table of Contents

caused by hurricanes (including in Florida, where our headquarters are located), earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages,
tsunamis, floods, typhoons, fire, extreme weather conditions, geopolitical events such as terrorist acts and other natural or manmade disasters. Our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and
coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate, or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms. 

Energy price
increases may negatively impact our results of operations. 

Certain of the components that we use in our manufacturing activities are
petroleum-based. In addition, we, along with our suppliers and customers, rely on various energy sources (including oil) in our transportation activities. Over the past several years, energy prices have sharply increased and have experienced
significant volatility. These increased energy prices have resulted in an increase to our raw material costs and transportation costs. In addition, the transportation costs of certain of our suppliers and customers have increased, and some of these
increased costs may be passed along to us. We may not be able to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs. In addition, any increase in our product prices may reduce our future customer orders and profitability. 

The rate of growth of gross domestic product in the U.S. has declined in the last few quarters indicating that the U.S. economy could be in or nearing a recession.

Sustained downturns or sluggishness in the U.S. economy, as well as the global economy, generally affect the markets in which we
operate. In mid-2001, an overall global economic downturn resulted in a decline in demand for our customers’ products which had a negative impact on our results of operations (as well as our overall industry’s). While the recent economic
conditions have not had a material negative impact on our results of operations, they may have such an impact over the next several fiscal quarters and possibly beyond. In addition, the value of certain of our assets has been negatively impacted,
and may be impacted in the future. 

The financial markets have recently experienced significant turmoil. 

If we attempt to obtain future financing, the credit market turmoil could negatively impact our ability to obtain such financing. In addition, the credit
market turmoil has negatively impacted certain of our customers, and certain of their customers. These impacts could lead to a decrease in demand for our products, as well as our customers’ products, which could result in a negative effect on
our results of operations.