As referenced, this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 includes certain forward-looking statements regarding various
 matters. The ultimate correctness of those forward-looking
 statements is dependent upon a number of known and unknown risks
 and events, and is subject to various uncertainties and other
 factors that may cause our actual results, performance or
 achievements to be different from those expressed or implied by
 those statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on those
 forward-looking statements. The following important factors,
 among others, as well as those factors set forth in our other
 SEC filings from time to time, could affect future results and
 events, causing results and events to differ materially from
 those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements.

 Our
 operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors, many
 of which are beyond our control.

 Our annual and quarterly operating results are affected by a
 number of factors, including:

 • 

 adverse changes in current macro-economic conditions, both in
 the U.S. and internationally;

 • 

 the level and timing of customer orders;

 • 

 the level of capacity utilization of our manufacturing
 facilities and associated fixed costs;

 • 

 the composition of the costs of revenue between materials, labor
 and manufacturing overhead;

 • 

 price competition;

 • 

 changes in demand for our products or services;

 • 

 changes in demand in our customers’ end markets;

 • 

 our exposure to financially troubled customers;

 • 

 our level of experience in manufacturing a particular product;

 13

Table of Contents

 • 

 the degree of automation used in our assembly process;

 • 

 the efficiencies achieved in managing inventories and fixed
 assets;

 • 

 fluctuations in materials costs and availability of materials;

 • 

 adverse changes in political conditions, both in the
 U.S. and internationally, including among other things,
 adverse changes in tax laws and rates (and the governments’
 interpretations thereof), adverse changes in trade policies and
 adverse changes in fiscal and monetary policies;

 • 

 seasonality in customers’ product requirements; and

 • 

 the timing of expenditures in anticipation of increased sales,
 customer product delivery requirements and shortages of
 components or labor.

 The volume and timing of orders placed by our customers vary due
 to variation in demand for our customers’ products; our
 customers’ attempts to manage their inventory; electronic
 design changes; changes in our customers’ manufacturing
 strategies; and acquisitions of or consolidations among our
 customers. In addition, our Consumer division is subject to
 seasonal influences. We may realize greater revenue during our
 first fiscal quarter due to high demand for consumer products
 during the holiday selling season. In the past, changes in
 customer orders that reduce net revenue have had a significant
 effect on our results of operations as a result of our overhead
 remaining relatively fixed while our net revenue decreased. Any
 one or a combination of these factors could adversely affect our
 annual and quarterly results of operations in the future. See
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Results of
 Operations.”

 Because
 we depend on a limited number of customers, a reduction in sales
 to any one of our customers could cause a significant decline in
 our revenue.

 For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2010, our five largest
 customers accounted for approximately 45% of our net revenue and
 our top 48 customers accounted for approximately 90% of our net
 revenue. We currently depend, and expect to continue to depend,
 upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant
 percentage of our net revenue and upon their growth, viability
 and financial stability. If any of our customers experience a
 decline in the demand for their products due to economic or
 other forces, they may reduce their purchases from us or
 terminate their relationship with us. Our customers’
 industries have experienced rapid technological change,
 shortening of product life cycles, consolidation, and pricing
 and margin pressures. Consolidation among our customers may
 further reduce the number of customers that generate a
 significant percentage of our net revenue and exposes us to
 increased risks relating to dependence on a small number of
 customers. A significant reduction in sales to any of our
 customers or a customer exerting significant pricing and margin
 pressures on us could have a material adverse effect on our
 results of operations. In the past, some of our customers have
 terminated their manufacturing arrangements with us or have
 significantly reduced or delayed the volume of design,
 production, product management or aftermarket services ordered
 from us, including moving a portion of their manufacturing from
 us in order to more fully utilize their excess internal
 manufacturing capacity.

 Our revenues declined in 2009 as consumers and businesses
 postponed spending in response to tighter credit, negative
 financial news, declines in income or asset values or general
 uncertainty about global economic conditions. These economic
 conditions had a negative impact on our results of operations
 over this period and similar conditions may exist in the future.
 In addition, some of our customers have moved a portion of their
 manufacturing from us in order to more fully utilize their
 excess internal manufacturing capacity. We cannot assure you
 that present or future customers will not terminate their
 design, production, product management and aftermarket services
 arrangements with us or significantly change, reduce or delay
 the amount of services ordered from us. If they do, it could
 have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In
 addition, we generate significant accounts receivable in
 connection with providing design, production, product management
 and aftermarket services to our customers. If one or more of our
 customers were to become insolvent (which two of our customers
 experienced in fiscal year 2009) or otherwise were unable
 to pay for the services provided by us on a timely basis, or at
 all, our operating results and financial condition could be
 adversely affected. Such adverse effects could include one or

 14

Table of Contents

 more of the following: a decline in revenue, a charge for bad
 debts, a charge for inventory write-offs, a decrease in
 inventory turns, an increase in days in inventory and an
 increase in days in trade accounts receivable.

 Certain of the industries to which we provide services, have
 recently experienced significant financial difficulty, with some
 of the participants filing for bankruptcy. Such significant
 financial difficulty has negatively affected our business and,
 if further experienced by one or more of our customers, may
 further negatively affect our business due to the decreased
 demand of these financially distressed customers, the potential
 inability of these companies to make full payment on amounts
 owed to us, or both. See “Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
 and “Risk Factors — We face certain risks in
 collecting our trade accounts receivable.”

 Consolidation
 in industries that utilize electronics components may adversely
 affect our business.

 Consolidation in industries that utilize electronics components
 may further increase as companies combine to achieve further
 economies of scale and other synergies, which could result in an
 increase in excess manufacturing capacity as companies seek to
 divest manufacturing operations or eliminate duplicative product
 lines. Excess manufacturing capacity may increase pricing and
 competitive pressures for our industry as a whole and for us in
 particular. Consolidation could also result in an increasing
 number of very large companies offering products in multiple
 industries. The significant purchasing power and market power of
 these large companies could increase pricing and competitive
 pressures for us. If one of our customers is acquired by another
 company that does not rely on us to provide services and has its
 own production facilities or relies on another provider of
 similar services, we may lose that customer’s business.
 Such consolidation among our customers may further reduce the
 number of customers that generate a significant percentage of
 our net revenue and exposes us to increased risks relating to
 dependence on a small number of customers. Any of the foregoing
 results of industry consolidation could adversely affect our
 business.

 Our
 customers face numerous competitive challenges, such as
 decreasing demand from their customers, rapid technological
 change and short life cycles for their products, which may
 materially adversely affect their business, and also
 ours.

 Factors affecting the industries that utilize electronics
 components in general, and our customers specifically, could
 seriously harm our customers and, as a result, us. These factors
 include:

 • 

 recessionary periods in our customers’ markets;

 • 

 the inability of our customers to adapt to rapidly changing
 technology and evolving industry standards, which contributes to
 short product life cycles;

 • 

 the inability of our customers to develop and market their
 products, some of which are new and untested;

 • 

 the potential that our customers’ products become obsolete;

 • 

 the failure of our customers’ products to gain widespread
 commercial acceptance;

 • 

 increased competition among our customers and their respective
 competitors which may result in a loss of business, or a
 reduction in pricing power, for our customers; and

 • 

 new product offerings by our customers’ competitors may
 prove to be more successful than our customers’ product
 offerings.

 At times our customers have been, and may be in the future,
 unsuccessful in addressing these competitive challenges, or any
 others that they may face, and their business has been, and may
 be in the future, materially adversely affected, and as a
 result, the demand for our services has at times declined and
 may decline in the future. Even if our customers are successful
 in responding to these challenges, their responses may have
 consequences which affect our business relationships with our
 customers (and possibly our results of operations) by altering
 our production cycles and inventory management.

 15

Table of Contents

 The
 success of our business is dependent on both our ability to
 independently keep pace with technological changes and
 competitive conditions in our industry, and also our ability to
 effectively adapt our services in response to our customers
 keeping pace with technological changes and competitive
 conditions in their respective industries.

 If we are unable to offer technologically advanced, cost
 effective, quick response manufacturing services, demand for our
 services will decline. In addition, if we are unable to offer
 services in response to our customers’ changing
 requirements, then demand for our services will also decline. A
 substantial portion of our net revenue is derived from our
 offering of complete service solutions for our customers. For
 example, if we fail to maintain
 high-quality
 design and engineering services, our net revenue may
 significantly decline.

 Most of
 our customers do not commit to long-term production schedules,
 which makes it difficult for us to schedule production and
 capital expenditures, and to maximize the efficiency of our
 manufacturing capacity.

 The volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to:

 • 

 variation in demand for our customers’ products;

 • 

 our customers’ attempts to manage their inventory;

 • 

 electronic design changes;

 • 

 changes in our customers’ manufacturing strategy; and

 • 

 acquisitions of or consolidations among customers.

 Due in part to these factors, most of our customers do not
 commit to firm production schedules for more than one quarter.
 Our inability to forecast the level of customer orders with
 certainty makes it difficult to schedule production and maximize
 utilization of manufacturing capacity. In the past, we have been
 required to increase staffing and other expenses in order to
 meet the anticipated demand of our customers. Anticipated orders
 from many of our customers have, in the past, failed to
 materialize or delivery schedules have been deferred as a result
 of changes in our customers’ business needs, thereby
 adversely affecting our results of operations. On other
 occasions, our customers have required rapid increases in
 production, which have placed an excessive burden on our
 resources. Such customer order fluctuations and deferrals have
 had a material adverse effect on us in the past, including the
 most recent several fiscal quarters, and we may experience such
 effects in the future. See “Management’s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations.”

 In addition to our difficulty in forecasting customer orders, we
 sometimes experience difficulty forecasting the timing of our
 receipt of revenue and earnings following commencement of
 manufacturing an additional product for new or existing
 customers. The necessary process to begin this commencement of
 manufacturing can take from several months to more than a year
 before production begins. Delays in the completion of this
 process can delay the timing of our sales and related earnings.
 In addition, because we make capital expenditures during this
 ramping process and do not typically recognize revenue until
 after we produce and ship the customer’s products, any
 delays or unanticipated costs in the ramping process may have a
 significant adverse effect on our cash flows and our results of
 operations.

 Our
 customers may cancel their orders, change production quantities,
 delay production or change their sourcing strategy.

 Our industry must provide increasingly rapid product turnaround
 for its customers. We generally do not obtain firm, long-term
 purchase commitments from our customers and we continue to
 experience reduced lead-times in customer orders. Customers have
 previously cancelled their orders, changed production
 quantities, delayed production and changed their sourcing
 strategy for a number of reasons, and may do one or more of
 these in the future. Such changes, delays and cancellations have
 led to, and may lead in the future to a decline in our
 production and our possession of excess or obsolete inventory
 which we may not be able to sell to the customer or a third
 party. This has resulted in, and could result in future
 additional, write downs of inventories that have become obsolete
 or exceed anticipated demand or net realizable value.

 16

Table of Contents

 The success of our customers’ products in the market
 affects our business. Cancellations, reductions, delays or
 changes in sourcing strategy by a significant customer or by a
 group of customers have negatively impacted, and could further
 negatively impact in the future, our operating results by
 reducing the number of products that we sell, delaying the
 payment to us for inventory that we purchased and reducing the
 use of our manufacturing facilities which have associated fixed
 costs not dependent on our level of revenue.

 In addition, we make significant decisions, including
 determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept,
 production schedules, component procurement commitments,
 personnel needs and other resource requirements, based on our
 estimate of customer requirements. The short-term nature of our
 customers’ commitments, their uncertainty about future
 economic conditions, and the possibility of rapid changes in
 demand for their products reduce our ability to accurately
 estimate the future requirements of those customers. In
 addition, uncertainty about future economic conditions makes it
 difficult to forecast operating results and make production
 planning decisions about future periods.

 On occasion, customers may require rapid increases in
 production, which can stress our resources and reduce operating
 margins. In addition, because many of our costs and operating
 expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand
 can harm our gross profits and operating results.

 We depend
 on a limited number of suppliers for components that are
 critical to our manufacturing processes. A shortage of these
 components or an increase in their price could interrupt our
 operations and reduce our profits, increase our inventory
 carrying costs, increase our risk of exposure to inventory
 obsolescence and cause us to purchase components of a lesser
 quality.

 Most of our significant long-term customer contracts permit
 quarterly or other periodic adjustments to pricing based on
 decreases and increases in component prices and other factors,
 however we typically bear the risk of component price increases
 that occur between any such re-pricings or, if such re-pricing
 is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the
 particular customer contract. Accordingly, certain component
 price increases could adversely affect our gross profit margins.
 Almost all of the products we manufacture require one or more
 components that are only available from a single source. Some of
 these components are allocated from time to time in response to
 supply shortages. In some cases, supply shortages will
 substantially curtail production of all assemblies using a
 particular component. A supply shortage can also increase our
 cost of goods sold, as a result of our having to pay higher
 prices for components in limited supply, and cause us to have to
 redesign or reconfigure products to accommodate a substitute
 component. In addition, at various times industry-wide shortages
 of electronic components have occurred, particularly of
 semiconductor, relay and capacitor products. These shortages
 have resulted in a delay in the realization of an incremental
 amount of revenue, which, if realized in fiscal year 2010, would
 have likely had a positive impact on our gross profit and net
 income. Some shortages are occurring currently, and may continue
 to occur. We believe these shortages may be due to increased
 economic activity following recent recessionary conditions. In
 the past, such circumstances have produced insignificant levels
 of short-term interruption of our operations, but could have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations in the
 future. Our production of a customer’s product could be
 negatively impacted by any quality or reliability issues with
 any of our component suppliers. The financial condition of our
 suppliers could affect their ability to supply us with
 components which could have a material adverse effect on our
 operations.

 In addition, if a component shortage is threatened or we
 anticipate one, we may purchase such component early to avoid a
 delay or interruption in our operations. A possible result of
 such an early purchase is that we may incur additional inventory
 carrying costs, for which we may not be compensated, and have a
 heightened risk of exposure to inventory obsolescence, the cost
 of which may not be recoverable from our customers. Such costs
 would adversely affect our gross profit and net income. A
 component shortage may also require us to look to second tier
 vendors or to procure components through brokers with whom we
 are not familiar. These components may be of lesser quality than
 those we’ve historically purchased and could cause us to
 incur costs to bring such components up to our typical quality
 levels or to replace defective ones. See “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations” and “Business — Components
 Procurement.”

 17

Table of Contents

 Introducing
 programs requiring implementation of new competencies, including
 new process technology within our mechanical operations, could
 affect our operations and financial results.

 The introduction of programs requiring implementation of new
 competencies, including new process technology within our
 mechanical operations, presents challenges in addition to
 opportunities. Deployment of such programs may require us to
 invest significant resources and capital in facilities,
 equipment
 and/or
 personnel. We may not meet our customers’ expectations or
 otherwise execute properly or in a cost-efficient manner, which
 could damage our customer relationships and result in remedial
 costs or the loss of our invested capital and anticipated
 revenues and profits. In addition, there are risks of market
 acceptance and product performance that could result in less
 demand than anticipated and our having excess capacity. The
 failure to ensure that our agreed terms appropriately reflect
 the anticipated costs, risks, and rewards of such an opportunity
 could adversely affect our profitability. If we do not meet one
 or more of these challenges, our operations and financial
 results could be adversely affected.

 Customer
 relationships with emerging companies may present more risks
 than with established companies.

 Customer relationships with emerging companies present special
 risks because such companies do not have an extensive product
 history. As a result, there is less demonstration of market
 acceptance of their products making it harder for us to
 anticipate needs and requirements than with established
 customers. In addition, due to the current economic environment,
 additional funding for such companies may be more difficult to
 obtain and these customer relationships may not continue or
 materialize to the extent we planned or we previously
 experienced. This tightening of financing for
 start-up
 customers, together with many

start-up
 customers’ lack of prior operations and unproven product
 markets increase our credit risk, especially in trade accounts
 receivable and inventories. Although we perform ongoing credit
 evaluations of our customers and adjust our allowance for
 doubtful accounts receivable for all customers, including

start-up
 customers, based on the information available, these allowances
 may not be adequate. This risk may exist for any new emerging
 company customers in the future.

 We
 compete with numerous other electronic manufacturing services
 and design providers and others, including our current and
 potential customers who may decide to manufacture some or all of
 their products internally.

 Our business is highly competitive. We compete against numerous
 domestic and foreign electronic manufacturing services and
 design providers, including Benchmark Electronics, Inc.,
 Celestica, Inc., Flextronics International Ltd., Hon-Hai
 Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Plexus Corp. and Sanmina-SCI
 Corporation. In addition, past consolidation in our industry has
 resulted in larger and more geographically diverse competitors
 who have significant combined resources with which to compete
 against us. Also, we may in the future encounter competition
 from other large electronic manufacturers, and manufacturers
 that are focused solely on design and manufacturing services,
 that are selling, or may begin to sell electronics manufacturing
 services. Most of our competitors have international operations
 and significant financial resources and some have substantially
 greater manufacturing, R&D and marketing resources than us.
 These competitors may:

 • 

 respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies;

 • 

 have greater name recognition, critical mass and geographic
 market presence;

 • 

 be better able to take advantage of acquisition opportunities;

 • 

 adapt more quickly to changes in customer requirements;

 • 

 devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale
 of their services;

 • 

 be better positioned to compete on price for their services, as
 a result of any combination of lower labor costs, lower
 components costs, lower facilities costs or lower operating
 costs; and

 • 

 have excess capacity, and be better able to utilize such excess
 capacity which may reduce the cost of their product or service.

 18

Table of Contents

 We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of
 our current and potential customers, who are continually
 evaluating the merits of manufacturing products internally
 against the advantages of outsourcing. Recently, some of our
 customers have moved a portion of their manufacturing from us in
 order to more fully utilize their excess internal manufacturing
 capacity.

 We may be operating at a cost disadvantage compared to
 competitors who have greater direct buying power from component
 suppliers, distributors and raw material suppliers or who have
 lower cost structures as a result of their geographic location
 or the services they provide or who are willing to make sales or
 provide services at lower margins than us (including
 relationships where our competitors are willing to accept a
 lower margin from certain of their customers for whom they
 perform other higher margin business). As a result, competitors
 may procure a competitive advantage and obtain business from our
 customers. Our manufacturing processes are generally not subject
 to significant proprietary protection. In addition, companies
 with greater resources or a greater market presence may enter
 our market or increase their competition with us. We also expect
 our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their
 current products or services, to reduce the sales prices of
 their current products or services and to introduce new products
 or services that may offer greater performance and improved
 pricing. Any of these developments could cause a decline in our
 sales, loss of market acceptance of our products or services,
 compression of our profits or loss of our market share.

 The
 economies of the U.S., Europe and certain countries in Asia are,
 or have recently been, in a recession.

 There was an erosion of global consumer confidence amidst
 concerns over declining asset values, inflation, volatility in
 energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of
 credit, rising unemployment, and the stability and solvency of
 financial institutions, financial markets, businesses, and
 sovereign nations. These concerns slowed global economic growth
 and resulted in recessions in many countries, including in the
 U.S., Europe and certain countries in Asia. Even though we have
 seen signs of an overall economic recovery beginning to take
 place and the National Bureau of Economic Research has recently
 declared that the U.S. recession ended in June 2009, such
 recovery may be weak
 and/or
 short-lived. Recessionary conditions may return. If any of these
 potential negative, or less than positive, economic conditions
 occur, a number of negative effects on our business could
 result, including customers or potential customers reducing or
 delaying orders, increased pricing pressures, the insolvency of
 key suppliers, which could result in production delays, the
 inability of customers to obtain credit, and the insolvency of
 one or more customers. Thus, these economic conditions
 (1) could negatively impact our ability to
 (a) forecast customer demand, (b) effectively manage
 inventory levels and (c) collect receivables;
 (2) could increase our need for cash; and (3) have
 decreased our net revenue and profitability and negatively
 impacted the value of certain of our properties and other
 assets. Depending on the length of time that these conditions
 exist, they may cause future additional negative effects,
 including some of those listed above.

 The
 financial markets have recently experienced significant turmoil,
 which may adversely affect financial arrangements we may need to
 enter into, refinance or repay.

 The effects of the recent credit market turmoil could negatively
 impact the counterparties to our forward exchange contracts and
 trade accounts receivable securitization and sale programs; our
 lenders under the Company’s existing amended and restated
 five year unsecured credit facility dated as of July 19,
 2007 (the “Credit Facility”); and our lenders under
 various foreign subsidiary credit facilities. These potential
 negative impacts could potentially limit our ability to borrow
 under these financing agreements, contracts, facilities and
 programs. In addition, if we attempt to obtain future additional
 financing, such as renewing or refinancing the
 $800.0 million revolving credit portion of the Credit
 Facility expiring on July 19, 2012, our $270.0 million
 asset-backed securitization program expiring on March 16,
 2011, our $100.0 million foreign asset-backed
 securitization program expiring on March 17, 2011 or our
 $200.0 million and $75.0 million uncommitted trade
 accounts receivable sale programs expiring on May 25, 2011
 and August 24, 2011, respectively, the effects of the
 recent credit market turmoil could negatively impact our ability
 to obtain such financing. Finally, the credit market turmoil has
 negatively impacted certain of our customers, especially those
 in the automotive industry, and certain of their customers.
 These impacts could have several consequences which could have a
 negative effect on our results of

 19

Table of Contents

 operations, including one or more of the following: a negative
 impact on our liquidity; a decrease in demand for our services;
 a decrease in demand for our customers’ products; and bad
 debt charges or inventory write-offs.

 Our
 business could be adversely affected by any delays, or increased
 costs, resulting from issues that our common carriers are
 dealing with in transporting our materials, our products, or
 both.

 We rely on a variety of common carriers to transport our
 materials from our suppliers to us, and to transport our
 products from us to our customers. Problems suffered by any of
 these common carriers, whether due to a natural disaster, labor
 problem, increased energy prices or some other issue, could
 result in shipping delays, increased costs, or some other supply
 chain disruption, and could therefore have a material adverse
 effect on our operations.

 We derive
 a majority of our revenue from our international operations,
 which may be subject to a number of risks and often require more
 management time and expense to achieve profitability than our
 domestic operations.

 We derived 84.7% of net revenue from international operations in
 fiscal year 2010 compared to 83.8% in fiscal year 2009. We
 currently expect our foreign source revenue to remain relatively
 consistent as compared to current levels over the course of the
 next 12 months. At August 31, 2010, we operate outside
 the U.S. in Vienna, Austria; Hasselt, Belgium; Belo
 Horizonte, Manaus and Sorocaba, Brazil; Beijing, Huangpu,
 Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Suzhou, Tianjin, Wuxi and Yantai,
 China; Coventry, England; Jena, Germany; Szombathely and
 Tiszaujvaros, Hungary; Pune, Mumbai and Ranjangaon, India;
 Dublin, Ireland; Gotemba, Hachiouji and Tokyo, Japan; Penang,
 Malaysia; Chihuahua, Guadalajara, Nogales and Reynosa, Mexico;
 Amsterdam and Eindhoven, The Netherlands; Bydgoszcz and Kwidzyn,
 Poland; Tver, Russia; Ayr and Livingston, Scotland; Alexandra,
 Tampines and Toa Payoh, Singapore; Hsinchu, Taichung and Taipei,
 Taiwan; Ankara, Turkey; Uzhgorod, Ukraine and Ho Chi Minh City,
 Vietnam. We continually consider additional opportunities to
 make foreign acquisitions and construct and open new foreign
 facilities. Our international operations are, have been and may
 be subject to a number of risks, including:

 • 

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;

 • 

 less flexible employee relationships which can be difficult and
 expensive to terminate;

 • 

 labor unrest and dissatisfaction, including increased scrutiny
 of the labor practices (including but not limited to working
 conditions, compliance with employment and labor laws and
 compensation) of us and others in our industry by the media and
 other third parties, which may result in further scrutiny and
 allegations of violations, more stringent and burdensome labor
 laws and regulations, higher labor costs,
 and/or loss
 of revenues if our customers become dissatisfied with our labor
 practices and diminish or terminate their relationship with us;

 • 

 political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism,
 widespread criminal activities and outbreaks of war);

 • 

 inadequate infrastructure for our operations (i.e. lack of
 adequate power, water, transportation and raw materials);

 • 

 health concerns and related government actions;

 • 

 coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic
 distances and multiple time zones;

 • 

 risk of governmental expropriation of our property;

 • 

 less favorable, or relatively undefined, intellectual property
 laws;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws or
 government or judicial interpretations of such regulatory
 requirements and laws;

 • 

 longer customer payment cycles and difficulty collecting trade
 accounts receivable;

 • 

 domestic and foreign export control laws, including the
 International Traffic in Arms Regulations and the Export
 Administration Regulations (“EAR”), regulation by the
 United States Department of Commerce’s

 20

Table of Contents

 Bureau of Industry and Security under the EAR, as well as
 additional export duties, import controls and trade barriers
 (including quotas);

 • 

 adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the
 policies of either the U.S. or any of the foreign
 jurisdictions in which we operate;

 • 

 adverse changes in tax rates;

 • 

 adverse changes to the manner in which the U.S. taxes
 U.S.-based
 multinational companies or interprets its tax laws;

 • 

 legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or
 increase prices;

 • 

 governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from
 our operations outside the U.S.;

 • 

 burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and
 foreign laws, including those relating to export and import
 duties, environmental policies and privacy issues;

 • 

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could affect
 local payroll and other expenses;

 • 

 inability to utilize net operating losses incurred by our
 foreign operations against future income in the same
 jurisdiction; and

 • 

 economies that are emerging or developing , that may be subject
 to greater currency volatility, negative growth, high inflation,
 limited availability of foreign exchange and other risks.

 These factors may harm our results of operations, and any
 measures that we may implement to reduce the effect of volatile
 currencies and other risks of our international operations may
 not be effective. In our experience, entry into new
 international markets requires considerable management time as
 well as
 start-up
 expenses for market development, hiring and establishing
 facilities before any significant revenue is generated. As a
 result, initial operations in a new market may operate at low
 margins or may be unprofitable. See “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources.”

 Another significant legal risk resulting from our international
 operations is compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
 Practices Act (“FCPA”). In many foreign countries,
 particularly in those with developing economies, it may be a
 local custom that businesses operating in such countries engage
 in business practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other
 U.S. laws and regulations. Although we have implemented
 policies and procedures designed to cause compliance with the
 FCPA and similar laws, there can be no assurance that all of our
 employees, and agents, as well as those companies to which we
 outsource certain of our business operations, will not take
 actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation, even
 if prohibited by our policies, could have a material adverse
 effect on our business.

 If we do
 not manage our growth effectively, our profitability could
 decline.

 Areas of our business at times experience periods of rapid
 growth which can place considerable additional demands upon our
 management team and our operational, financial and management
 information systems. Our ability to manage growth effectively
 requires us to continue to implement and improve these systems;
 avoid cost overruns; maintain customer, supplier and other
 favorable business relationships during possible transition
 periods; continue to develop the management skills of our
 managers and supervisors; and continue to train, motivate and
 manage our employees. Our failure to effectively manage growth
 could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

 We have
 on occasion not achieved, and may not in the future achieve,
 expected profitability from our acquisitions.

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully
 integrate the operations and management of our recent
 acquisitions. Similarly, we cannot assure you that we will be
 able to (1) identify future strategic acquisitions,
 (2) consummate these potential acquisitions on favorable
 terms, if at all, or (3) if consummated, successfully

 21

Table of Contents

 integrate the operations and management of future acquisitions.
 Acquisitions involve significant risks, which could have a
 material adverse effect on us, including:

 • 

 Financial risks, such as (1) the payment of a purchase
 price that exceeds the future value that we may realize from the
 acquired operations and businesses; (2) an increase in our
 expenses and working capital requirements, which could reduce
 our return on invested capital; (3) potential known and
 unknown liabilities of the acquired businesses; (4) costs
 associated with integrating acquired operations and businesses;
 (5) the dilutive effect of the issuance of any additional
 equity securities we issue as consideration for, or to finance,
 the acquisition; (6) the incurrence of additional debt;
 (7) the financial impact of incorrectly valuing goodwill
 and other intangible assets involved in any acquisitions,
 potential future impairment write-downs of goodwill and
 indefinite life intangibles and the amortization of other
 intangible assets; (8) possible adverse tax and accounting
 effects; and (9) the risk that we spend substantial amounts
 purchasing these manufacturing facilities and assume significant
 contractual and other obligations with no guaranteed levels of
 revenue or that we may have to close or sell acquired facilities
 at our cost, which may include substantial employee severance
 costs and asset write-offs, which have resulted, and may result,
 in our incurring significant losses.

 • 

 Operating risks, such as (1) the diversion of
 management’s attention to the assimilation of the acquired
 businesses; (2) the risk that the acquired businesses will
 fail to maintain the quality of services that we have
 historically provided; (3) the need to implement financial
 and other systems and add management resources; (4) the
 need to maintain customer, supplier or other favorable business
 relationships of acquired operations and restructure or
 terminate unfavorable relationships; (5) the potential for
 deficiencies in internal controls of the acquired operations;
 (6) we may not be able to attract and retain the employees
 necessary to support the acquired businesses;
 (7) unforeseen difficulties (including any unanticipated
 liabilities) in the acquired operations; and (8) the impact
 on us of any unionized work force we may acquire or any labor
 disruptions that might occur.

 Most of our acquisitions involve operations outside of the
 U.S. which are subject to various risks including those
 described in “Risk Factors — We derive a majority
 of our revenue from our international operations, which may be
 subject to a number of risks and often require more management
 time and expense to achieve profitability than our domestic
 operations.”

 We have acquired and may continue to pursue the acquisition of
 manufacturing and supply chain management operations from our
 customers (or potential customers). In these acquisitions, the
 divesting company will typically enter into a supply arrangement
 with the acquirer. Therefore, our competitors often also pursue
 these acquisitions. In addition, certain divesting companies may
 choose not to offer to sell their operations to us because of
 our current supply arrangements with other companies or may
 require terms and conditions that may impact our profitability.
 If we are unable to attract and consummate some of these
 acquisition opportunities at favorable terms, our growth and
 profitability could be adversely impacted.

 In addition to those risks listed above, arrangements entered
 into with these divesting companies typically involve certain
 other risks, including the following:

 • 

 the integration into our business of the acquired assets and
 facilities may be time-consuming and costly;

 • 

 we, rather than the divesting company, may bear the risk of
 excess capacity;

 • 

 we may not achieve anticipated cost reductions and efficiencies;

 • 

 we may be unable to meet the expectations of the divesting
 company as to volume, product quality, timeliness, pricing
 requirements and cost reductions; and

 • 

 if demand for the divesting company’s products declines, it
 may reduce their volume of purchases and we may not be able to
 sufficiently reduce the expenses of operating the facility we
 acquired from them or use such facility to provide services to
 other customers.

 In addition, when acquiring manufacturing operations, we may
 receive limited commitments to firm production schedules.
 Accordingly, in these circumstances, we may spend substantial
 amounts purchasing these manufacturing facilities and assume
 significant contractual and other obligations with no or
 insufficient guaranteed

 22

Table of Contents

 levels of revenue. We may also not achieve expected
 profitability from these arrangements. As a result of these and
 other risks, these outsourcing opportunities may not be
 profitable.

 We have expanded the primary scope of our acquisitions strategy
 beyond acquiring the manufacturing assets of our customers and
 potential customers to include manufacturing service providers
 with business plans similar to ours and companies with certain
 key technologies and capabilities that complement and support
 our other current business activities. The amount and scope of
 the risks associated with acquisitions of this type extend
 beyond those that we have traditionally faced in making
 acquisitions. These extended risks include greater uncertainties
 in the financial benefits and potential liabilities associated
 with this expanded base of acquisitions.

 We face
 risks arising from the restructuring of our
 operations.

 Over the past few years, we have undertaken initiatives to
 restructure our business operations with the intention of
 improving utilization and realizing cost savings in the future.
 These initiatives have included changing the number and location
 of our production facilities, largely to align our capacity and
 infrastructure with current and anticipated customer demand.
 This alignment includes transferring programs from higher cost
 geographies to lower cost geographies. The process of
 restructuring entails, among other activities, moving production
 between facilities, closing facilities, reducing the level of
 staff, realigning our business processes and reorganizing our
 management.

 We continuously evaluate our operations and cost structure
 relative to general economic conditions, market demands, cost
 competitiveness and our geographic footprint as it relates to
 our customers’ production requirements. As a result of this
 ongoing evaluation, we initiated the 2006 Restructuring Plan and
 the 2009 Restructuring Plan. See “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Results of Operations —
 Restructuring and Impairment Charges” and
 Note 9 — “Restructuring and Impairment
 Charges” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 further details. If we incur unexpected restructuring charges
 related to the 2006 Restructuring Plan, the 2009 Restructuring
 Plan, or both, or in connection with any potential future
 restructuring program, our financial condition and results of
 operations may suffer. We expect that in the future we may
 continue to transfer certain of our operations to lower cost
 geographies, which may require us to take additional
 restructuring charges. We also may decide to transfer certain
 operations to other geographies based on changes in our
 customers’ requirements, the tax rates in the jurisdictions
 in which we operate or other factors. Restructurings present
 significant potential risks of events occurring that could
 adversely affect us, including a decrease in employee morale,
 delays encountered in finalizing the scope of, and implementing,
 the restructurings (including extensive consultations concerning
 potential workforce reductions, particularly in locations
 outside of the U.S.), the failure to achieve targeted cost
 savings and the failure to meet operational targets and customer
 requirements due to the loss of employees and any work stoppages
 that might occur. These risks are further complicated by our
 extensive international operations, which subject us to
 different legal and regulatory requirements that govern the
 extent and speed, of our ability to reduce our manufacturing
 capacity and workforce. In addition, the current global economic
 conditions may change how governments regulate restructuring as
 the recent global recession has impacted local economies.
 Finally, we may have to obtain agreements from our affected
 customers for the re-location of our facilities in certain
 instances. Obtaining these agreements, along with the volatility
 in our customers’ demand, can further delay restructuring
 activities.

 We may
 not be able to maintain our engineering, technological and
 manufacturing process expertise.

 The markets for our manufacturing and engineering services are
 characterized by rapidly changing technology and evolving
 process development. The continued success of our business will
 depend upon our ability to:

 • 

 hire, retain and expand our qualified engineering and technical
 personnel;

 • 

 maintain technological leadership;

 • 

 develop and market manufacturing services that meet changing
 customer needs; and

 • 

 successfully anticipate or respond to technological changes in
 manufacturing processes on a cost-effective and timely basis.

 23

Table of Contents

 Although we believe that our operations use the assembly and
 testing technologies, equipment and processes that are currently
 required by our customers, we cannot be certain that we will
 develop the capabilities required by our customers in the
 future. The emergence of new technology, industry standards or
 customer requirements may render our equipment, inventory or
 processes obsolete or noncompetitive. In addition, we may have
 to acquire new assembly and testing technologies and equipment
 to remain competitive. The acquisition and implementation of new
 technologies and equipment may require significant expense or
 capital investment, which could reduce our operating margins and
 our operating results. In facilities that we establish or
 acquire, we may not be able to maintain our engineering,
 technological and manufacturing process expertise. Our failure
 to anticipate and adapt to our customers’ changing
 technological needs and requirements or to hire and retain a
 sufficient number of engineers and maintain our engineering,
 technological and manufacturing expertise, could have a material
 adverse effect on our business.

 If our
 manufacturing processes and services do not comply with
 applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, or if we
 manufacture products containing design or manufacturing defects,
 demand for our services may decline and we may be subject to
 liability claims.

 We manufacture and design products to our customers’
 specifications, and, in some cases, our manufacturing processes
 and facilities may need to comply with applicable statutory and
 regulatory requirements. For example, medical devices that we
 manufacture or design, as well as the facilities and
 manufacturing processes that we use to produce them, are
 regulated by the Food and Drug Administration and
 non-U.S. counterparts
 of this agency. Similarly, items we manufacture for customers in
 the defense and aerospace industries, as well as the processes
 we use to produce them, are regulated by the Department of
 Defense and the Federal Aviation Authority. In addition, our
 customers’ products and the manufacturing processes that we
 use to produce them often are highly complex. As a result,
 products that we manufacture may at times contain manufacturing
 or design defects, and our manufacturing processes may be
 subject to errors or not be in compliance with applicable
 statutory and regulatory requirements. Defects in the products
 we manufacture or design, whether caused by a design,
 manufacturing or component failure or error, or deficiencies in
 our manufacturing processes, may result in delayed shipments to
 customers or reduced or cancelled customer orders. If these
 defects or deficiencies are significant, our business reputation
 may also be damaged. The failure of the products that we
 manufacture or our manufacturing processes and facilities to
 comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements may
 subject us to legal fines or penalties and, in some cases,
 require us to shut down or incur considerable expense to correct
 a manufacturing process or facility. In addition, these defects
 may result in liability claims against us or expose us to
 liability to pay for the recall of a product. The magnitude of
 such claims may increase as we expand our medical and aerospace
 and defense manufacturing services, as defects in medical
 devices and aerospace and defense systems could seriously harm
 or kill users of these products and others. Even if our
 customers are responsible for the defects, they may not, or may
 not have resources to, assume responsibility for any costs or
 liabilities arising from these defects, which could expose us to
 additional liability claims.

 Our
 regular manufacturing processes and services may result in
 exposure to intellectual property infringement and other
 claims.

 Providing manufacturing services can expose us to potential
 claims that the product design or manufacturing processes
 infringe third party intellectual property rights. Even though
 many of our manufacturing services contracts generally require
 our customers to indemnify us for infringement claims relating
 to their products, including associated product specifications
 and designs, a particular customer may not, or may not have the
 resources to assume responsibility for such claims. In addition,
 we may be responsible for claims that our manufacturing
 processes or components used in manufacturing infringe third
 party intellectual property rights. Infringement claims could
 subject us to significant liability for damages, and potentially
 injunctive action, or hamper our normal operations such as by
 interfering with the availability of components and, regardless
 of merits, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve.

 24

Table of Contents

 Our
 design services offerings may result in additional exposure to
 product liability, intellectual property infringement and other
 claims, in addition to the business risk of being unable to
 produce the revenues necessary to profit from these
 services.

 We continue our efforts to offer certain design services,
 primarily those relating to products that we manufacture for our
 customers, and we also continue to offer design services related
 to collaborative design manufacturing and turnkey solutions
 (including end-user products and components as products).
 Providing such services can expose us to different or greater
 potential liabilities than those we face when providing our
 regular manufacturing services. Our design services business
 increases our exposure to potential product liability claims
 resulting from injuries caused by defects in products we design,
 as well as potential claims that products we design or processes
 we use infringe third-party intellectual property rights. Such
 claims could subject us to significant liability for damages,
 subject the infringing portion of our business to injunction
 and, regardless of their merits, could be time-consuming and
 expensive to resolve. We also may have greater potential
 exposure from warranty claims and from product recalls due to
 problems caused by product design. Costs associated with
 possible product liability claims, intellectual property
 infringement claims and product recalls could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations. When providing
 collaborative design manufacturing or turnkey solutions, we may
 not be guaranteed revenue needed to recoup or profit from the
 investment in the resources necessary to design and develop
 products. No revenue may be generated from these efforts if our
 customers do not approve the designs in a timely manner or at
 all, or if they do not then purchase anticipated levels of
 products. Furthermore, contracts may allow the customer to delay
 or cancel deliveries and may not obligate the customer to any
 volume of purchases, or may provide for penalties or
 cancellation of orders if we are late in delivering designs or
 products. We may also have the responsibility to ensure that
 products we design satisfy safety and regulatory standards and
 to obtain any necessary certifications. Failure to timely obtain
 the necessary approvals or certifications could prevent us from
 selling these products, which in turn could harm our sales,
 profitability and reputation.

 In our contracts with turnkey solutions customers, we generally
 provide them with a warranty against defects in our designs. If
 a turnkey solutions product or component that we design is found
 to be defective in its design, this may lead to increased
 warranty claims. Warranty claims may also extend to defects
 caused by components or materials used in the products but which
 are provided to us by our suppliers. Although we have product
 liability insurance coverage, it may not be available on
 acceptable terms, in sufficient amounts, or at all. A successful
 product liability claim in excess of our insurance coverage or
 any material claim for which insurance coverage was denied or
 limited and for which indemnification was not available could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
 operations and financial condition. Moreover, even if the claim
 relates to a defect caused by a supplier, we may not be able to
 get an adequate remedy from the supplier.

 The
 success of our turnkey solution activities depends in part on
 our ability to obtain, protect and leverage intellectual
 property rights to our designs.

 We strive to obtain and protect certain intellectual property
 rights to our turnkey solutions designs. We believe that having
 a significant level of protected proprietary technology gives us
 a competitive advantage in marketing our services. However, we
 cannot be certain that the measures that we employ will result
 in protected intellectual property rights or will result in the
 prevention of unauthorized use of our technology. If we are
 unable to obtain and protect intellectual property rights
 embodied within our designs, this could reduce or eliminate the
 competitive advantages of our proprietary technology, which
 would harm our business.

 Intellectual
 property infringement claims against our customers, our
 suppliers or us could harm our business.

 Our turnkey solutions products and the products of our customers
 may compete against the products of other companies, many of
 whom may own the intellectual property rights underlying those
 products. Such products may also infringe the intellectual
 property rights of third parties that may hold key intellectual
 property rights in areas in which we operate but which such
 third parties do not actively provide products. Patent clearance
 or licensing activities, if any, may be inadequate to anticipate
 and avoid third party claims. As a result, in addition to the
 risk that we could become subject to claims of intellectual
 property infringement, our customers or suppliers could become
 subject to infringement claims. Additionally, customers for our
 turnkey solutions services, or collaborative designs

 25

Table of Contents

 in which we have significant technology contributions, typically
 require that we indemnify them against the risk of intellectual
 property infringement. If any claims are brought against us or
 against our customers for such infringement, regardless of their
 merits, we could be required to expend significant resources in
 the defense or settlement of such claims, or in the defense or
 settlement of related indemnification claims from our customers.
 In the event of a claim, we may be required to spend a
 significant amount of money to develop non-infringing
 alternatives or obtain licenses. We may not be successful in
 developing such alternatives or obtaining such a license on
 reasonable terms or at all. Our customers may be required to or
 decide to discontinue products which are alleged to be
 infringing rather than face continued costs of defending the
 infringement claims, and such discontinuance may result in a
 significant decrease in our business.

 We depend
 on our officers, managers and skilled personnel.

 Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued
 services of our executive officers and other skilled personnel.
 Generally our employees are not bound by employment or
 non-competition agreements, and we cannot assure you that we
 will retain our executive officers and other key employees. We
 could be seriously harmed by the loss of any of our executive
 officers. In order to manage our growth, we will need to
 internally develop and recruit and retain additional skilled
 management personnel and if we are not able to do so, our
 business and our ability to continue to grow could be harmed.

 Any delay
 in the implementation of our information systems could disrupt
 our operations and cause unanticipated increases in our
 costs.

 We have completed the installation of an Enterprise Resource
 Planning system in most of our manufacturing sites, excluding
 certain of the sites we acquired in the Taiwan Green Point
 Enterprises Co., Ltd. (“Green Point”) acquisition
 transaction, and in our corporate location. We are in the
 process of installing this system in certain of our remaining
 facilities, including additional Green Point sites, which will
 replace the current Manufacturing Resource Planning system, and
 financial information systems. Any delay in the implementation
 of these information systems could result in material adverse
 consequences, including disruption of operations, loss of
 information and unanticipated increases in costs.

 Compliance
 or the failure to comply with current and future environmental,
 product stewardship and producer responsibility laws or
 regulations could cause us significant expense.

 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign
 environmental, product stewardship and producer responsibility
 laws and regulations, including those relating to the use,
 storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous chemicals used
 during our manufacturing process, those requiring design changes
 or conformity assessments or those relating to the recycling of
 products we manufacture. If we fail to comply with any present
 and future regulations, we could become subject to future
 liabilities, and we could face the suspension of production, or
 prohibitions on sales of products we manufacture. In addition,
 such regulations could restrict our ability to expand our
 facilities or could require us to acquire costly equipment, or
 to incur other significant expenses, including expenses
 associated with the recall of any non-compliant product or with
 changes in our procurement and inventory management activities.

 Certain environmental laws impose liability for the costs of
 investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic
 substances on an owner, occupier or operator of real estate,
 even if such person or company was unaware of or not responsible
 for the presence of such substances. Soil and groundwater
 contamination may have occurred at some of our facilities. From
 time to time we investigate, remediate and monitor soil and
 groundwater contamination at certain of our operating sites. In
 certain instances where contamination existed prior to our
 ownership or occupation of a site, landlords or former owners
 have retained some contractual responsibility for contamination
 and remediation. However, failure of such persons to perform
 those obligations could result in us being required to remediate
 such contamination. As a result, we may incur
 clean-up
 costs in such potential removal or remediation efforts. In other
 instances, we may be solely responsible for

clean-up
 costs associated with remediation efforts.

 26

Table of Contents

 From time to time new regulations are enacted, or existing
 requirements are changed, and it is difficult to anticipate how
 such regulations and changes will be implemented and enforced.
 We continue to evaluate the necessary steps for compliance with
 regulations as they are enacted.

 Over the last several years, we have become subject to certain
 legal requirements, principally in Europe, regarding the use of
 certain hazardous substances in, and the collection, reuse and
 recycling of waste from, certain products that use or generate
 electricity. Similar requirements are being developed or imposed
 in other areas of the world where we manufacture or sell
 products, including China and the U.S. We believe that we
 comply, and will be able to continue to comply, with such
 emerging requirements. We may experience negative consequences
 from these emerging requirements however, including, but not
 limited to, supply shortages or delays, increased raw material
 and component costs, accelerated obsolescence of certain of our
 raw materials, components and products and the need to modify or
 create new designs for our existing and future products.

 Our failure to comply with any applicable regulatory
 requirements or with related contractual obligations could
 result in our being directly or indirectly liable for costs
 (including product recall
 and/or
 replacement costs), fines or penalties and third-party claims,
 and could jeopardize our ability to conduct business in the
 jurisdictions implementing them.

 In addition, as global warming issues become more prevalent, the
 U.S. and foreign governments are beginning to respond to
 these issues. This increasing governmental focus on global
 warming may result in new environmental regulations that may
 negatively affect us, our suppliers and our customers. This
 could cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying
 with any new environmental regulations, as well as increased
 indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers or both
 incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us.
 These costs may adversely impact our operations and financial
 condition.

 We and our customers are increasingly concerned with
 environmental issues, such as waste management (including
 recycling) and climate change (including reducing carbon
 outputs). We expect these concerns to grow and require increased
 investments of time and resources.

 We are
 subject to the risk of increased taxes.

 We base our tax position upon the anticipated nature and conduct
 of our business and upon our understanding of the tax laws of
 the various countries in which we have assets or conduct
 activities. Our tax position, however, is subject to review and
 possible challenge by taxing authorities and to possible changes
 in law (including adverse changes to the manner in which the
 U.S. taxes U.S. based multinational companies). We
 cannot determine in advance the extent to which some
 jurisdictions may assess additional tax or interest and
 penalties on such additional taxes.

 For example, during the third quarter of fiscal year 2010, the
 Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) completed its field
 examination of our tax returns for the fiscal years 2003 through
 2005 and issued a Revenue Agent’s Report on April 30,
 2010 proposing adjustments primarily related to:
 (1) certain costs that we treated as corporate expenses and
 that the IRS proposes be charged out to our foreign affiliates
 and (2) certain purported intangible values the IRS felt
 were transferred to certain of our foreign subsidiaries free of
 charge. If the IRS ultimately prevails in its positions, our
 additional income tax payment due for the fiscal years 2003
 through 2005 would be approximately $70.2 million before
 utilization of any tax attributes arising in periods subsequent
 to fiscal year 2005. In addition, the IRS will likely make
 similar claims in future audits with respect to these types of
 transactions (at this time, determination of the additional
 income tax due for these later years is not practicable). Also,
 the IRS has proposed interest and penalties with respect to
 fiscal years 2003 through 2005 and we anticipate the IRS may
 seek to impose interest and penalties in subsequent years with
 respect to the same types of issues. We disagree with the
 proposed adjustments and intend to vigorously contest this
 matter through applicable IRS and judicial procedures, as
 appropriate. While we currently believe that the resolution of
 these issues will not have a material effect on our financial
 position or liquidity, an unfavorable resolution, particularly
 if the IRS successfully asserts similar claims for later years,
 could have a material effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition (particularly in the quarter in which any
 adjustment is recorded or any tax is due or paid). For further
 discussion related to our income taxes, refer to
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations —

 27

Table of Contents

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Income
 Taxes” and Note 4 — “Income Taxes”
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 In addition, our effective tax rate may be increased by the
 generation of higher income in countries with higher tax rates,
 or changes in local tax rates. For example, China enacted a
 unified enterprise income tax law, effective January 1,
 2008, which has resulted in a higher tax rate on operations in
 China as the rate increase is phased in over several years.

 Several countries in which we are located allow for tax
 incentives to attract and retain business. We have obtained
 incentives where available and practicable. Our taxes could
 increase if certain tax incentives are retracted (which in some
 cases could occur if we fail to satisfy the conditions on which
 such incentives are based), or if they are not renewed upon
 expiration, or tax rates applicable to us in such jurisdictions
 are otherwise increased. It is anticipated that tax incentives
 with respect to certain operations will expire within the next
 year. However, due to the possibility of changes in existing tax
 law and our operations, we are unable to predict how these
 expirations will impact us in the future. In addition,
 acquisitions may cause our effective tax rate to increase,
 depending on the jurisdictions in which the acquired operations
 are located.

 Our
 credit rating may be downgraded.

 Our credit is rated by credit rating agencies. Our
 7.750% Senior Notes and our 8.250% Senior Notes are
 currently rated BBB- by Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”), Ba1
 by Moody’s and BB+ by S&P, and are considered to be
 below “investment grade” debt by Moody’s and
 S&P and “investment grade” debt by Fitch. Any
 potential future negative change in our credit rating, may make
 it more expensive for us to raise additional capital in the
 future on terms that are acceptable to us, if at all; may
 negatively impact the price of our common stock; may increase
 our interest payments under existing debt agreements; and may
 have other negative implications on our business, many of which
 are beyond our control. In addition, as discussed in
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and
 Capital Resources,” the interest rate payable on the
 8.250% Senior Notes and under the Credit Facility is
 subject to adjustment from time to time if our credit ratings
 change. Thus, any potential future negative change in our credit
 rating may increase the interest rate payable on the
 8.250% Senior Notes, the Credit Facility and certain of our
 other borrowings.

 Our
 amount of debt could significantly increase in the
 future.

 As of August 31, 2010, our debt obligations consisted of
 $400.0 million under our 8.250% Senior Notes,
 $312.0 million under our 7.750% Senior Notes and
 $340.0 million outstanding under the term portion of our
 Credit Facility. As of August 31, 2010, there was
 $147.6 million outstanding under various bank loans to
 certain of our foreign subsidiaries and under various other debt
 obligations. Refer to “Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources” and
 Note 7 — “Notes Payable, Long-Term Debt and
 Long-Term Lease Obligations” to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further details.

 As of August 31, 2010, we have the ability to borrow up to
 $800.0 million under the revolving credit portion of the
 Credit Facility. In addition, the Credit Facility contemplates a
 potential increase of the revolving credit portion of up to an
 additional $200.0 million, if we and the lenders later agree to
 such increase. We could incur additional indebtedness in the
 future in the form of bank loans, notes or convertible
 securities.

 Should we desire to consummate significant additional
 acquisition opportunities, undertake significant additional
 expansion activities or make substantial investments in our
 infrastructure, our capital needs would increase and could
 possibly result in our need to increase available borrowings
 under our revolving credit facilities or access public or
 private debt and equity markets. There can be no assurance,
 however, that we would be successful in raising additional debt
 or equity on terms that we would consider acceptable. An
 increase in the level of our indebtedness, among other things,
 could:

 • 

 make it difficult for us to obtain any necessary financing in
 the future for other acquisitions, working capital, capital
 expenditures, debt service requirements or other purposes;

 • 

 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes
 in, our business;

 28

Table of Contents

 • 

 make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our
 business; and

 • 

 impact certain financial covenants that we are subject to in
 connection with our debt and securitization programs, including,
 among others, the maximum ratio of debt to consolidated EBITDA
 (as defined in our debt agreements and securitization programs).

 There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet future
 debt service obligations.

 We are
 subject to risks of currency fluctuations and related hedging
 operations.

 More than an insignificant portion of our business is conducted
 in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in
 exchange rates among other currencies and the U.S. dollar
 will affect our cost of sales, operating margins and net
 revenue. We cannot predict the impact of future exchange rate
 fluctuations. We use financial instruments, primarily forward
 contracts, to economically hedge U.S. dollar and other
 currency commitments arising from trade accounts receivable,
 trade accounts payable, fixed purchase obligations and other
 foreign currency obligations. Based on our calculations and
 current forecasts, we believe that our hedging activities enable
 us to largely protect ourselves from future exchange rate
 fluctuations. If, however, these hedging activities are not
 successful or if we change or reduce these hedging activities in
 the future, we may experience significant unexpected expenses
 from fluctuations in exchange rates.

 An
 adverse change in the interest rates for our borrowings could
 adversely affect our financial condition.

 We pay interest on outstanding borrowings under our revolving
 credit facilities and certain other long term debt obligations
 at interest rates that fluctuate based upon changes in various
 base interest rates. An adverse change in the base rates upon
 which our interest rates are determined could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
 and cash flows.

 We face
 certain risks in collecting our trade accounts
 receivable.

 Most of our customer sales are paid for after the goods and
 services have been delivered. If any of our customers has any
 liquidity issues (the risk of which could be relatively high,
 relative to historical conditions, due to current economic
 conditions), then we could encounter delays or defaults in
 payments owed to us which could have a significant adverse
 impact on our financial condition and results of operations. For
 example, two of our customers each filed a petition in fiscal
 year 2009 for reorganization under bankruptcy law. We have
 analyzed our financial exposure resulting from both of these
 customers’ bankruptcy filings and as a result have recorded
 an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon our anticipated
 exposure associated with these events. Our allowance for
 doubtful accounts receivables was $13.9 million as of
 August 31, 2010 (which represented approximately 1% of our
 gross trade accounts receivable balance) and $15.5 million
 as of August 31, 2009 (which represented approximately 1%
 of our gross trade accounts receivable balance).

 Certain
 of our existing stockholders have significant control.

 At August 31, 2010, our executive officers, directors and
 certain of their family members collectively beneficially owned
 12.3% of our outstanding common stock, of which William D.
 Morean, our Chairman of the Board, beneficially owned 7.0%. As a
 result, our executive officers, directors and certain of their
 family members have significant influence over (1) the
 election of our Board of Directors, (2) the approval or
 disapproval of any other matters requiring stockholder approval
 and (3) the affairs and policies of Jabil.

 Our stock
 price may be volatile.

 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the
 “NYSE”). The market price of our common stock has
 fluctuated substantially in the past and could fluctuate
 substantially in the future, based on a variety of factors,
 including future announcements covering us or our key customers
 or competitors, government regulations, litigation, changes in
 earnings estimates by analysts, fluctuations in quarterly
 operating results, or general conditions in our industry and the
 aerospace, automotive, computing, consumer, defense, industrial,

 29

Table of Contents

 instrumentation, medical, networking, peripherals, solar,
 storage and telecommunications industries. Furthermore, stock
 prices for many companies and high technology companies in
 particular, fluctuate widely for reasons that may be unrelated
 to their operating results. Those fluctuations and general
 economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions or
 international currency fluctuations and demand for our services,
 may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

 Provisions
 in our charter documents and state law may make it harder for
 others to obtain control of us even though some shareholders
 might consider such a development to be favorable.

 Our shareholder rights plan, provisions of our amended
 certificate of incorporation and the Delaware Corporation Laws
 may delay, inhibit or prevent someone from gaining control of us
 through a tender offer, business combination, proxy contest or
 some other method. These provisions may adversely impact our
 shareholders because they may decrease the possibility of a
 transaction in which our shareholders receive an amount of
 consideration in exchange for their shares that is at a
 significant premium to the then current market price of our
 shares. These provisions include:

 • 

 a “poison pill” shareholder rights plan;

 • 

 a restriction in our bylaws on the ability of shareholders to
 take action by less than unanimous written consent; and

 • 

 a statutory restriction on business combinations with some types
 of interested shareholders.

 Changes
 in the securities laws and regulations have increased, and may
 continue to increase, our costs; and any future changes would
 likely increase our costs.

 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related rules
 promulgated by the SEC and the NYSE, required changes in some of
 our corporate governance, securities disclosure and compliance
 practices. Compliance with these rules has increased our legal
 and financial accounting costs for several years following the
 announcement and effectiveness of these new rules. While these
 costs are no longer increasing, they may in fact increase in the
 future. In addition, given the recent turmoil in the securities
 and credit markets, as well as the global economy, many
 U.S. and international governmental, regulatory and
 supervisory authorities including, but not limited to, the SEC
 and the NYSE, have recently enacted additional changes in their
 laws, regulations and rules (such as the recent Dodd-Frank Act)
 and may be contemplating additional changes. These changes, and
 any such future changes, may cause our legal and financial
 accounting costs to increase.

 Due to
 inherent limitations, there can be no assurance that our system
 of disclosure and internal controls and procedures will be
 successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in informing
 management of all material information in a timely
 manner.

 Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that
 our disclosure controls and internal controls and procedures
 will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no
 matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
 reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
 control system are met. Further, the design of a control system
 reflects that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
 of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
 of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
 evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
 control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the
 company have been or will be detected. These inherent
 limitations include the realities that judgments in
 decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur
 simply because of error or mistake. Additionally, controls can
 be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
 collusion of two or more people, or by management override of
 the control.

 The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon
 certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and
 there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
 achieving its stated goals under all potential future
 conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because
 of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the
 policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent
 limitations in a
 cost-effective
 control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
 and may not be detected.

 30

Table of Contents

 If we
 receive other than an unqualified opinion on the adequacy of our
 internal control over financial reporting as of August 31,
 2011 or any future year-ends, investors could lose confidence in
 the reliability of our financial statements, which could result
 in a decrease in the value of your shares.

 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 public companies are required to include an annual report on
 internal control over financial reporting in their annual
 reports on
 Form 10-K
 that contains an assessment by management of the effectiveness
 of the company’s internal control over financial reporting.
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP,
 issued an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our
 internal control over financial reporting as of August 31,
 2010. While we continuously conduct a rigorous review of our
 internal control over financial reporting in order to assure
 compliance with the Section 404 requirements, if our
 independent registered public accounting firm interprets the
 Section 404 requirements and the related rules and
 regulations differently from us or if our independent registered
 public accounting firm is not satisfied with our internal
 control over financial reporting or with the level at which it
 is documented, operated or reviewed, they may issue an adverse
 opinion. An adverse opinion could result in an adverse reaction
 in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the
 reliability of our Consolidated Financial Statements.

 In addition, we have spent a significant amount of resources in
 complying with Section 404’s requirements. For the
 foreseeable future, we will likely continue to spend substantial
 amounts complying with Section 404’s requirements, as
 well as improving and enhancing our internal control over
 financial reporting.

 There are
 inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and
 assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 (“U.S. GAAP”). Any changes in U.S. GAAP or in
 estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial position and results
 of operations.

 The consolidated financial statements included in the periodic
 reports we file with the SEC are prepared in accordance with
 U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in
 accordance with U.S. GAAP involves making estimates,
 judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of
 assets, liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses and
 income. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently
 subject to change in the future, and any such changes could
 result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets,
 liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses and income.
 Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial position and results of operations. In addition, the
 principles of U.S. GAAP are subject to interpretation by
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the American Institute
 of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC and various bodies
 formed to create appropriate accounting policies, and interpret
 such policies. A change in those policies can have a significant
 effect on our accounting methods. For example, although not yet
 currently required, the SEC could require us to adopt the
 International Financial Reporting Standards in the next few
 years, which could have a significant effect on certain of our
 accounting methods.

 We are
 subject to risks associated with natural disasters and global
 events.

 Our operations may be subject to natural disasters or other
 business disruptions, which could seriously harm our results of
 operation and increase our costs and expenses. We are
 susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes
 (including in Florida, where our headquarters are located),
 earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water
 shortages, tsunamis, floods, typhoons, fire, extreme weather
 conditions, geopolitical events such as terrorist acts or
 widespread criminal activities and other natural or manmade
 disasters. Our insurance coverage with respect to natural
 disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage
 limits. Such coverage may not be adequate, or may not continue
 to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.

 Energy
 price increases may negatively impact our results of
 operations.

 Certain of the components that we use in our manufacturing
 activities are petroleum-based. In addition, we, along with our
 suppliers and customers, rely on various energy sources
 (including oil) in our transportation activities. While
 significant uncertainty currently exists about the future levels
 of energy prices, a significant increase is possible. Increased
 energy prices could cause an increase to our raw material costs
 and transportation costs. In addition, increased transportation
 costs of certain of our suppliers and customers could be passed
 along to

 31

Table of Contents

 us. We may not be able to increase our product prices enough to
 offset these increased costs. In addition, any increase in our
 product prices may reduce our future customer orders and
 profitability.