As referenced, this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain forward-looking statements
regarding various matters. The ultimate correctness of those forward-looking statements is
dependent upon a number of known and unknown risks and events, and is subject to various
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to
be different from those expressed or implied by those statements. Undue reliance should not be
placed on those forward-looking statements. The following important factors, among others, as well
as those factors set forth in our other SEC filings from time to time, could affect future results
and events, causing results and events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our
forward-looking statements.

12

Table of Contents

Our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control.

     Our annual and quarterly operating results are affected by a number of factors, including:

•

adverse changes in current macro-economic conditions, both in the U.S. and
internationally;

•

the level and timing of customer orders;

•

the level of capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities and associated
fixed costs;

•

the composition of the costs of revenue between materials, labor and manufacturing
overhead;

•

price competition;

•

changes in demand for our products or services;

•

changes in demand in our customers’ end markets;

•

our exposure to financially troubled customers;

•

our level of experience in manufacturing a particular product;

•

the degree of automation used in our assembly process;

•

the efficiencies achieved in managing inventories and fixed assets;

•

fluctuations in materials costs and availability of materials;

•

adverse changes in political conditions, both in the U.S. and internationally,
including among other things, adverse changes in tax laws and rates, adverse changes in
trade policies and adverse changes in fiscal and monetary policies;

•

seasonality in customers’ product requirements; and

•

the timing of expenditures in anticipation of increased sales, customer product
delivery requirements and shortages of components or labor.

     The volume and timing of orders placed by our customers vary due to variation in demand for
our customers’ products; our customers’ attempts to manage their inventory; electronic design
changes; changes in our customers’ manufacturing strategies; and acquisitions of or consolidations
among our customers. In addition, our Consumer division and the automotive industry sector of our
EMS division are subject to seasonal influences. We may realize greater revenue during our first
fiscal quarter due to high demand for consumer products during the holiday selling season. In the
past, changes in customer orders that reduce net revenue have had a significant effect on our
results of operations as a result of our overhead remaining relatively fixed while our net revenue
decreased. Any one or a combination of these factors could adversely affect our annual and
quarterly results of operations in the future. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations.”

Because we depend on a limited number of customers, a reduction in sales to any one of our
customers could cause a significant decline in our revenue.

     For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2009, our five largest customers accounted for
approximately 43% of our net revenue and our top 50 customers accounted for approximately 90% of
our net revenue. We currently depend, and expect to continue to depend, upon a relatively small
number of customers for a significant percentage of our net revenue and upon their growth,
viability and financial stability. If any of our customers experience a decline in the demand for
their products due to economic or other forces, they may reduce their purchases from us or
terminate their relationship with us. Our customers’ industries have experienced rapid
technological change, shortening of product life cycles, consolidation, and pricing and margin
pressures. Consolidation among our customers may further reduce the number of customers that
generate a significant percentage of our net revenue and exposes us to increased risks relating to
dependence on a small number of customers. A significant reduction in sales to any of our customers
or a customer exerting significant pricing and margin pressures on us could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations. In the past, some of our customers have terminated their
manufacturing arrangements with us or have significantly reduced or delayed the volume of design,
production, product management or aftermarket services ordered from us, including moving a portion
of their manufacturing from us in order to more fully utilize their excess internal manufacturing
capacity.

     Our industry’s revenue declined in mid-2001 as a result of significant cut backs in customer
production requirements, which was consistent with the downturn in the technology sector. Another
significant decline has recently occurred as consumers and businesses have postponed spending in
response to tighter credit, negative financial news, declines in income or asset values or general
uncertainty about global economic conditions. These economic conditions have had a negative impact
on our results of operations during fiscal year 2009, and may continue to have a negative impact.
In addition, some of our customers have moved a portion of their manufacturing from us in order to
more fully utilize their excess internal manufacturing capacity and are expected to continue to
have a negative impact on our operations over at least the next several fiscal quarters. We cannot
assure you that present or future customers will not terminate their design, production, product
management and aftermarket services arrangements with us or significantly change, reduce or delay
the amount of services ordered from us. If they do, it could have a material adverse effect on our

13

Table of Contents

results of operations. In addition, we generate significant accounts receivable in connection
with providing design, production, product management and aftermarket services to our customers. If
one or more of our customers were to become insolvent or otherwise were unable to pay for the
services provided by us on a timely basis, or at all, our operating results and financial condition
could be adversely affected. Such adverse effects could include one or more of the following: a
decline in revenue, a charge for bad debts, a charge for inventory write-offs, a decrease in
inventory turns, an increase in days in inventory and an increase in days in trade accounts
receivable.

     Certain of the industries to which we provide services, including the automobile
industry, have recently experienced significant financial difficulty, with some of the participants
filing for bankruptcy. Such significant financial difficulty has negatively affected our business
and, if further experienced by one or more of our customers, may further negatively affect our
business due to the decreased demand of these financially distressed customers, the potential
inability of these companies to make full payment on amounts owed to us, or both. See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Risk Factors — We
face certain risks in collecting our trade accounts receivable.”

Consolidation in industries that utilize electronics components may adversely affect our business.

     Consolidation in industries that utilize electronics components may further increase as
companies combine to achieve further economies of scale and other synergies, which could result in
an increase in excess manufacturing capacity as companies seek to divest manufacturing operations
or eliminate duplicative product lines. Excess manufacturing capacity may increase pricing and
competitive pressures for our industry as a whole and for us in particular. Consolidation could
also result in an increasing number of very large companies offering products in multiple
industries. The significant purchasing power and market power of these large companies could
increase pricing and competitive pressures for us. If one of our customers is acquired by another
company that does not rely on us to provide services and has its own production facilities or
relies on another provider of similar services, we may lose that customer’s business. Such
consolidation among our customers may further reduce the number of customers that generate a
significant percentage of our net revenue and exposes us to increased risks relating to dependence
on a small number of customers. Any of the foregoing results of industry consolidation could
adversely affect our business.

14

Table of Contents

Our customers face numerous competitive challenges, such as decreasing demand from their
customers, rapid technological change and short life cycles for their products, which may
materially adversely affect their business, and also ours.

     Factors affecting the industries that utilize electronics components in general, and our
customers specifically, could seriously harm our customers and, as a result, us. These factors
include:

•

recessionary periods in our customers’ markets;

•

the inability of our customers to adapt to rapidly changing technology and evolving
industry standards, which result in short product life cycles;

•

the inability of our customers to develop and market their products, some of which
are new and untested;

•

the potential that our customers’ products may become obsolete;

•

the failure of our customers’ products to gain widespread commercial
acceptance;

•

increased competition among our customers and their respective competitors which
may result in a loss of business, or a reduction in pricing power, for our customers; and

•

new product offerings by our customers’ competitors may prove to be more successful
than our customers’ product offerings.

     If our customers are unsuccessful in addressing these competitive challenges, or any others
that they may face, then their business may be materially adversely affected, and as a result, the
demand for our services could decline. Even if our customers are successful in responding to these
challenges, their responses may have consequences which affect our business relationships with our
customers (and possibly our results of operations) by altering our production cycles and inventory
management.

The success of our business is dependent on both our ability to independently keep pace with technological changes and competitive conditions in our industry, and also our ability to
effectively adapt our services in response to our customers keeping pace with technological changes
and competitive conditions in their respective industries.

     If we are unable to offer technologically advanced, cost effective, quick response
manufacturing services, demand for our services will decline. In addition, if we are unable to
offer services in response to our customers’ changing requirements, then demand for our services
will also decline. A substantial portion of our net revenue is derived from our offering of
complete service solutions for our customers. For example, if we fail to maintain high-quality
design and engineering services, our net revenue may significantly decline.

Most of our customers do not commit to long-term production schedules, which makes it difficult for
us to schedule production and achieve maximum efficiency of our manufacturing capacity.

     The volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to:

•

variation in demand for our customers’ products;

•

our customers’ attempts to manage their inventory;

•

electronic design changes;

•

changes in our customers’ manufacturing strategy; and

•

acquisitions of or consolidations among customers.

     Due in part to these factors, most of our customers do not commit to firm production schedules
for more than one quarter. Our inability to forecast the level of customer orders with certainty
makes it difficult to schedule production and maximize utilization of manufacturing capacity. In
the past, we have been required to increase staffing and other expenses in order to meet the
anticipated demand of our customers. Anticipated orders from many of our customers have, in the
past, failed to materialize or delivery schedules have been deferred as a result of changes in our
customers’ business needs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. On other
occasions, our customers have required rapid increases in production, which have placed an
excessive burden on our resources. Such customer order fluctuations and deferrals have had a
material adverse effect on us in the past, including the most recent several fiscal quarters, and
we may experience such effects in the future. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

     In addition to our difficulty in forecasting customer orders, we sometimes experience
difficulty forecasting the timing of our receipt of revenue and earnings following commencement of
manufacturing an additional product for new or existing customers. The necessary process to begin
this commencement of manufacturing can take from several months to more than a year before
production begins. Delays in the completion of this process can delay the timing of our sales and
related earnings. In addition, because we make

15

Table of Contents

capital expenditures during this ramping process
and do not typically recognize revenue until after we produce and ship the customer’s products, any
delays or excess costs in the ramping process may have a significant adverse effect on our cash
flows.

Our customers may cancel their orders, change production quantities, delay production or change
their sourcing strategy.

     Our industry must provide increasingly rapid product turnaround for its customers. We
generally do not obtain firm, long-term purchase commitments from our customers and we continue to
experience reduced lead-times in customer orders. Customers have previously cancelled their orders,
changed production quantities, delayed production and changed their sourcing strategy for a number
of reasons, and may do one or more of these in the future. Such changes, delays and cancellations
have led to, and may lead in the future to a decline in our production and our possession of excess
or obsolete inventory which we may not be able to sell to the customer or a third party. This has
resulted in, and could result in future additional, write downs of inventories that have become
obsolete or exceed anticipated demand or net realizable value.

     The success of our customers’ products in the market affects our business. Cancellations,
reductions, delays or changes in sourcing strategy by a significant customer or by a group of
customers have negatively impacted, and could further negatively impact in the future, our
operating results by reducing the number of products that we sell, delaying the payment to us for
inventory that we purchased and reducing the use of our manufacturing facilities which have
associated fixed costs not dependent on our level of revenue.

     In addition, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that
we will seek and accept, production schedules, component procurement commitments, personnel needs
and other resource requirements, based on our estimate of customer requirements. The short-term
nature of our customers’ commitments, their uncertainty about future economic conditions, and the
possibility of rapid changes in demand for their products reduce our ability to accurately estimate
the future requirements of those customers. In addition, uncertainty about future economic
conditions makes it difficult to forecast operating results and make production planning decisions
about future periods.

     On occasion, customers may require rapid increases in production, which can stress our
resources and reduce operating margins. In addition, because many of our costs and operating
expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand can harm our gross profits and
operating results.

Customer relationships with emerging companies may present more risks than with established
companies.

     Customer relationships with emerging companies present special risks because such companies do
not have an extensive product history. As a result, there is less demonstration of market
acceptance of their products making it harder for us to anticipate needs and requirements than with
established customers. In addition, due to the current economic environment, additional funding for
such companies may be more difficult to obtain and these customer relationships may not continue or
materialize to the extent we planned or we previously experienced. This tightening of financing for
start-up customers, together with many start-up customers’ lack of prior operations and unproven
product markets increase our credit risk, especially in trade accounts receivable and inventories.
Although we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and adjust our allowance for
doubtful accounts receivable for all customers, including start-up customers, based on the
information available, these allowances may not be adequate. This risk exists for any new emerging
company customers in the future.

We compete with numerous other electronic manufacturing services and design providers and others,
including our current and potential customers who may decide to manufacture some or all of their
products internally.

     Our business is highly competitive. We compete against numerous domestic and foreign
electronic manufacturing services and design providers, including Benchmark Electronics, Inc.,
Celestica, Inc., Flextronics International Ltd., Hon-Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Plexus Corp.
and Sanmina-SCI Corporation. In addition, consolidation in our industry results in larger and more
geographically diverse competitors who have significant combined resources with which to compete
against us. Also, we may in the future encounter competition from other large electronic
manufacturers, and manufacturers that are focused solely on design and manufacturing services, that
are selling, or may begin to sell electronics manufacturing services. Most of our competitors have
international operations and significant financial resources and some have substantially greater
manufacturing, R&D and marketing resources than us. These competitors may:

•

respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies;

•

have greater name recognition, critical mass and geographic market presence;

•

be better able to take advantage of acquisition opportunities;

•

adapt more quickly to changes in customer requirements;

•

devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their services;

16

Table of Contents

•

be better positioned to compete on price for their services, as a result of any
combination of lower labor costs, lower components costs, lower facilities costs or lower
operating costs; and

•

be better able to utilize excess capacity which may reduce the cost of their
product or service.

     We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and potential
customers, who are continually evaluating the merits of manufacturing products internally against
the advantages of outsourcing. Recently, some of our customers have moved a portion of their
manufacturing from us in order to more fully utilize their excess internal manufacturing capacity.

     We may be operating at a cost disadvantage compared to competitors who have greater direct
buying power from component suppliers, distributors and raw material suppliers or who have lower
cost structures as a result of their geographic location or the services they provide or who are
willing to make sales or provide services at lower margins than us. As a result, competitors may
procure a competitive advantage and obtain business from our customers. Our manufacturing processes
are generally not subject to significant proprietary protection. In addition, companies with
greater resources or a greater market presence may enter our market or increase their competition
with us. We also expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current
products or services, to reduce their current products or service sales prices and to introduce new
products or services that may offer greater performance and improved pricing. Any of these
developments could cause a decline in sales, loss of market acceptance of our products or services,
profit margin compression or loss of market share.

The gross domestic product for the U.S., Europe and certain countries in Asia has declined,
indicating that many of these countries’ economies, including the U.S. economy, are in a recession.

     There was an erosion of global consumer confidence amidst concerns over declining asset
values, inflation, volatility in energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of
credit, rising unemployment, and the stability and solvency of financial institutions, financial
markets, businesses, and sovereign nations. These concerns have slowed global economic growth and
have resulted in recessions in many countries, including in the U.S., Europe and certain countries
in Asia. The recent economic conditions have had a negative impact on our results of operations
during fiscal year 2009 due to reduced customer demand. Though we are starting to see signs of an
economic stabilization, if such stabilization and subsequent recovery do not occur, a number of
negative effects on our business could result, including customers or potential customers reducing
or delaying orders, increased pricing pressures, the insolvency of key suppliers, which could
result in production delays, the inability of customers to obtain credit, and the insolvency of one
or more customers. Thus, these economic conditions could negatively impact our visibility of
customer demand, our ability to effectively manage inventory levels and collect receivables, and
increase our need for cash, and have decreased our net revenue and profitability and negatively
impacted the value of certain of our properties and other assets. Depending on the length of time
that these conditions exist, they may cause future additional negative effects, including some of
those listed above.

The financial markets have recently experienced significant turmoil, which may adversely affect
financial arrangements we may need to enter into, refinance or repay.

     The credit market turmoil could negatively impact the counterparties to our interest rate swap
agreements, forward exchange contracts and securitization programs; our lenders under the Credit
Facility; and our lenders under various foreign subsidiary credit facilities. These potential
negative impacts could potentially limit our ability to borrow under these financing agreements,
contracts, facilities and programs. In addition, if we attempt to obtain future additional
financing, such as renewing or refinancing our $250.0 million U.S. asset-backed securitization
program expiring on March 17, 2010 or our $200.0 million foreign asset-backed securitization
program expiring on March 18, 2010, the credit market turmoil could negatively impact our ability
to obtain such financing. Finally, the credit market turmoil has negatively impacted certain of our
customers, especially those in the automotive industry, and certain of their customers. These
impacts could have several consequences which could have a negative effect on our results of
operations, including one or more of the following: a negative impact on our liquidity; a decrease
in demand for our products; a decrease in demand for our customers’ products; and bad debt charges
or inventory write-offs.

We are exposed to intangible asset risk; specifically, our goodwill may become further impaired.

     We determined that goodwill related to the Consumer and EMS reporting units was impaired and
recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $400.4 million for the Consumer reporting unit
and a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $622.4 million for the EMS reporting unit for the
fiscal year ended August 31, 2009, respectively. We recorded impairment charges associated with
goodwill for the Consumer reporting unit during the first and second quarters of fiscal year 2009.
Additionally, we recorded an impairment charge for the EMS reporting unit based on a preliminary
assessment which was determined in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009 and which was finalized
in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. At August 31, 2009, there was no goodwill recorded on
the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the Consumer or EMS reporting units and $25.1 million of
goodwill recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the AMS reporting unit. A further
significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant
decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate or
slower growth rates could result in the need to perform an impairment analysis under SFAS 142 in
future periods. If we were to conclude that a future write down of our goodwill is necessary, then
we would record the appropriate charge, which could result in

17

Table of Contents

material charges that are adverse to our operating results and financial position. See Note 6 – “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets”
to the Consolidated Financial Statements and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates – Long-Lived
Assets.”

The matters relating to the Special Committee’s review of our historical stock option granting
practices and the restatement of our Consolidated Financial Statements have resulted in litigation
and regulatory inquiries and may result in future litigation, which could have a material adverse
effect on us.

     As described in Part I, Item 3 – “Legal Proceedings,” we are involved in a putative
shareholder class action in connection with certain historical stock option grants.

     On May 3, 2006, in response to shareholder derivative actions that were filed in connection
with certain historical stock option grants (which have since been settled and are no longer
pending), the Board of Directors established an independent special Board Committee (the “Special
Committee “) to conduct a review of the allegations of such actions and, more generally, our
historical stock option granting practices during fiscal years 1996 through 2006. We cooperated
fully with the Special Committee. The Special Committee concluded that the evidence did not support
a finding of intentional manipulation of stock option grant pricing by any member of management. In
addition, the Special Committee concluded that it was not in our best interests to pursue the
derivative actions.

     As a result of that review and management’s undertaking of a separate review of our historical
stock option grant practices, we identified a number of occasions in which stock option awards that
were granted to officers, employees and a non-employee consultant director were not properly
accounted for. To correct these accounting errors, we restated prior year and prior quarter
Consolidated Financial Statements and disclosures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended August 31, 2006. The review of our historical stock option granting practices and the
resulting restatements, required us to incur substantial expenses for legal, accounting, tax and
other professional services and diverted our management’s attention from our business and could in
the future adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

     Our historical stock option granting practices and the restatement of our prior financial
statements exposed us to greater risks associated with litigation and regulatory proceedings. We
cannot assure you that any determinations made in the current litigation or any future litigation
or regulatory action will reach the same conclusions on these issues that we reached. The conduct
and resolution of these matters may continue to be time consuming, expensive and distracting from
the conduct of our business. Furthermore, if we are subject to adverse findings in any of these
matters, we could be required to pay damages or penalties or have other remedies imposed upon us
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

     In May 2006, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney’s office for the Southern District
of New York requesting certain stock option related material. Such information was subsequently
provided and we did not hear further from such U.S. Attorney’s office. In addition, on May 2,
2006, the Company was notified by the Staff of the SEC of an informal inquiry concerning the
Company’s stock option grant practices. The Company and its officers and directors fully
cooperated with the SEC in the SEC’s inquiry, and as previously disclosed in our Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2008, the Company received a letter from the
SEC Division of Enforcement advising that the Division had completed its investigation and did not
intend to recommend that the SEC take any enforcement action. We cannot, however, provide any
assurances that the SEC will not re-open its informal inquiry. The investigations of the U.S.
Attorney’s office and the SEC (if it re-opens its informal inquiry) may look at the accuracy of the
stated dates of our historical option grants, our disclosures regarding executive compensation,
whether all proper corporate and other procedures were followed, whether our historical financial
statements are materially accurate and other issues. We cannot predict the outcome of those
investigations. We cannot provide assurances that such investigations will not find inappropriate
activity in connection with our historical stock option practices or result in further revising of
our historical accounting associated with such stock option grant practices.

Our business could be adversely affected by any delays, or increased costs, resulting from issues
that our common carriers are dealing with in transporting our materials, our products, or both.

     We rely on a variety of common carriers to transport our materials from our suppliers to us,
and to transport our products from us to our customers. Problems suffered by any of these common
carriers, whether due to a natural disaster, labor problem, increased energy prices or some other
issue, could result in shipping delays, increased costs, or some other supply chain disruption, and
could therefore have a material adverse effect on our operations.

18

Table of Contents

We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from our international operations, which may be
subject to a number of risks and often require more management time and expense to achieve
profitability than our domestic operations.

     We derived 83.8% of net revenue from international operations in fiscal year 2009 compared to
79.6% in fiscal year 2008. We currently expect our foreign source revenue to slightly increase as
compared to current levels over the course of the next twelve months. At August 31, 2009, we
operate outside the U.S. in Vienna, Austria; Hasselt, Belgium; Belo Horizonte, Manaus and Sorocaba,
Brazil; Beijing, Huangpu, Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Suzhou, Tianjin, Wuxi and Yantai, China;
Coventry, England; Brest, Lunel and Meung-sur-Loire, France; Jena, Germany; Szombathely and
Tiszaujvaros, Hungary; Pune, Mumbai and Ranjangaon, India; Dublin, Ireland; Cassina de Pecchi,
Marcianise and Bergamo, Italy; Gotemba, Hachiouji and Tokyo, Japan; Penang, Malaysia; Chihuahua,
Guadalajara and Reynosa, Mexico; Amsterdam and Eindhoven, The Netherlands; Bydgoszcz and Kwidzyn,
Poland; Tver, Russia; Ayr and Livingston, Scotland; Singapore City, Singapore; Hsinchu, Taichung
and Taipei, Taiwan; Ankara, Turkey; Uzhgorod, Ukraine and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. We continually
consider additional opportunities to make foreign acquisitions and construct new foreign
facilities. Our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including:

•

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;

•

less flexible employee relationships which can be difficult and expensive to
terminate;

•

labor unrest;

•

political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism and outbreaks of
war);

•

inadequate infrastructure for our operations (i.e. lack of adequate power, water,
transportation and raw materials);

•

health concerns (such as the recent swine flu outbreaks) and related government
actions;

•

coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and
multiple time zones;

•

risk of governmental expropriation of our property;

•

less favorable, or relatively undefined, intellectual property laws;

•

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws;

•

longer customer payment cycles and difficulty collecting trade accounts receivable;

•

export duties, import controls and trade barriers (including quotas);

•

adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the
U.S. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;

•

adverse changes in tax rates;

•

adverse changes to the manner in which the U.S. taxes U.S.-based multinational
companies;

•

legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices;

•

governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from our operations
outside the U.S.;

•

burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and foreign laws,
including those relating to export and import duties, environmental policies and privacy
issues;

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could affect local payroll, utility
and other expenses;

•

inability to utilize net operating losses incurred by our foreign operations
against future income in the same jurisdiction; and

•

economies that are emerging or developing , that may be subject to greater
currency volatility, negative growth, high inflation, limited availability of foreign
exchange and other risks.

     These factors may harm our results of operations, and any measures that we may implement
to reduce the effect of volatile currencies and other risks of our international operations may not
be effective. In our experience, entry into new international markets requires considerable
management time as well as start-up expenses for market development, hiring and establishing office
facilities before any significant revenue is generated. As a result, initial operations in a new
market may operate at low margins or may be unprofitable. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources.”

     Another significant legal risk resulting from our international operations is compliance with
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”). In many foreign countries, particularly in those
with developing economies, it may be a local custom that businesses operating in such countries
engage in business practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other U.S. laws and regulations.
Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the FCPA
and similar laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, and agents, as well as those
companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will not take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by
our policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

19

Table of Contents

If we do not manage our growth effectively, our profitability could decline.

     Areas of our business may experience periods of rapid growth which could place considerable
additional demands upon our management team and our operational, financial and management
information systems. Our ability to manage growth effectively will require us to continue to
implement and improve these systems; avoid cost overruns; maintain customer, supplier and other
favorable business relationships during possible transition periods; continue to develop the
management skills of our managers and supervisors; and continue to train, motivate and manage our
employees. Our failure to effectively manage growth could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations.”

We may not achieve expected profitability from our acquisitions.

     We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate the operations and
management of our recent acquisitions. Similarly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to (1)
identify future strategic acquisitions, (2) consummate these potential acquisitions on favorable
terms, if at all, or (3) if consummated, successfully integrate the operations and management of
future acquisitions. Acquisitions involve significant risks, which could have a material adverse
effect on us, including:

•

Financial risks, such as (1) the payment of a purchase price that exceeds the
future value that we may realize from the acquired operations and businesses; (2) an
increase in our expenses and working capital requirements, which could reduce our return
on invested capital; (3) potential known and unknown liabilities of the acquired
businesses; (4) costs associated with integrating acquired operations and businesses; (5)
the dilutive effect of the issuance of additional equity securities; (6) the incurrence
of additional debt; (7) the financial impact of valuing goodwill and other intangible
assets involved in any acquisitions, potential future impairment write-downs of goodwill
and indefinite life intangibles and the amortization of other intangible assets; (8)
possible adverse tax and accounting effects; and (9) the risk that we spend substantial
amounts purchasing these manufacturing facilities and assume significant contractual and
other obligations with no guaranteed levels of revenue or that we may have to close
facilities at our cost.

•

Operating risks, such as (1) the diversion of management’s attention to the
assimilation of the businesses to be acquired; (2) the risk that the acquired businesses
will fail to maintain the quality of services that we have historically provided; (3) the
need to implement financial and other systems and add management resources; (4) the need
to maintain customer, supplier or other favorable business relationships of acquired
operations and restructure or terminate unfavorable relationships; (5) the potential for
deficiencies in internal controls of the acquired operations; (6) we may not be able to
attract and retain the employees necessary to support the acquired businesses; (7)
unforeseen difficulties (including any unanticipated liabilities) in the acquired
operations; and (8) the impact on us of any unionized work force we may acquire or any
labor disruptions that might occur.

     Most of our acquisitions involve operations outside of the U.S. which are subject to various
risks including those described in “Risk Factors – We derive a substantial portion of our revenue
from our international operations, which may be subject to a number of risks and often require more
management time and expense to achieve profitability than our domestic operations.”

     We have acquired and may continue to pursue the acquisition of manufacturing and supply chain
management operations from our customers (or potential customers). In these acquisitions, the
divesting company will typically enter into a supply arrangement with the acquirer. Therefore, the
competition for these acquisitions is intense. In addition, certain divesting companies may choose
not to consummate these acquisitions with us because of our current supply arrangements with other
companies or may require terms and conditions that may impact our profitability. If we are unable
to attract and consummate some of these acquisition opportunities at favorable terms, our growth
and profitability could be adversely impacted.

     In addition to those risks listed above, arrangements entered into with these divesting
companies typically involve certain other risks, including the following:

•

The integration into our business of the acquired assets and facilities may be
time-consuming and costly.

•

We, rather than the divesting company, may bear the risk of excess capacity.

•

We may not achieve anticipated cost reductions and efficiencies.

•

We may be unable to meet the expectations of the divesting company as to volume,
product quality, timeliness and cost reductions.

•

If demand for the divesting company’s products declines, it may reduce the volume
of purchases and we may not be able to sufficiently reduce the expenses of operating the
facility or use the facility to provide services to other customers.

     Our ability to achieve the expected benefits of the outsourcing opportunities associated with
these acquisitions is subject to risks, including our ability to meet volume, product quality,
timeliness and pricing requirements, and our ability to achieve the divesting company’s expected
cost reduction. In addition, when acquiring manufacturing operations, we may receive limited

20

Table of Contents

commitments to firm production schedules. Accordingly, in these circumstances, we may spend
substantial amounts purchasing these manufacturing facilities and assume significant contractual
and other obligations with no guaranteed levels of revenue. We may also not achieve expected profitability from these arrangements. As a result of these and other
risks, these outsourcing opportunities may not be profitable.

     We are expanding the primary scope of our acquisitions strategy beyond our customers and
potential customers to include companies seeking to divest their internal manufacturing operations
to manufacturing providers such as us. The amount and scope of the risks associated with
acquisitions of this type extend beyond those that we have traditionally faced in making
acquisitions. These extended risks include greater uncertainties in the financial benefits and
potential liabilities associated with this expanded base of acquisitions.

We face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations.

     Over the past few years, we have undertaken initiatives to restructure our business operations
with the intention of improving utilization and realizing cost savings in the future. These
initiatives have included changing the number and location of our production facilities, largely to
align our capacity and infrastructure with current and anticipated customer demand. This alignment
includes transferring programs from higher cost geographies to lower cost geographies. The process
of restructuring entails, among other activities, moving production between facilities, closing
facilities, reducing the level of staff, realigning our business processes and reorganizing our
management.

     We continuously evaluate our operations and cost structure relative to general economic
conditions, market demands, cost competitiveness and our geographic footprint as it relates to our
customers’ production requirements. As a result of this ongoing evaluation, we have initiated the
2006 Restructuring Plan and the 2009 Restructuring Plan. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Results of Operations – Restructuring and
Impairment Charges” and Note 10 – “Restructuring and Impairment Charges” to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for further details. If we incur restructuring charges related to the 2006
Restructuring Plan, the 2009 Restructuring Plan, or both, or in connection with any potential
future restructuring program, in addition to those charges that we currently expect to incur, our
financial condition and results of operations may suffer.

     We expect that in the future we may continue to transfer certain of our operations to lower
cost geographies, which may require us to take additional restructuring charges. Restructurings
present significant potential risks of events occurring that could adversely affect us, including a
decrease in employee morale, delays encountered in finalizing the scope of, and implementing, the
restructurings (including extensive consultations concerning potential workforce reductions,
particularly in locations outside of the U.S.), the failure to achieve targeted cost savings and
the failure to meet operational targets and customer requirements due to the loss of employees and
any work stoppages that might occur. These risks are further complicated by our extensive
international operations, which subject us to different legal and regulatory requirements that
govern the extent, and the speed, of our ability to reduce our manufacturing capacity and
workforce. In addition, the current global economic conditions may change how governments regulate
restructuring as the global recession impacts local economies. Finally, we may have to obtain
agreements from our affected customers for the re-location of our facilities in certain instances.
Obtaining these agreements, along with the volatility in our customers’ demand, can further delay
restructuring activities.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers for components that are critical to our manufacturing
processes. A shortage of these components or an increase in their price could interrupt our
operations and reduce our profits.

     Substantially all of our net revenue is derived from turnkey manufacturing in which we provide
materials procurement. While most of our significant long-term customer contracts permit quarterly
or other periodic adjustments to pricing based on decreases and increases in component prices and
other factors, we may bear the risk of component price increases that occur between any such
re-pricings or, if such re-pricing is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the
particular customer contract. Accordingly, certain component price increases could adversely affect
our gross profit margins. Almost all of the products we manufacture require one or more components
that are available from only a single source. Some of these components are allocated from time to
time in response to supply shortages. In some cases, supply shortages will substantially curtail
production of all assemblies using a particular component. In addition, at various times
industry-wide shortages of electronic components have occurred, particularly of semiconductor
products. In the past, such circumstances have produced insignificant levels of short-term
interruption of our operations, but could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations in the future. Also, our production of a customer’s product could be negatively impacted
by any quality or reliability issues with any of our component suppliers. Finally, the financial
condition of our suppliers could affect their ability to supply us with components which could have
a material adverse effect on our operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business – Components Procurement”.

21

Table of Contents

We may not be able to maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing process expertise.

     The markets for our manufacturing and engineering services are characterized by rapidly
changing technology and evolving process development. The continued success of our business will
depend upon our ability to:

•

hire, retain and expand our qualified engineering and technical personnel;

•

maintain technological leadership;

•

develop and market manufacturing services that meet changing customer needs; and

•

successfully anticipate or respond to technological changes in manufacturing
processes on a cost-effective and timely basis.

     Although we believe that our operations use the assembly and testing technologies, equipment
and processes that are currently required by our customers, we cannot be certain that we will
develop the capabilities required by our customers in the future. The emergence of new technology,
industry standards or customer requirements may render our equipment, inventory or processes
obsolete or noncompetitive. In addition, we may have to acquire new assembly and testing
technologies and equipment to remain competitive. The acquisition and implementation of new
technologies and equipment may require significant expense or capital investment, which could
reduce our operating margins and our operating results. In facilities that we establish or acquire,
we may not be able to maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing process expertise.
Our failure to anticipate and adapt to our customers’ changing technological needs and requirements
or to hire and retain a sufficient number of engineers and maintain our engineering, technological
and manufacturing expertise, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

If our manufacturing processes and services do not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory
requirements, or if we manufacture products containing design or manufacturing defects, demand for
our services may decline and we may be subject to liability claims.

     We manufacture and design products to our customers’ specifications, and, in some cases, our
manufacturing processes and facilities may need to comply with applicable statutory and regulatory
requirements. For example, medical devices that we manufacture or design, as well as the facilities
and manufacturing processes that we use to produce them, are regulated by the Food and Drug
Administration and non-U.S. counterparts of this agency. Similarly, items we manufacture for
customers in the defense and aerospace industries, as well as the processes we use to produce them,
are regulated by the Department of Defense and the Federal Aviation Authority. In addition, our
customers’ products and the manufacturing processes that we use to produce them often are highly
complex. As a result, products that we manufacture may at times contain manufacturing or design
defects, and our manufacturing processes may be subject to errors or not be in compliance with
applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. Defects in the products we manufacture or design,
whether caused by a design, manufacturing or component failure or error, or deficiencies in our
manufacturing processes, may result in delayed shipments to customers or reduced or cancelled
customer orders. If these defects or deficiencies are significant, our business reputation may also
be damaged. The failure of the products that we manufacture or our manufacturing processes and
facilities to comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements may subject us to legal
fines or penalties and, in some cases, require us to shut down or incur considerable expense to
correct a manufacturing process or facility. In addition, these defects may result in liability
claims against us or expose us to liability to pay for the recall of a product. The magnitude of
such claims may increase as we expand our medical, automotive and aerospace and defense
manufacturing services, as defects in medical devices, automotive components and aerospace and
defense systems could seriously harm or kill users of these products and others. Even if our
customers are responsible for the defects, they may not, or may not have resources to, assume
responsibility for any costs or liabilities arising from these defects, which could expose us to
additional liability claims.

Our regular manufacturing processes and services may result in exposure to intellectual property
infringement and other claims.

     Providing manufacturing services can expose us to potential claims that the product design or
manufacturing processes infringe third party intellectual property rights. Even though many of our
manufacturing services contracts generally require our customers to indemnify us for infringement
claims relating to the product specifications and designs, a particular customer may not, or may
not have the resources to assume responsibility for such claims. In addition, we may be responsible
for claims that our manufacturing processes or components used in manufacturing infringe third
party intellectual property rights. Infringement claims could subject us to significant liability
for damages, and potentially injunctive action and, regardless of merits, could be time-consuming
and expensive to resolve.

22

Table of Contents

Our design services offerings may result in additional exposure to product liability, intellectual
property infringement and other claims, in addition to the business risk of being unable to produce
the revenues necessary to profit from these services.

     We continue our efforts to offer certain design services, primarily those relating to products
that we manufacture for our customers, and we also continue to offer design services related to
collaborative design manufacturing and turnkey solutions (including end-user products and
components as products). Providing such services can expose us to different or greater potential
liabilities than those we face when providing our regular manufacturing services. Our design
services business increases our exposure to potential product liability claims resulting from
injuries caused by defects in products we design, as well as potential claims that products we
design or processes we use infringe third-party intellectual property rights. Such claims could
subject us to significant liability for damages, subject the infringing portion of our business to
injunction and, regardless of their merits, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve. We
also may have greater potential exposure from warranty claims and from product recalls due to
problems caused by product design. Costs associated with possible product liability claims,
intellectual property infringement claims and product recalls could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations. When providing collaborative design manufacturing or turnkey
solutions, we may not be guaranteed revenue needed to recoup or profit from the investment in the
resources necessary to design and develop products. Particularly, no revenue may be generated from
these efforts if our customers do not approve the designs in a timely manner or at all, or if they
do not then purchase anticipated levels of products. Furthermore, contracts may allow the customer
to delay or cancel deliveries and may not obligate the customer to any volume of purchases, or may
provide for penalties or cancellation of orders if we are late in delivering designs or products.
We may even have the responsibility to ensure that products we design satisfy safety and regulatory
standards and to obtain any necessary certifications. Failure to timely obtain the necessary
approvals or certifications could prevent us from selling these products, which in turn could harm
our sales, profitability and reputation.

     In our contracts with turnkey solutions customers, we generally provide them with a warranty
against defects in our designs. If a turnkey solutions product or component that we design is found
to be defective in its design, this may lead to increased warranty claims. Although we have product
liability insurance coverage, it may not be available on acceptable terms, in sufficient amounts,
or at all. A successful product liability claim in excess of our insurance coverage or any material
claim for which insurance coverage was denied or limited and for which indemnification was not
available could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

The success of our turnkey solution activities depends in part on our ability to obtain, protect
and leverage intellectual property rights to our designs.

     We strive to obtain and protect certain intellectual property rights to our turnkey solutions
designs. We believe that having a significant level of protected proprietary technology gives us a
competitive advantage in marketing our services. However, we cannot be certain that the measures
that we employ will result in protected intellectual property rights or will result in the
prevention of unauthorized use of our technology. If we are unable to obtain and protect
intellectual property rights embodied within our designs, this could reduce or eliminate the
competitive advantages of our proprietary technology, which would harm our business.

Intellectual property infringement claims against our customers or us could harm our business.

     Our turnkey solutions products and the products of our customers may compete against the
products of other companies, many of whom may own the intellectual property rights underlying those
products. Patent clearance or licensing activities, if any, may be inadequate to anticipate and
avoid third party claims. As a result, in addition to the risk that we could become subject to
claims of intellectual property infringement, our customers could become subject to infringement
claims. Additionally, customers for our turnkey solutions services, or collaborative designs in
which we have significant technology contributions, typically require that we indemnify them
against the risk of intellectual property infringement. If any claims are brought against us or
against our customers for such infringement, regardless of their merits, we could be required to
expend significant resources in defense of such claims. In the event of a claim, we may be required
to spend a significant amount of money to develop non-infringing alternatives or obtain licenses.
We may not be successful in developing such alternatives or obtaining such a license on reasonable
terms or at all. Our customers may be required to or decide to discontinue products which are
alleged to be infringing rather than face continued costs of defending the infringement claims, and
such discontinuance may result in a significant decrease in our business.

23

Table of Contents

We depend on our officers, managers and skilled personnel.

     Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of our executive officers
and other skilled personnel. Generally our employees are not bound by employment or non-competition
agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our executive officers and other key
employees. We could be seriously harmed by the loss of any of our executive officers. In order to
manage our growth, we will need to recruit and retain additional skilled management personnel and
if we are not able to do so, our business and our ability to continue to grow could be harmed.

Any delay in the implementation of our information systems could disrupt our operations and cause
unanticipated increases in our costs.

     We have completed the installation of an Enterprise Resource Planning system in most of our
manufacturing sites, excluding the sites we acquired in the Taiwan
Green Point Enterprises Co., Ltd.
(“Green Point”) acquisition transaction, and in our corporate location. We are in the process of
installing this system in certain of our remaining plants, including certain Green Point sites,
which will replace the current Manufacturing Resource Planning system, and financial information
systems. Any delay in the implementation of these information systems could result in material
adverse consequences, including disruption of operations, loss of information and unanticipated
increases in costs.

Compliance or the failure to comply with current and future environmental, product stewardship and
producer responsibility laws or regulations could cause us significant expense.

     We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental, product
stewardship and producer responsibility laws and regulations, including those relating to the use,
storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous chemicals used during our manufacturing process or
requiring design changes, conformity assessments or recycling of products we manufacture. If we
fail to comply with any present and future regulations, we could become subject to future
liabilities, the suspension of production, or prohibitions on sales of products we manufacture. In
addition, such regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or could require us
to acquire costly equipment, or to incur other significant expenses, including expenses associated
with the recall of any non-compliant product or with changes in our procurement and inventory
management activities.

     Certain environmental laws impose liability for the costs of investigation, removal or
remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on an owner, occupier or operator of real estate, even
if such person or company was unaware of or not responsible for the presence of such substances.
Soil and groundwater contamination may have occurred at some of our facilities. From time to time
we investigate, remediate and monitor soil and groundwater contamination at certain of our
operating sites. In certain instances where contamination existed prior to our ownership or
occupation of a site, landlords or former owners have retained some contractual responsibility for
contamination and remediation. However, failure of such persons to perform those obligations could
result in us being required to remediate such contamination. As a result, we may incur clean-up
costs in such potential removal or remediation efforts. In other instances, we may be solely
responsible for clean-up costs associated with remediation efforts.

     From time to time new regulations are enacted, or existing requirements are changed, and
it is difficult to anticipate how such regulations and changes will be implemented and enforced. We
continue to evaluate the necessary steps for compliance with regulations as they are enacted.

     Over the last several years, we have become subject to certain legal requirements, principally
in Europe, regarding the use of certain hazardous substances in, and the collection, reuse and
recycling of waste from, certain products that use or generate electricity. Similar requirements
are being developed or imposed in other areas of the world where we manufacture or sell products,
including China and the U.S. We believe that we comply, and will be able to continue to comply,
with such emerging requirements. We may experience negative consequences from these emerging
requirements however, including, but not limited to, supply shortages or delays, increased raw
material and component costs, accelerated obsolescence of certain of our raw materials, components
and products and the need to modify or create new designs for our existing and future products.

     Our failure to comply with any applicable regulatory requirements or with related contractual
obligations could result in our being directly or indirectly liable for costs (including product
recall and/or replacement costs), fines or penalties and third-party claims, and could jeopardize
our ability to conduct business in the jurisdictions implementing them.

     In addition, as global warming issues become more prevalent, the U.S. and foreign governments
are beginning to respond to these issues. This increasing governmental focus on global warming may
result in new environmental regulations that may negatively affect us, our suppliers and our
customers. This could cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying with any new
environmental regulations, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers,
suppliers or both incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. These costs may
adversely impact our operations and financial condition.

24

Table of Contents

     Our customers are becoming increasingly concerned with environmental issues, such as waste
management (including recycling) and climate change (including reducing carbon outputs), and are
increasingly expecting suppliers such as us to be similarly concerned and vigilant. Such customer demands may grow and require increased investments of
time and resources to attract and retain customers.

We are subject to the risk of increased taxes.

     We base our tax position upon the anticipated nature and conduct of our business and upon our
understanding of the tax laws of the various countries in which we have assets or conduct
activities. Our tax position, however, is subject to review and possible challenge by taxing
authorities and to possible changes in law (including adverse changes to the manner in which the
U.S. taxes U.S. based multinational companies). We cannot determine in advance the extent to which
some jurisdictions may assess additional tax or interest and penalties on such additional taxes. In
addition, our effective tax rate may be increased by the generation of higher income in countries
with higher tax rates, or changes in local tax rates. For example, China enacted a new unified
enterprise income tax law, effective January 1, 2008, which will result in a higher tax rate on
operations in China as the rate increase is phased in over several years.

     Several countries in which we are located allow for tax incentives to attract and retain
business. We have obtained incentives where available and practicable. Our taxes could increase if
certain tax incentives are retracted (which in some cases could occur if we fail to satisfy the
conditions on which such incentives are based), or if they are not renewed upon expiration, or tax
rates applicable to us in such jurisdictions are otherwise increased. It is anticipated that tax
incentives with respect to certain operations will expire within the next year. However, due to the
possibility of changes in existing tax law and our operations, we are unable to predict how these
expirations will impact us in the future. In addition, acquisitions may cause our effective tax
rate to increase, depending on the jurisdictions in which the acquired operations are located.

Our credit rating may be downgraded.

     Our credit is rated by credit rating agencies. Our 5.875% Senior Notes, 7.750% Senior Notes
and our 8.250% Senior Notes are currently rated BB+ by Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”), Ba1 by Moody’s and
BB+ by S&P, and are considered to be below “investment grade” debt by all three rating agencies.
S&P’s rating downgrade in April 2008, along with those by Fitch in October 2007 and Moody’s in
February 2007, and any potential future negative change in our credit rating, may make it more
expensive for us to raise additional capital in the future on terms that are acceptable to us, if
at all; may negatively impact the price of our common stock; may increase our interest payments
under existing debt agreements; and may have other negative implications on our business, many of
which are beyond our control. In addition, as discussed below in “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources,” the
interest rate payable on the 8.250% Senior Notes and under the Credit Facility is subject to
adjustment from time to time if our credit ratings change. Thus, any potential future negative
change in our credit rating may increase the interest rate payable on the 8.250% Senior Notes, the
Credit Facility and certain of our other borrowings.

Our amount of debt could significantly increase in the future.

     As of August 31, 2009, our debt obligations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets consisted of
$5.1 million under our 5.875% Senior Notes, $400.0 million under our 8.250% Senior Notes, $312.0
million under our 7.750% Senior Notes and $360.0 million outstanding under the term portion of our
Credit Facility. As of August 31, 2009, there was $172.5 million outstanding under various bank
loans to certain of our foreign subsidiaries and under various other debt obligations. Refer to
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity
and Capital Resources” and Note 8 – “Notes Payable, Long-Term Debt and Long-Term Lease
Obligations” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.

     As of August 31, 2009, we have the ability to borrow up to $800.0 million under the revolving
credit portion of the Credit Facility. In addition, the Credit Facility contemplates a potential
increase of the revolving credit portion of up to an additional $200.0 million, if we and the
lenders later agree to such increase. We could incur additional indebtedness in the future in the
form of bank loans, notes or convertible securities.

     Should we desire to consummate significant additional acquisition opportunities, undertake
significant additional expansion activities or make substantial investments in our infrastructure,
our capital needs would increase and could possibly result in our need to increase available
borrowings under our revolving credit facilities or access public or private debt and equity
markets. There can be no assurance, however, that we would be successful in raising additional debt
or equity on terms that we would consider acceptable.

25

Table of Contents

     An increase in the level of our indebtedness, among other things, could:

•

make it difficult for us to obtain any necessary financing in the future for other
acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other
purposes;

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business;

•

make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business; and

•

impact certain financial covenants that we are subject to in connection with our
debt and securitization programs, including, among others, the maximum ratio of debt to
consolidated EBITDA (as defined in our debt agreements and securitization programs).

     There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet future debt service obligations.

We are subject to risks of currency fluctuations and related hedging operations.

     A portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in
exchange rates among other currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect our cost of sales, operating
margins and net revenue. We cannot predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations. We use
financial instruments, primarily forward contracts, to economically hedge U.S. dollar and other
currency commitments arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, fixed purchase
obligations and other foreign currency obligations. Based on our calculations and current
forecasts, we believe that our hedging activities enable us to largely protect ourselves from
future exchange rate fluctuations. If, however, these hedging activities are not successful or if
we change or reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience significant
unexpected expenses from fluctuations in exchange rates.

An adverse change in the interest rates for our borrowings could adversely affect our financial
condition.

     We pay interest on outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and certain
other long term debt obligations at interest rates that fluctuate based upon changes in various
base interest rates. An adverse change in the base rates upon which our interest rates are
determined could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows.

We face certain risks in collecting our trade accounts receivable.

     We generate a significant amount of trade accounts receivable sales from our customers. If any
of our customers has any liquidity issues (the risk of which could be rising due to current
economic conditions), then we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us which could
have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. For
example, on January 14, 2009 and May 28, 2009, two of our customers each filed a petition for
reorganization under bankruptcy law. We have analyzed our financial exposure resulting from both
of these customers’ bankruptcy filings and as a result have recorded an allowance for doubtful
accounts based upon our anticipated exposure associated with these events. Our allowance for
doubtful accounts receivables was $15.5 million as of August 31, 2009 (which represented
approximately 1% of our gross trade accounts receivable balance) and $10.1 million as of August 31,
2008 (which represented less than 1% of our gross trade accounts receivable balance).

Certain of our existing stockholders have significant control.

     At August 31, 2009, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members
collectively beneficially owned 12.7% of our outstanding common stock, of which William D. Morean,
our Chairman of the Board, beneficially owned 7.5%. As a result, our executive officers, directors
and certain of their family members have significant influence over (1) the election of our Board
of Directors, (2) the approval or disapproval of any other matters requiring stockholder approval
and (3) the affairs and policies of Jabil.

26

Table of Contents

Our stock price may be volatile; and further decreases in our stock price, among other factors, may
lead to further impairment of goodwill.

     Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”). The market price of
our common stock has fluctuated substantially in the past and could fluctuate substantially in the
future, based on a variety of factors, including future announcements covering us or our key
customers or competitors, government regulations, litigation, changes in earnings estimates by
analysts, fluctuations in quarterly operating results, or general conditions in our industry and
the aerospace, automotive, computing, consumer, defense, instrumentation, medical, networking,
peripherals, solar, storage and telecommunications industries. Furthermore, stock prices for many
companies and high technology companies in particular, fluctuate widely for reasons that may be
unrelated to their operating results. Those fluctuations and general economic, political and market
conditions, such as recessions or international currency fluctuations and demand for our services,
may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

Provisions in our charter documents and state law may make it harder for others to obtain control
of us even though some shareholders might consider such a development to be favorable.

     Our shareholder rights plan, provisions of our amended certificate of incorporation and the
Delaware Corporation Laws may delay, inhibit or prevent someone from gaining control of us through
a tender offer, business combination, proxy contest or some other method. These provisions may
adversely impact our shareholders because they may decrease the possibility of a transaction in
which our shareholders receive an amount of consideration in exchange for their shares that is at a
significant premium to the then current market price of our shares. These provisions include:

•

a “poison pill” shareholder rights plan;

•

a statutory restriction on the ability of shareholders to take action by less than
unanimous written consent; and

•

a statutory restriction on business combinations with some types of interested
shareholders.

Previous changes in the securities laws and regulations have increased, and may continue to
increase, our costs; and any future changes would likely increase our costs.

     The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related rules promulgated by the SEC and the NYSE,
required changes in some of our corporate governance, securities disclosure and compliance
practices. Compliance with these rules has increased our legal and financial accounting costs for
several years following the announcement and effectiveness of these new rules. While these costs
are no longer increasing, they may in fact increase in the future. In addition, given the recent
turmoil in the securities and credit markets, as well as the global economy, many U.S. and
international governmental, regulatory and supervisory authorities including, but not limited to,
the SEC and the NYSE, are currently contemplating changes in their laws, regulations and rules.
Any such future changes, especially from the SEC or NYSE, may cause our legal and financial
accounting costs to increase.

Due to inherent limitations, there can be no assurance that our system of disclosure and internal
controls and procedures will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in informing
management of all material information in a timely manner.

     Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and
internal controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system reflects that
there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the
company have been or will be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that
judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur simply because of error or
mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control.

     The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.

27

Table of Contents

If we receive other than an unqualified opinion on the adequacy of our internal control over
financial reporting as of August 31, 2010 and future year-ends as required by Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial
statements, which could result in a decrease in the value of your shares.

     As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the SEC adopted rules requiring
public companies to include an annual report on internal control over financial reporting in their
annual reports on Form 10-K that contains an assessment by management of the effectiveness of the
company’s internal control over financial reporting. The independent registered public accounting
firm, KPMG LLP, issued an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of August 31, 2009. While we continuously conduct a rigorous review of our
internal control over financial reporting in order to assure compliance with the Section 404
requirements, if our independent registered public accounting firm interprets the Section 404
requirements and the related rules and regulations differently from us or if our independent
registered public accounting firm is not satisfied with our internal control over financial
reporting or with the level at which it is documented, operated or reviewed, they may issue an
adverse opinion. An adverse opinion could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets
due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our consolidated financial statements.

     In addition, we have spent a significant amount of resources in complying with Section 404’s
requirements. For the foreseeable future, we will likely continue to spend substantial amounts
complying with Section 404’s requirements, as well as improving and enhancing our internal control
over financial reporting.

There are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the
preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (“U.S. GAAP”). Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.

     The condensed consolidated and consolidated financial statements included in the periodic
reports we file with the SEC are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and
assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities and related reserves, revenues,
expenses and income. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently subject to change in the
future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets,
liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses and income. Any such changes could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. In addition, the
principles of U.S. GAAP are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board,
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC and various bodies formed to create
appropriate accounting policies, and interpret such policies. A change in those policies can have a
significant effect on our accounting methods. For example, although not yet currently required, the
SEC could require us to adopt the International Financial Reporting Standards in the next few
years, which could have a significant effect on certain of our accounting methods.

We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters and global events.

     Our operations may be subject to natural disasters or other business disruptions, which could
seriously harm our results of operation and increase our costs and expenses. We are susceptible to
losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes (including in Florida, where our headquarters are
located), earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, tsunamis,
floods, typhoons, fire, extreme weather conditions, geopolitical events such as terrorist acts and
other natural or manmade disasters. Our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is
limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate, or
may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.

Energy price increases may negatively impact our results of operations.

     Certain of the components that we use in our manufacturing activities are petroleum-based. In
addition, we, along with our suppliers and customers, rely on various energy sources (including
oil) in our transportation activities. While significant uncertainty currently exists about the
future levels of energy prices, a significant increase is possible. Increased energy prices could
cause an increase to our raw material costs and transportation costs. In addition, increased
transportation costs of certain of our suppliers and customers could be passed along to us. We may
not be able to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs. In addition, any
increase in our product prices may reduce our future customer orders and profitability.