You should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our publicly traded securities. The
risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as competition, technological obsolescence, labor relations,
general economic conditions, geopolitical events, climate change and international operations. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair
our business operations and our liquidity.

10

Table of Contents

 Risks Relating to Our Businesses 

 General economic and cyclical industry conditions may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        Our operating results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by general economic conditions and the cyclical pattern of
certain industries in which we operate. For example, demand for our services and products is significantly affected by the level of commercial construction, the amount of discretionary consumer and
business spending, and the performance of the housing market, each of which historically has displayed significant cyclicality. Recent economic weakness has adversely affected our businesses. For
example, weakness in the North American and European non-residential construction markets have adversely impacted the system installation and service portion of our ADT Worldwide business,
and weak global economic conditions have also adversely impacted our Flow Control business. Continued weakness in the U.S. or global economies, or in the industries in which we operate, could have a
material negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 We face intense competition in each of our businesses, and competitive challenges from lower cost manufacturers. If we cannot successfully compete in an increasingly global
market-place, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

        We operate in competitive domestic and international markets and compete with many highly competitive manufacturers and service
providers, both domestically and on a global basis. Our manufacturing businesses face competition from lower cost manufacturers in Asia and elsewhere and our service businesses face competition from
alternative service providers around the world. Key components of our competitive position are our ability to adapt to changing competitive environments and to manage expenses successfully. This
requires continuous management focus on reducing costs, maintaining our competitive position and improving efficiency through cost controls, productivity enhancements and regular appraisal of our
asset portfolio. If we are unable to achieve appropriate levels of scalability or cost-effectiveness, or if we are otherwise unable to manage and react to changes in the global
marketplace, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

 Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop or acquire new technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. 

        Our businesses operate in global markets that are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards.
Accordingly, our future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to: identify emerging technological trends in our target end-markets; develop, acquire and
maintain competitive products and services; enhance
our products and services by adding innovative features that differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors; and develop or acquire, manufacture and bring products and services
to market quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to develop or acquire new products and services based on technological innovation can affect our competitive position and requires the
investment of significant resources. These acquisitions and development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses, and they may not lead to the development of new
technologies, products or services on a timely basis or that meet the needs of our customers as fully as competitive offerings. In addition, the markets for our products and services may not develop
or grow as we anticipate. As a result, the failure of our technology, products or services to gain market acceptance or their obsolescence could significantly reduce our revenues, increase our
operating costs or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

11

Table of Contents

 Our ADT business may experience higher rates of customer attrition, which may reduce our future revenue and cause us to change the estimated useful lives of assets related
to our security monitoring customers, increasing our depreciation and amortization expense. 

        Attrition rates for customers in our ADT Worldwide business increased over the prior year to an average of 13.4% on a trailing
12-month basis for 2009, as compared to 12.9% for 2008, and 12.3% in 2007. Although rates have not increased significantly in the last fiscal year, if attrition rates continue to trend
upward, ADT's recurring revenue and results of operations may be adversely affected. The risk is more pronounced in times of economic uncertainty. Tyco amortizes the costs of ADT's contracts and
related customer relationships purchased through the ADT dealer program based on the estimated life of the customer relationships. Internally generated residential and commercial pools are similarly
depreciated. If attrition rates were to rise, Tyco may be required to accelerate the depreciation and amortization of subscriber system assets and intangible assets, which could cause a material
adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

 We have significant operations outside of the United States, which are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating outside of the United States. 

        We have significant operations outside of the United States. We generated 52% of our net revenue outside of the United States in 2009.
We expect net revenue generated outside of the United States to continue to represent a significant portion of total net revenue. Business
operations outside of the United States are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating in certain countries, such as: 

•

the difficulty of enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting assets through non-U.S. legal systems; 

•

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of certain labor regulations outside of the
United States; 

•

compliance with a wide variety of non-U.S. laws and regulations; 

•

changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries where we operate, particularly in emerging
markets; 

•

the threat of nationalization and expropriation; 

•

increased costs and risks of doing business in a wide variety of jurisdictions; 

•

changes in enacted tax laws; 

•

limitations on repatriation of earnings; and 

•

fluctuations in equity and revenues due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

        Changes
in the political or economic environments in the countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

 Volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates may adversely affect our financial condition, result of operations or cash flows. 

        We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest
rates. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

12

Table of Contents

        Our
net revenue derived from sales in non-U.S. markets for 2009 was 52% of our total net revenue, and we expect revenue from non-U.S. markets to continue to
represent a significant portion of our total net revenue. Therefore, when the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of the foreign countries where we sell our products and services
compared to prior periods, our U.S. dollar reported revenue and income will decrease, and vice-versa. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and in some instances,
may have a significant effect on our results of operations. Our financial statements reflect translation of items denominated in non-U.S. currencies to U.S. dollars, our functional
currency. 

        In
addition, we are a large buyer of metals and other commodities, including fossil fuels for our manufacturing operations and our vehicle fleet, the prices of which have fluctuated
significantly in recent years. Increases in the prices of some of these commodities could increase the costs of manufacturing our products and providing our services. We may not be able to pass on
these costs to our customers or otherwise effectively manage price volatility and this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Further, in
a declining price
environment, our operating margins may contract because we account for inventory using the first-in, first-out method. This is most pronounced in our Electrical and Metal
Products segment, where declining copper and steel prices, along with volume declines, negatively affected our margins in 2009. 

        We
monitor these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program. In some cases, we enter into hedge contracts to insulate our results of operations from these
fluctuations. These hedges are subject to the risk that our counterparty may not perform. As a result, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates may have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Divestitures of some of our businesses or product lines may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        We continue to evaluate the performance of all of our businesses and may sell businesses or product lines. Any divestiture could result
in significant asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. Divestitures could involve additional risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management's attention from other
business concerns, the disruption of our business, the potential loss of key employees and the retention of uncertain environmental or other contingent liabilities related to the divested business. We
cannot assure you that we will be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line. 

 Our business strategy includes acquiring companies and making investments that complement our existing businesses. These acquisitions and investments could be unsuccessful
or consume significant resources, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

        Acquisitions and investments may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrence, operating losses and expenses that could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including: 

•

diversion of management time and attention from daily operations; 

•

difficulties integrating acquired businesses, technologies and personnel into our business; 

•

inability to obtain required regulatory approvals and/or required financing on favorable terms; 

•

potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships, or key customers of acquired companies or of us; and 

13

Table of Contents

•

assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies. 

        It
may be difficult for us to complete transactions quickly and to integrate acquired operations efficiently into our current business operations. Any acquisitions or investments may
ultimately harm our business or financial condition, as such acquisitions may not be successful and may ultimately result in impairment charges. 

 If we cannot obtain sufficient quantities of materials, components and equipment required for our manufacturing activities at competitive prices and quality and on a timely
basis, or if our manufacturing capacity does not meet demand, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may suffer. 

        We purchase materials, components and equipment from third-parties for use in our manufacturing operations. If we cannot obtain
sufficient quantities of these items at competitive prices and quality and on a timely basis, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of product to satisfy market demand, product shipments
may be delayed or our material or
manufacturing costs may increase. In addition, because we cannot always immediately adapt our cost structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing capacity may at times exceed or fall
short of our production requirements. Any of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and otherwise adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Failure to retain or attract qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 

        The Company's culture and guiding principles focus on continuously training, motivating and developing employees, and in particular it
strives to attract, motivate and retain qualified managers to handle the day-to-day operations of a highly diversified organization. If we fail to retain and attract qualified
personnel, the Company's operations could be adversely affected. In addition, excessive turnover in personnel could cause manufacturing inefficiencies in certain of our businesses. The demand for
experienced management in certain geographic areas also makes it difficult to retain qualified employees. High turnover could result in additional training and inefficiencies that could adversely
impact the Company's operating results. 

 We have recently recognized substantial impairment charges and may be required to recognize additional impairment charges in the future. 

        Pursuant to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we are required to periodically assess our goodwill,
intangibles and other long-lived assets to determine if they are impaired. Disruptions to our business, end market conditions and protracted economic weakness, unexpected significant
declines in operating results of reporting units, divestitures and market capitalization declines may result in additional charges for goodwill and other asset impairments. During the quarter ended
March 27, 2009, we recognized aggregate goodwill and intangible asset impairments of $2.7 billion, resulting primarily from a slowdown in the commercial markets including the retailer
end market in certain of our businesses; a decline in sales volume at our Electrical and Metal Products segment; and downward revisions to forecasted results, restructuring actions and weaker industry
outlooks. As a result, the Company recognized an aggregate goodwill impairment of $2.6 billion ($2.6 billion after-tax) at six of our reporting units and intangible asset
impairments of $64 million ($40 million after-tax) related to franchise rights in our ADT Worldwide segment and a tradename in our Safety Products segment. The Company
believes that our goodwill balance as of September 25, 2009 is recoverable. However, fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to change. Additional impairments
to one or more of our reporting units could occur in future periods whether or not connected to the annual impairment analysis. Future impairment 

14

Table of Contents

charges
could materially affect our reported earnings in the periods of such charges and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Matters 

 We are named as a defendant in a variety of litigation that could cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        We are named as a defendant in a significant amount of litigation, including claims for damages arising out of the use or installation
of our products or services, litigation alleging the infringement of intellectual property rights, litigation alleging anti-competitive behavior, litigation related to environmental
matters, product liability
litigation (including asbestos-related claims), litigation alleging violations of federal and state securities laws, employee matters and commercial disputes. In certain circumstances, patent
infringement and anti-trust laws permit successful plaintiffs to recover treble damages. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management's attention, and we may incur significant
expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements, or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, that could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against
potential loss exposures. 

 Legislative action by the U.S. Congress could materially, adversely affect us despite our Change of Domicile. 

        Legislative action could be taken by the U.S. Congress which, if ultimately enacted, could override tax treaties upon which we rely,
which would adversely affect our effective corporate tax rate despite our Change of Domicile. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. However, if proposals were enacted
that had the effect of disregarding our March 2009 Change of Domicile from Bermuda to Switzerland or limiting our ability as a Swiss company to take advantage of the tax treaties between Switzerland
and the United States, we could be subjected to increased taxation. Also, various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced in recent years that deny, or would deny, government
contracts to U.S. companies that move their locations abroad. We cannot assure you that moving our jurisdiction of incorporation to Switzerland has eliminated the risk that these contract bans will
apply to us. 

        In
addition, there continues to be negative publicity regarding, and criticism of, companies that conduct substantial business in the U.S. but are domiciled abroad. We cannot assure you
that we will not be subject to such criticism as a result of our domicile in Switzerland. 

 Changes in legislation or governmental regulations or policies can have a significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        We operate in regulated industries. Our U.S. operations are subject to regulation by a number of federal, state and local governmental
agencies with respect to safety of operations and equipment, labor and employment matters and financial responsibility. Intrastate operations in the United States are subject to regulation by state
regulatory authorities, and our international operations are regulated by the countries in which they operate and by extra-territorial laws. We and our employees are subject to various U.S. federal,
state and local laws and regulations, as well as non-U.S. laws and regulations, including many related to consumer protection. Most states in which we operate have licensing laws covering
the monitored security services industry and the construction industry. Our ADT Worldwide business relies heavily upon wireline telephone service to communicate signals, and wireline telephone
companies are regulated by both the federal and state governments. Changes in laws or regulations could require us to change the way we operate, which could increase costs or otherwise disrupt 

15

Table of Contents

operations.
In addition, failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating permits and licenses. If laws and regulations
changed or we failed to comply, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws outside the United States. 

        The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in FCPA
enforcement activity, with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both the Department of Justice ("DOJ") and the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"),
increased enforcement activity by non-U.S. regulators, and increases in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. Our policies mandate compliance with these
anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental and commercial corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with
anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We cannot assure you that our internal control policies and procedures always will protect us from reckless or criminal
acts committed by our employees or agents. Furthermore, we have been subject to investigations by the DOJ and the SEC related to allegations that improper payments have been made by our subsidiaries
and agents in recent years in violation of the FCPA. We have reported to the DOJ and the SEC the remedial measures that we have taken in response to the allegations and our own internal
investigations. We also retained outside counsel to perform a Company-wide baseline review of our policies, controls and practices with respect to the FCPA, and we periodically provide
updates to the SEC and DOJ regarding our FCPA investigations and compliance activities. As a result, it is possible that we will be required to pay material fines, consent to injunctions on future
conduct or suffer other civil or criminal penalties or adverse impacts, including being subject to securities litigation or a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely
affect our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, business prospects or the market value of our stock. 

 Our failure to satisfy international trade compliance regulations may adversely affect us. 

        Our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders on a regular basis. From time
to time, we obtain or receive information alleging improper activity in connection with imports or exports. Our policy mandates strict compliance with U.S. and international trade laws. When we
receive information alleging improper activity, our policy is to investigate that information and respond appropriately, including, if warranted, reporting our findings to relevant governmental
authorities. Nonetheless, we cannot provide assurance that our policies and procedures will always protect us from actions that would violate U.S. and/or foreign laws. Such improper actions could
subject the Company to civil or criminal penalties, including material monetary fines, or other adverse actions including denial of import or export privileges, and could damage our reputation and our
business prospects. 

 We continue to be responsible for a portion of our contingent and other corporate liabilities following the Separation, primarily those relating to shareholder litigation
and pre-Separation income tax liabilities. 

        Under the Separation and Distribution Agreement and other agreements, subject to certain exceptions contained in the Tax Sharing
Agreement, we, Covidien and Tyco Electronics have agreed to assume and be responsible for 27%, 42% and 31%, respectively, of certain of our contingent and other corporate liabilities. All costs and
expenses associated with the management of these contingent and other corporate liabilities will be shared equally among the parties. These contingent and other corporate liabilities primarily relate
to legacy securities litigation and any actions with respect to the separation plan or the Separation brought by any third party, as well as pre-Separation income tax liabilities. Liabilities that are
specifically related to one of the three separated companies are not allocated. 

16

Table of Contents 

        If any party responsible for such liabilities were to default in its payment, when due, of any of these assumed obligations, each non-defaulting party
would be required to pay equally with any other non-defaulting party the amounts in default. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our
agreed-upon share of the assumed obligations related to such contingent and other corporate liabilities including associated costs and expenses. 

 We could face product liability and asbestos claims relating to products we manufacture or install. These claims could result in significant costs and liabilities and reduce
our profitability. 

        We face exposure to product liability claims in the event that any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. In
addition, if any of our products prove to be defective, we may be required to recall or redesign such products, which could result in significant unexpected costs. We have been named in a significant
number of lawsuits alleging damages based on claims that individuals were exposed to asbestos through the past distribution of asbestos-containing industrial products. Any insurance we maintain may
not be available on terms acceptable to us or such coverage may not be adequate for liabilities actually incurred. Any claim or product recall could result in adverse publicity against us, which could
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        In
addition, we could face liability for failure to respond adequately to alarm activations or failure of our fire protection systems to operate as expected. The nature of the services
we provide potentially exposes us to risks of liability for employee acts or omissions or system failures. In an attempt to reduce this risk, our alarm monitoring agreements and other contracts
contain provisions limiting our liability in such circumstances. We cannot assure you, however, that these limitations will be enforced. Losses from such litigation could be material to our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, litigation and violations. 

        We are subject to numerous foreign, federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws governing, among other
things: 

•

the generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials; 

•

emissions or discharges of substances into the environment; and 

•

the health and safety of our employees. 

We
cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise
sanctioned by regulators. 

        Certain
environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at their properties
or at properties at which they have disposed of hazardous substances. In addition to cleanup actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims
due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. 

        We
have received notification from the United States Environmental Protection Agency and from state environmental agencies, that conditions at a number of sites where we and others
disposed of hazardous substances require cleanup and other possible remedial action and may require that we reimburse the government or otherwise pay for the cost of cleanup of those sites and/or for
natural resource damages. We have projects underway at a number of current and former manufacturing facilities to investigate and remediate environmental contamination resulting from past operations.
These projects relate to a variety of activities, including: 

•

solvent, metal and other hazardous substance contamination cleanup; and 

•

oil spill equipment upgrades and replacement. 

17

Table of Contents

These
projects involve both remediation expenses and capital improvements. In addition, we remain responsible for certain environmental issues at manufacturing locations previously sold by us. 

        The
ultimate cost of cleanup at disposal sites and manufacturing facilities is difficult to predict given uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the interpretation
of applicable laws and regulations and alternative cleanup methods. Based upon our experience, current information regarding known contingencies and applicable laws, we concluded that it is probable
that we would incur remedial costs of approximately $40 million, of which $12 million is included in accrued and other current liabilities and $28 million is included in other
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 25, 2009. Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. While we have
budgeted for future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with such laws, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection
and health and safety laws, or our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or materially adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. We may also be subject to material liabilities for additional environmental claims for personal injury or cleanup in the future based on our past,
present or future business activities or for existing environmental conditions of which we are not presently aware. 

 Risks Related to Our Liquidity 

 Recent disruptions in the financial markets could have adverse effects on us, our customers and our suppliers, as access to liquidity may be negatively impacted by
disruptions in the credit markets, leading to increased funding costs or unavailability of credit. 

        In the normal course of our business, we access credit markets for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of
indebtedness, acquisitions, additions to working capital, repurchase of common shares, capital expenditures and investments in the Company's subsidiaries. Although we believe we have sufficient
liquidity to meet our current needs, our access to and the cost of capital could be negatively impacted by disruptions in the credit markets. In 2009, global credit markets experienced significant
dislocations and liquidity disruptions, and continued uncertainty in the credit markets may make financing terms for borrowers unattractive or unavailable. These factors may make it more difficult or
expensive for us to access credit markets to meet our needs. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for our suppliers to meet demand for their products or for prospective customers to
commence new projects, as customers and suppliers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. These disruptions in the financial markets have had
adverse effects on other areas of the economy and have led to a slow down in general economic activity that we expect to continue to adversely affect our businesses. These disruptions may have other
unknown adverse affects. Based on these conditions, our profitability and our ability to execute our business strategy may be adversely affected. 

 Covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect us. 

        Our bank credit agreements contain financial covenants, including a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation, and amortization and limits on incurrence of liens and subsidiary debt. Our indentures contain customary covenants including limits on negative pledges, subsidiary debt and
sale/leaseback transactions. 

        Although
we believe none of these covenants are restrictive to our operations, our ability to meet the financial covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot
provide assurance that we will meet those tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreements or indentures. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
under any of our credit facilities or indentures, the lenders or trustees could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to
extend further credit. 

18

Table of Contents

If
the lenders or trustees accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot provide assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our credit facilities and our other indebtedness.
Furthermore, acceleration of any obligation under any of our material debt instruments will permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate their obligations, which could have a material
adverse affect on our financial condition. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

 Material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our
outstanding indebtedness. 

        We estimate that our available cash, our cash flow from operations and amounts available to us under our revolving lines of credit will
be adequate to fund our operations and service our debt for the foreseeable future. However, material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements arising from our pending investigations
and litigation could require additional funding. If such developments require us to obtain additional funding, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain the additional funding that we
need on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        Such
an outcome could have important consequences to you. For example, it could: 

•

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby
reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other general corporate purposes, including debt reduction or dividend
payments; 

•

increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate; 

•

restrict our ability to introduce new technologies or exploit business opportunities; 

•

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our payment obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness; and 

•

increase the difficulty and/or cost to us of refinancing our indebtedness. 

 Risks Relating to Tax Matters 

 Examinations and audits by tax authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service, could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. 

        The Company and its subsidiaries' income tax returns periodically are examined by various tax authorities. In connection with these
examinations, tax authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), have raised issues and proposed tax adjustments. We are reviewing and contesting certain of the proposed tax adjustments.
Amounts related to these tax adjustments and other tax contingencies and related interest that management has assessed for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded through the income tax
provision, equity or goodwill, as appropriate. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions
across our global operations. We recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of
whether, and the extent to which, additional income taxes will be due. These tax liabilities are reflected net of related tax loss carryforwards. We adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts
and circumstances. 

        In
2004, in connection with the IRS audit of the 1997 through 2000 years, the Company submitted to the IRS proposed adjustments to certain prior period U.S. federal income tax
returns resulting in a reduction in the taxable income previously filed. During 2006, the IRS accepted substantially all of the 

19

Table of Contents

proposed
adjustments. Subsequently, the Company developed proposed amendments to U.S. federal income tax returns for additional periods through 2006. On the basis of previously accepted amendments,
the Company has determined that these adjustments will more-likely-than-not be accepted and, accordingly, has recorded such adjustments in the Consolidated
Financial Statements. Such adjustments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. While the final adjustments cannot be determined until
the IRS review is completed, the Company believes that any resulting adjustments will not have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 We share responsibility for certain of our, Covidien's and Tyco Electronics' income tax liabilities for tax periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. 

        Under the Tax Sharing Agreement, we share responsibility for certain of our, Covidien's and Tyco Electronics' income tax liabilities,
which result in cash payments, based on a sharing formula for periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. More specifically, we, Covidien and Tyco Electronics share 27%, 42% and 31%,
respectively, of U.S. income tax liabilities that arise from adjustments made by tax authorities to our, Covidien's and Tyco Electronics' U.S. and certain non-U.S. income tax returns, certain income
tax liabilities arising from adjustments made by tax authorities to intercompany transactions or similar adjustments, and certain taxes attributable to internal transactions undertaken in anticipation
of the Separation. All costs and expenses associated with the management of these shared tax liabilities will be shared equally among the parties. We are responsible for all of our own taxes that are
not shared pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement's sharing formula. In addition, Covidien and Tyco Electronics are responsible for their tax liabilities that are not subject to the Tax Sharing
Agreement's sharing formula. 

        If
any party to the Tax Sharing Agreement were to default in its obligation to another party to pay its share of the distribution taxes that arise as a result of no party's fault, each
non-defaulting party would be required to pay, equally with any other non-defaulting party, the amounts in default. In addition, if another party to the Tax Sharing Agreement
that is responsible for all or a portion of an income tax liability were to default in its payment of such liability to a taxing authority, we could be legally liable under applicable tax law for such
liabilities and required to make additional tax payments. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our agreed-upon share of our, Covidien's
and Tyco Electronics' tax liabilities. 

 If the distribution of Covidien and Tyco Electronics common shares to our shareholders or certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the Separation are
determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 

        We have received private letter rulings from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution of Covidien
and Tyco Electronics common shares to our shareholders substantially to the effect that the distribution of such shares, except for cash received in lieu of fractional shares, will qualify as
tax-free under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"). The private letter rulings also provided that certain internal transactions
undertaken in anticipation of the Separation would qualify for favorable treatment under the Code. The private letter rulings relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations and
undertakings, from Tyco, Covidien and Tyco Electronics regarding the past and future conduct of our respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the private letter rulings and the
opinions, the IRS could determine on audit that the distribution or the internal transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions,
representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the distributions should be taxable for other reasons, including as a result of significant changes in stock or asset
ownership after the distribution. If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, we would recognize a gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the Covidien and
Tyco Electronics common shares distributed 

20

Table of Contents

to
our shareholders on June 29, 2007 over our tax basis in such common shares, but such gain, if recognized, generally would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. However, we would incur
significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities if it ultimately is determined that certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the Separation should be treated as taxable
transactions. 

 Risks Relating to Our Jurisdiction of Incorporation in Switzerland 

 Swiss laws differ from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to holders of Tyco's securities. 

        Tyco International has changed its place of incorporation from Bermuda to Switzerland. Because of differences between Swiss law and
Bermuda law and differences between the governing documents of Swiss and Bermuda companies, it may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the United States against Tyco International
based on the civil liability provisions of the federal or state securities laws of the United States in Switzerland. As a result, in a lawsuit based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S.
federal or state securities laws, U.S. investors may find it difficult to: 

•

effect service within the United States upon Tyco or its directors and officers located outside the United States; 

•

enforce judgments obtained against those persons in U.S. courts or in courts in jurisdictions outside the United States;
and 

•

enforce against those persons in Switzerland, whether in original actions or in actions for the enforcement of judgments
of U.S. courts, civil liabilities based solely upon the U.S. federal or state securities laws. 

        Switzerland
and the United States do not have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition of and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. The recognition and
enforcement of a judgment of the courts of the United States in Switzerland is governed by the principles set forth in the Swiss Federal Act on Private International Law. This statute provides in
principle that a judgment rendered by a non-Swiss court may be enforced in Switzerland only if: 

•

the foreign court had jurisdiction pursuant to the Swiss Federal Act on Private International Law; 

•

the judgment of such foreign court has become final and non-appealable; 

•

the judgment does not contravene Swiss public policy; 

•

the court procedures and the service of documents leading to the judgment were in accordance with the due process of law;
and 

•

no proceeding involving the same position and the same subject matter was first brought in Switzerland, or adjudicated in
Switzerland, or that it was earlier adjudicated in a third state and this decision is recognizable in Switzerland. 

 Until January 1, 2011, Tyco must declare and pay dividends in the form of reductions of registered share capital, which must be stated in Swiss francs, to avoid
adverse tax consequences. Any currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and Swiss francs will affect the dollar value of the dividends Tyco pays. 

        Under Swiss law, payments that are made to shareholders in the form of a return of registered share capital do not require the payment
of withholding taxes to Swiss authorities, while ordinary dividend payments require that such taxes be withheld. Swiss corporate law requires that any payments made to shareholders in the form of a
return of capital must be denominated in Swiss francs. After January 1, 2011, dividend payments may be made out of contributed surplus without having to pay withholding taxes, and these
payments can be denominated and paid in U.S. dollars. Therefore, until 

21

Table of Contents

January 1,
2011, we expect to pay dividends in the form of a return of registered share capital, and these dividends will be denominated in Swiss francs. We expect our transfer agent to make
these dividend payments in U.S. dollars converted at the U.S. dollar to Swiss franc exchange rate shortly before the payment date. As a result, shareholders will be exposed to fluctuations in the
value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Swiss franc between the date used for purposes of calculating the Swiss franc amount of any proposed capital reduction (which will typically be on or about the
date of our annual general meeting) and the relevant payment date, which will not be shorter than two months and could be as long as a year. 

 As a result of our Change of Domicile and the increase in the par value of our shares, we may have less flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management. 

        In connection with the Change of Domicile, we significantly increased the par value of our shares. Currently the par value of our
shares is CHF 8.07 (or approximately $7.87 based on the exchange rate in effect on November 2, 2009). Under Swiss law, we generally may not issue registered shares for an amount below
par value. As of November 2, 2009, the closing price of our ordinary shares on the NYSE was $33.53. In the event there is a need to raise common equity capital at a time when the trading price
of our registered shares is below our par value, we would need to obtain approval of our shareholders to decrease the par value of our registered shares. We cannot assure you that we would be able to
obtain such shareholder approval. Obtaining shareholder approval also would require filing a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC and convening a meeting of shareholders which would delay any
capital raising plans. If we were to receive shareholder approval to reduce the par value of our registered shares, the reduction would decrease our ability to pay dividends as a repayment of share
capital, which may subject you to Swiss withholding tax.