You should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our publicly traded securities. The risks described below are
not the only ones facing us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as competition, technological obsolescence, labor relations, general economic conditions,
geopolitical events, climate change and international operations. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business operations and our
liquidity.

Risks Relating to Our Businesses 

 Cyclical industry and economic conditions have affected and may continue to adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        Our operating results can be adversely affected by the general cyclical pattern of certain industries in which we operate. For example, demand for our services
and products is significantly affected by the level of commercial construction, the amount of discretionary consumer and business spending and the performance of the housing market, each of which
historically has displayed significant cyclicality. A downturn in any of these industries or the deterioration in general global economic conditions could have a negative impact on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, litigation and violations. 

        We are subject to numerous foreign, federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws governing, among other things: 

•

the
generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials;

•

emissions
or discharges of substances into the environment; and

•

the
health and safety of our employees. 

There
can be no assurances that we have been or will be at all times in compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged or
otherwise sanctioned by regulators. 

        Certain
environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at their properties
or at 

13