You should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our publicly traded securities. The
risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as competition, technological obsolescence, labor relations,
general economic conditions, geopolitical events, climate change and international operations. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair
our business operations and our liquidity.

 Risks Relating to Our Businesses 

 General economic and cyclical industry conditions may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        Our operating results can be adversely affected by general economic conditions and the cyclical pattern of certain industries in which
we operate. For example, demand for our services and products is significantly affected by the level of commercial construction, the amount of discretionary consumer and business spending, and the
performance of the housing market, each of which historically has displayed significant cyclicality. Recent economic weakness has begun to affect our businesses. In particular, weakness in the
non-residential construction market as well as deteriorating economic conditions in some of our geographic markets has begun to impact our ADT Worldwide business. Continued weakness in the U.S. or
global economies, or in the industries in which we operate, could have a materially negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

11

 We face intense competition in each of our businesses, and competitive challenges from lower cost manufacturers in overseas markets. If we cannot successfully compete in an
increasingly global market-place, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

        We operate in competitive domestic and international markets and compete with many highly competitive manufacturers and service
providers, both domestically and on a global basis. Our manufacturing businesses face competition from lower cost manufacturers in Asia and elsewhere and our service businesses face competition from
alternative service providers around the world. Key components of our competitive position are our ability to adapt to changing competitive environments and to manage expenses successfully. This
requires continuous management focus on reducing costs, maintaining our competitive position and improving efficiency through cost controls, productivity enhancements and regular appraisal of our
asset portfolio. If we are unable to achieve appropriate levels of scalability or cost-effectiveness, or if we are otherwise unable to manage and react to changes in the global
marketplace, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

 Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop or acquire new technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. 

        Our businesses operate in global markets that are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards.
Accordingly, our future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to: identify emerging technological trends in our target end-markets; develop, acquire and
maintain competitive products and services; enhance our products and services by adding innovative features that differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors; and develop or
acquire, manufacture and bring products and services to market quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to develop or acquire new products and services based on technological innovation
can affect our competitive position and requires the investment of significant resources. These acquisitions and development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our
businesses, and they may not lead to the development of new technologies, products or services on a timely basis or that meet the needs of our customers as fully as competitive offerings. In addition,
the markets for our products and services may not develop or grow as we anticipate. As a result, the failure of our technology, products or services to gain market acceptance or their obsolescence
could significantly reduce our revenues, increase our operating costs or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Our ADT business may experience higher rates of customer attrition, which may reduce our future revenue and cause us to change the estimated useful lives of assets related
to our security monitoring customers, increasing our depreciation and amortization expense. 

        Attrition rates for customers in our ADT Worldwide business increased over the prior year to an average of 12.9% on a trailing 12-month
basis for 2008, as compared to 12.3% for 2007, and 14.2% in 2006. Although rates have not increased significantly in the last fiscal year, if attrition rates continue to trend upward, ADT's recurring
revenue and results of operations will be adversely affected. The risk is more pronounced in times of economic uncertainty. Tyco amortizes the costs of ADT's contracts and related customer
relationships purchased through the ADT dealer program based on the estimated life of the customer relationships. Internally generated residential and commercial pools are similarly depreciated. If
the attrition rates were to rise Tyco may be required to accelerate the depreciation and amortization of subscriber system assets and intangible assets, which could cause a material adverse effect on
our financial condition or results of operations. 

12

 We have significant foreign operations, which are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating in foreign countries. 

        We have significant operations outside of the United States. We currently operate in approximately 60 countries. We generated 52% of
our net revenue outside of the United States in 2008. We expect net revenue generated outside of the United States to continue to represent a significant portion of total net revenue. Business
operations outside of the United States are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating in certain countries, such as: 

•

the difficulty of enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting assets through foreign legal systems; 

•

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations; 

•

compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; 

•

changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries where we operate, particularly in emerging
markets; 

•

the threat of nationalization and expropriation; 

•

increased costs and risks of doing business in a number of foreign jurisdictions; 

•

changes in enacted tax laws; 

•

limitations on repatriation of earnings; and 

•

fluctuations in equity and revenues due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

        Changes
in the political or economic environments in the countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

 Volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates may adversely affect our financial condition, result of operations or cash flows. 

        We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest
rates. See Part II Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

        Our
net revenue derived from sales in non-U.S. markets for 2008 was 52% of our total net revenue, and we expect revenue from non-U.S. markets to continue to
represent a significant portion of our net revenue. Therefore, when the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of the foreign countries where we sell our products and services, as it
has recently done, our U.S. dollar reported revenue and income will decrease, and vice-versa. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and in some instances, may have a
significant effect on our results of operations. Our financial statements reflect recalculations of items denominated in non-U.S. currencies to U.S. dollars, our functional currency. 

        In
addition, we are a large buyer of metals and other commodities, including fossil fuels for our manufacturing operations and our vehicle fleet, the prices of which have fluctuated
significantly in recent years. Increases in the prices of some of these commodities could increase the costs of manufacturing our products and providing our services. We may not be able to pass on
these costs to our customers or otherwise effectively manage price volatility and this could have a material adverse 

13

effect
on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Further, in a declining price environment, our operating margins may contract because we account for inventory using the
first-in, first-out method. This is most pronounced in our Electrical and Metals segment, where declining copper and steel prices have begun to negatively affect our margins. 

        We
monitor these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program. In some cases, we purchase hedges or enter into contracts to insulate our results of operations
from these fluctuations. These hedges and contracts are subject to the risk that our counterparty may not perform. As a result, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates
may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Divestitures of some of our businesses or product lines may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        We continue to evaluate the performance of all of our businesses and may sell businesses or product lines. For example, our Board of
Directors approved several divestitures in 2008, including a subsidiary that makes and sells fire protection products in Japan, a European manufacturer of building products for the construction
industry, a European manufacturer of public address and acoustic systems and substantially all of our Infrastructure Services business. Any divestiture could result in significant asset impairment
charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Divestitures could involve
additional risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our
business, the potential loss of key employees and the retention of uncertain environmental or other contingent liabilities related to the divested business. We cannot assure you that we will be
successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line. 

 Our business strategy includes acquiring companies and making investments that complement our existing businesses. These acquisitions and investments could be unsuccessful
or consume significant resources, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

        Acquisitions and investments may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrence, operating losses and expenses that could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including: 

•

diversion of management time and attention from daily operations; 

•

difficulties integrating acquired businesses, technologies and personnel into our business; 

•

inability to obtain required regulatory approvals and/or required financing on favorable terms; 

•

potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships, or key customers of acquired companies or of us; and 

•

assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies. 

        It
may be difficult for us to complete transactions quickly and to integrate acquired operations efficiently into our current business operations. Any acquisitions or investments may
ultimately harm our business and financial condition, as such acquisitions may not be successful and may ultimately result in impairment charges. 

14

 If we cannot obtain sufficient quantities of materials, components and equipment required for our manufacturing activities at competitive prices and quality and on a timely
basis, or if our manufacturing capacity does not meet demand, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may suffer. 

        We purchase materials, components and equipment from third parties for use in our manufacturing operations. If we cannot obtain
sufficient quantities of these items at competitive prices and quality and on a timely basis, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of product to satisfy market demand, product shipments
may be delayed or our material or manufacturing costs may increase. In addition, because we cannot always immediately adapt our cost structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing
capacity may at times exceed or fall short of our production requirements. Any of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market
acceptance and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Failure to retain or attract qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 

        The Company's culture and guiding principles focus on continuously training, motivating and developing employees, and in particular it
strives to attract, motivate and retain qualified managers to handle the day-to-day operations of a highly diversified organization. If we fail to retain and attract qualified
personnel, the Company's operations could be adversely affected. In addition, excessive turnover in personnel could cause manufacturing inefficiencies in certain of our businesses. The demand for
experienced management in certain geographic areas also makes it difficult to retain qualified production employees. High turnover could result in additional training and inefficiencies that could
adversely impact the Company's operating results. 

 We may be required to recognize additional impairment charges. 

        Pursuant to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we are required to periodically assess our goodwill,
intangibles and other long-lived assets to determine if they are impaired. Disruptions to our business, end market conditions and protracted economic weakness, unexpected significant
declines in operating results of reporting units, divestitures and market capitalization declines may result in additional charges for goodwill and other asset impairments. During the annual goodwill
impairment testing for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2008, the carrying amount of goodwill in the Latin America Fire Protection business, part of our Fire Protection Services segment,
exceeded the implied fair value of goodwill. As a result, the Company recognized a goodwill impairment of $9 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. The Company believes that its goodwill
balance at September 26, 2008 is recoverable. However, fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in the factors described above. In light of current
economic conditions, additional impairments to one or more of our reporting units could occur in future periods whether or not connected to the annual impairment analysis. The Company has certain
reporting units which have limited excess of fair value over carrying value. The goodwill balance for reporting units with less than a ten percent excess of fair value over carrying value in the
aggregate was approximately $2.4 billion at September 26, 2008. Future impairment charges could materially affect our reported earnings in the periods of such charges and could adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

15

 Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Matters 

 We are named as a defendant in a variety of litigation in the course of our business that could cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows. 

        In the ordinary course of business, we are named as a defendant in a significant amount of litigation, including claims for damages
arising out of the use or installation of our products, litigation alleging the infringement of intellectual property rights, litigation alleging anti-competitive behavior, product
liability litigation, litigation alleging violations of federal and state securities laws, employee matters and commercial disputes. In certain circumstances, patent infringement and
anti-trust laws permit successful plaintiffs to recover treble damages. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management's attention, and we may incur significant expenses in
defending these lawsuits. In addition, we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements, or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, that could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against potential loss
exposures. 

 Legislative and other measures that may be taken by U.S. governmental authorities could materially increase our tax burden or otherwise adversely affect our financial
conditions, results of operations or cash flows. 

        We continue to assess the impact of various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals, and modifications to existing tax treaties
between the United States and foreign countries, that could result in a material increase in our U.S. federal and state taxes. In October 2004, the U.S. Congress enacted legislation affecting the tax
treatment of U.S. companies that have undertaken certain types of expatriation transactions. Such legislation did not, however, retroactively apply to the 1997 acquisition of Tyco
International Ltd. by ADT Limited (a public company that had been located in Bermuda since the 1980's with origins dating back to the United Kingdom since the early 1900's), as a result of
which ADT changed its name to Tyco International Ltd. and became the parent to the Tyco group. More recently, several proposals have been introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives that,
if ultimately enacted by the U.S. Congress, would limit treaty benefits on certain payments made by our U.S. subsidiaries to non-U.S. affiliates. We cannot predict the outcome of any
specific legislative proposals. However, if such proposals were to be enacted, or if modifications were to be made to certain existing tax treaties, the consequences could have a material adverse
impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows by increasing our tax
burden, increasing costs of our tax compliance, or requiring us to take corporate actions in response to government initiatives. 

        In
addition, various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced in recent years that deny, or would deny, government contracts to U.S. companies that move their
corporate location abroad. The legislative proposals could cover the 1997 acquisition of Tyco International Ltd. by ADT Limited. 

        We
are unable to predict the likelihood or final form in which any proposed legislation might become law, the nature of regulations that may be promulgated under any future legislative
enactments, or the effect such enactments and increased regulatory scrutiny may have on our business. 

        In
addition, there continues to be negative publicity regarding, and criticism of, U.S. companies' use of, or relocation to, offshore jurisdictions, including Bermuda. As a Bermuda
company, this negative publicity could harm our reputation and impair our ability to generate new business if companies or governmental agencies decline to do business with us as a result of any
perceived negative public image of Bermuda companies or the possibility of our customers receiving negative media attention from doing business with a Bermuda company. 

16

 Changes in legislation or governmental regulations or policies can have a significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        We operate in regulated industries. Our U.S. operations are subject to regulation by a number of federal, state and local governmental
agencies with respect to safety of operations and equipment, labor and employment matters and financial responsibility. Intrastate operations in the United States are subject to regulation by state
regulatory authorities, and our international operations are regulated by the countries in which they operate and by extra-territorial laws. We and our employees are subject to various U.S. federal,
state and local laws and regulations, as well as non-U.S. laws and regulations, including many related to consumer protection. Most states in which we operate have licensing laws covering
the monitored security services industry and the construction industry. Our ADT Worldwide business relies heavily upon wireline telephone service to communicate signals, and wireline telephone
companies are regulated by both the federal and state governments. Changes in laws or regulations could require us to change the way we operate, which could increase costs or otherwise disrupt
operations. In addition, failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating permits
and licenses. If laws and regulations changed or we failed to comply, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws outside the United States. 

        The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these
anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental and commercial corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with
anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We cannot assure you that our internal control policies and procedures always will protect us from reckless or criminal
acts committed by our employees or agents. Furthermore, we have been subject to investigations by the DOJ and the SEC related to allegations that improper payments have been made by our subsidiaries
in recent years in violation of the FCPA. We have reported to the DOJ and the SEC the investigative steps and remedial measures that we have taken in response to the allegations. We have also retained
outside counsel to perform a company-wide baseline review of our policies, controls and practices with respect to the FCPA, and we periodically provide updates to the SEC and DOJ. We also intend to
present our factual findings upon the conclusion of the review. As a result, it is possible that we will be required to pay material fines, consent to injunctions on future conduct or suffer other
penalties or adverse impacts, including being subject to securities litigation or a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our financial position, results of
operations, cash flows, business prospects or the market value of our stock. 

 Our failure to satisfy international trade compliance regulations may adversely affect us. 

        Tyco's global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders on a regular basis. From
time to time, Tyco obtains or receives information alleging improper activity in connection with imports or exports. Tyco's policy mandates strict compliance with U.S. and foreign international trade
laws. When Tyco receives information alleging improper activity, its policy is to investigate that information and respond appropriately, including, if warranted, reporting its findings to relevant
governmental authorities. Nonetheless, we cannot provide assurance that our policies and procedures will always protect us from actions that would violate U.S. and/or foreign laws. Such improper
actions could subject the Company to civil or criminal penalties, including material monetary 

17

fines,
or other adverse actions including denial of import or export privileges, and could damage our reputation and our business prospects. 

 We continue to be subject to a number of lawsuits stemming from the actions of our prior senior management. Adverse outcomes of these matters could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        In 2007, we settled the majority of the legacy securities claims brought against Tyco related to the actions of former senior
management by contributing our share to a $2.975 billion settlement fund. However, the settlement did not purport to resolve all securities cases, and several cases remain outstanding. These
outstanding cases include claims made under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, claims made by plaintiffs not included in the class covered by the settlement and claims made by plaintiffs
that opted out of the settlement. In connection with some of these lawsuits, we are obligated to indemnify our directors and officers and our former directors and officers who are also named as
defendants to the extent required by Bermuda law. We do not believe that it is feasible to predict or determine the final outcome or resolution of the unresolved proceedings. An adverse outcome from
the unresolved proceedings could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 We continue to be responsible for a portion of our contingent and other corporate liabilities following the Separation, primarily those relating to shareholder litigation. 

        Under the Separation and Distribution Agreement and other agreements, subject to certain exceptions contained in the Tax Sharing
Agreement, we, Covidien and Tyco Electronics have agreed to assume and be responsible for 27%, 42% and 31%, respectively, of certain of our contingent and other corporate liabilities. All costs and
expenses associated with the management of these contingent and other corporate liabilities will be shared equally among the parties. These contingent and other corporate liabilities primarily relate
to legacy securities litigation and any actions with respect to the separation plan or the Separation brought by any third party. Contingent and other corporate liabilities do not include liabilities
that are specifically related to one of the three separated companies, which are allocated 100% to the relevant company. 

        If
any party responsible for such liabilities were to default in its payment, when due, of any of these assumed obligations, each non-defaulting party would be required to
pay equally with any other non-defaulting party the amounts in default. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our
agreed-upon share of the assumed obligations related to such contingent and other corporate liabilities including associated costs and expenses. 

 We could face product liability claims relating to products we manufacture or install. These claims could result in significant costs and liabilities and reduce our
profitability. 

        We face exposure to product liability claims in the event that any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. In
addition, if any of our products prove to be defective, we may be required to recall or redesign such products, which could result in significant unexpected costs. Any insurance we maintain may not be
available on terms acceptable to us or such coverage may not be adequate for liabilities actually incurred. Any claim or product recall could result in adverse publicity against us, which could
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        In
addition, we could face liability for failure to respond adequately to alarm activations. The nature of the services we provide potentially exposes us to risks of liability for
employee acts or omissions or system failures. In an attempt to reduce this risk, our alarm monitoring agreements contain provisions limiting our liability in such circumstances. We cannot assure you,
however, that these limitations will be enforced. Losses from such litigation could be material to our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

18

 Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, litigation and violations. 

        We are subject to numerous foreign, federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws governing, among other
things: 

•

the generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials; 

•

emissions or discharges of substances into the environment; and 

•

the health and safety of our employees. 

We
cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise
sanctioned by regulators. 

        Certain
environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at their properties
or at properties at which they have disposed of hazardous substances. In addition to cleanup actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims
due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. 

        We
have received notification from the United States Environmental Protection Agency and from state environmental agencies, that conditions at a number of sites where we and others
disposed of hazardous substances require cleanup and other possible remedial action and may require that we reimburse the government or otherwise pay for the cost of cleanup of those sites and/or for
natural resource damages. We have projects underway at a number of current and former manufacturing facilities to investigate and remediate environmental contamination resulting from past operations.
These projects relate to a variety of activities, including: 

•

solvent, metal and other hazardous substance contamination cleanup; and 

•

oil spill equipment upgrades and replacement. 

These
projects involve both remediation expenses and capital improvements. In addition, we remain responsible for certain environmental issues at manufacturing locations previously sold by us. 

        The
ultimate cost of cleanup at disposal sites and manufacturing facilities is difficult to predict given uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the interpretation
of applicable laws and regulations and alternative cleanup methods. Based upon our experience, current information regarding known contingencies and applicable laws, we believe that it is probable
that we would incur remedial costs of approximately $43 million, of which $10 million is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and $33 million is included in
other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. While we have budgeted for future capital and
operating expenditures to maintain compliance with such laws, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws, or our
liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. We may also be subject to material liabilities for additional environmental claims for personal injury or cleanup in the future based on our past, present or future business activities
or for existing environmental conditions of which we are not presently aware. 

 We are subject to ongoing governmental investigations that may have an adverse effect on our business. 

        We and others have received various subpoenas and requests from the SEC, the General Service Administration and other government
agencies seeking the production of voluminous documents in connection with various investigations into our governance, management, operations, accounting and 

19

related
controls. Some of these investigations stem from the actions of our former senior management, while others result from our ongoing business operations. If we or one of our business units were
charged with wrongdoing as a result of any U.S. governmental investigations, including violation of certain environmental or export laws, we could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards of
new U.S. governmental contracts pending the completion of legal proceedings. If convicted or found liable, we could be subject to fines, penalties, repayments and treble and other damages. Any
contracts found to be tainted by fraud could be voided by the U.S. government. The U.S. government also reserves the right to prohibit a contractor from receiving new governmental contracts for
fraudulent, criminal or other seriously improper conduct. Independently, failure to comply with U.S. laws and regulations related to the export of goods and technology outside the United States could
result in civil or criminal penalties and suspension or termination of our export privileges. At this time, we cannot predict when these investigations will be completed, nor can we predict what the
results of these investigations may be. It is possible that we will be required to pay material fines, consent to injunctions on future conduct, lose the ability to conduct business with governmental
instrumentalities, which in turn could negatively impact our business with non-governmental customers, or suffer other penalties or adverse impacts, each of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict whether the effects and results of these or other investigations will have a material and adverse impact on our financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows. 

 Risks Related to Our Liquidity 

 Recent disruptions in the financial markets could have adverse effects on us, our customers and our suppliers, as access to liquidity may be negatively impacted by
disruptions in the credit markets, leading to increased funding costs or unavailability of credit. 

        In the normal course of our business, we access credit markets to meet our working capital requirements, to service debt obligations,
including refinancing of maturing obligations, and to undertake other activities, such as acquiring assets. Although we believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet our current needs, our access to
and the cost of capital could be negatively impacted by disruptions in the credit markets. Global credit markets have recently experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions, and
continued uncertainty in the credit markets have made financing terms for borrowers less attractive, and in certain cases have resulted in the unavailability of certain types of debt financing. These
factors may make it more difficult or expensive for us to access credit markets to meet our needs. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for our suppliers to meet demand for their
products or for prospective customers to commence new projects, as customers and suppliers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. These
disruptions in the financial markets have had adverse effects on other areas of the economy and have led to a slow down in general economic activity that we expect to adversely affect our businesses.
These disruptions may have other unknown adverse affects. Based on these conditions, our profitability and our ability to execute our business strategy may be adversely affected. 

 Covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect us. 

        Our bank credit agreements contain financial covenants, including a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation, and amortization and limits on incurrence of liens and subsidiary debt. Our indentures contain customary covenants including limits on negative pledges, subsidiary debt and
sale/leaseback transactions. 

        Although
we believe none of these covenants are restrictive to our operations, our ability to meet the financial covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot
provide assurance that we will meet those tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreements or indentures. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
under any of our credit facilities or indentures, the lenders or trustees could elect to declare all amounts outstanding 

20

thereunder
to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders or trustees accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot provide assurance that
we will have sufficient assets to repay our credit facilities and our other indebtedness. Furthermore, acceleration of any obligation under any of our material debt instruments will permit the holders
of our
other material debt to accelerate their obligations, which could have a material adverse affect on our financial condition. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capitalization". 

 Material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our
outstanding indebtedness. 

        We estimate that our available cash, our cash flow from operations and amounts available to us under our revolving lines of credit will
be adequate to fund our operations and service our debt for the foreseeable future. However, material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements arising from our pending investigations
and litigation could require additional funding. If such developments require us to obtain additional funding, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain the additional funding that we
need on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        Such
an outcome could have important consequences to you. For example, it could: 

•

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby
reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other general corporate purposes, including debt reduction or dividend
payments; 

•

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate; 

•

restrict our ability to introduce new technologies or exploit business opportunities; 

•

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our payment obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness; and 

•

increase the difficulty and/or cost to us of refinancing our indebtedness. 

 Risks Relating to Tax Matters 

 We have disclosed a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our accounting for income taxes that could adversely affect our ability to
report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows accurately and on a timely basis. 

        In connection with our assessment of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 for fiscal 2007, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our accounting for income taxes. For a discussion of our internal control over
financial reporting and a description of the identified material weakness, see "Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting" under Item 9A, "Controls and Procedures." 

        A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. During 2007, management's procedures and testing identified errors that,
although not material to the consolidated financial statements, led management to conclude that control deficiencies exist related to tax effecting consolidating entries, analysis and reconciliation
of taxes receivable and taxes payable in 

21

non-U.S.
jurisdictions, certain aspects of deferred taxes, and procedures with respect to classification of tax amounts in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. During fiscal 2008, the Company
completed the first phase of a remediation plan to address these control deficiencies which included performing account reconciliations on income tax accounts globally. As of September 26,
2008, we have
determined, however, that the material weakness continues to exist and requires further remediation in the form of process improvements and subsequent assessment. 

        A
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information. While considerable actions
have been taken to improve our internal controls in response to the material weakness described above, additional work continues. If we are unsuccessful in implementing or following our remediation
plan, we may not be able to timely or accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows or maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures. If we are unable to
report financial information timely and accurately or to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, we could be subject to, among other things, regulatory or enforcement actions by the SEC
and the New York Stock Exchange, including a delisting from the New York Stock Exchange, securities litigation, debt rating agency downgrades or rating withdrawals, any one of which could adversely
affect the valuation of our common stock and could adversely affect our business prospects. 

 Examinations and audits by tax authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service, could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. 

        The Company and its subsidiaries' income tax returns periodically are examined by various tax authorities. In connection with these
examinations, tax authorities, including the IRS, have raised issues and proposed tax adjustments. We are reviewing and contesting certain of the proposed tax adjustments. Amounts related to these tax
adjustments and other tax contingencies and related interest that management has assessed under FIN No. 48 have been recorded through the income tax provision, equity or goodwill, as
appropriate. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. We
recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which,
additional income taxes will be due. These tax liabilities are reflected net of related tax loss carryforwards. We adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances. 

        In
2004, in connection with the IRS audit of the 1997 through 2000 years, the Company submitted to the IRS proposed adjustments to certain prior period U.S. federal income tax
returns resulting in a reduction in the taxable income previously filed. During 2006, the IRS accepted substantially all of the proposed adjustments, and the Company developed proposed amendments to
U.S. federal income tax returns for additional periods through 2002. On the basis of previously accepted amendments, the Company has determined that these adjustments will
more-likely-than-not be accepted and, accordingly, has recorded such adjustments in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Such adjustments did not have a material
impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        Additionally,
during 2008 the Company completed proposed amendments to its U.S. federal income tax returns for periods subsequent to 2002, which primarily reflect the roll forward
through 2006 of the
amendments for the periods 1997 to 2002. Such adjustments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. While the final adjustments cannot
be determined until the income tax return amendment process and the IRS review is completed, the Company believes that any resulting adjustments will not have a material impact on its financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

22

 If the distribution of Covidien and Tyco Electronics common shares to our shareholders or certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the Separation are
determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 

        We have received private letter rulings from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution of Covidien
and Tyco Electronics common shares to our shareholders substantially to the effect that the distribution of such shares, except for cash received in lieu of fractional shares, will qualify as
tax-free under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"). The private letter rulings also provided that certain internal transactions
undertaken in anticipation of the Separation would qualify for favorable treatment under the Code. In addition to obtaining the private letter rulings, we have obtained opinions from the law firm of
McDermott Will & Emery LLP confirming the tax-free status of the distribution and certain internal transactions. The private letter rulings and the opinions relied on certain
facts and assumptions, and certain representations and undertakings, from Tyco, Covidien and Tyco Electronics regarding the past and future conduct of our respective businesses and other matters.
Notwithstanding the private letter rulings and the opinions, the IRS could determine on audit that the distribution or the internal transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it
determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the distributions should be taxable for other reasons, including as a
result of significant changes in stock or asset ownership after the distribution. If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, we would recognize a gain in an amount equal to the excess
of the fair market value of the Covidien and Tyco Electronics common shares distributed to our shareholders on June 29, 2007 over our tax basis in such common shares, but such gain, if
recognized, generally would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. However, we would incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities if it ultimately is determined that certain internal
transactions undertaken in connection with the Separation should be treated as taxable transactions. 

        In
addition, under the terms of the Tax Sharing Agreement that we have entered into with Covidien and Tyco Electronics in connection with the Separation, in the event the distribution or
the internal transactions are determined to be taxable and such determination was the result of actions taken after the Separation by Tyco, Covidien or Tyco Electronics, the party responsible for such
failure would be responsible for all taxes imposed on Tyco, Covidien or Tyco Electronics as a result thereof. If such determination is not the result of actions taken after the Separation by Tyco,
Covidien or Tyco
Electronics, then we, Covidien and Tyco Electronics would be responsible for 27%, 42% and 31%, respectively, of any taxes imposed on us, Covidien or Tyco Electronics as a result of such determination.
Such tax amounts could be significant. In the event that any party to the Tax Sharing Agreement defaults in its obligation to pay distribution taxes to another party that arise as a result of no
party's fault, each non-defaulting party would be responsible for an equal amount of the defaulting party's obligation to make a payment to another party in respect of such other party's
taxes. 

 We share responsibility for certain of our, Covidien's and Tyco Electronics' income tax liabilities for tax periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. 

        Under the Tax Sharing Agreement, we share responsibility for certain of our, Covidien's and Tyco Electronics' income tax liabilities
based on a sharing formula for periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. More specifically, we, Covidien and Tyco Electronics share 27%, 42% and 31%, respectively, of U.S. income tax
liabilities that arise from adjustments made by tax authorities to our, Covidien's and Tyco Electronics' U.S. income tax returns, certain income tax liabilities arising from adjustments made by tax
authorities to intercompany transactions or similar adjustments, and certain taxes attributable to internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the Separation. All costs and expenses associated
with the management of these shared tax liabilities will be shared equally among the parties. We are responsible for all of our own taxes that are not shared pursuant to the Tax Sharing 

23

Agreement's
sharing formula. In addition, Covidien and Tyco Electronics are responsible for their tax liabilities that are not subject to the Tax Sharing Agreement's sharing formula. 

        If
any party to the Tax Sharing Agreement were to default in its obligation to another party to pay its share of the distribution taxes that arise as a result of no party's fault, each
non-defaulting party would be required to pay, equally with any other non-defaulting party, the amounts in default. In addition, if another party to the Tax Sharing Agreement
that is responsible for all or a portion of an income tax liability were to default in its payment of such liability to a taxing authority, we could be legally liable under applicable tax law for such
liabilities and required to make additional tax payments. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our agreed-upon share of our, Covidien's
and Tyco Electronics' tax liabilities. 

 We might not be able to engage in desirable strategic transactions and equity issuances following the Separation because of restrictions relating to U.S. federal income tax
requirements for tax-free distributions. 

        Our ability to engage in significant equity transactions could be limited or restricted after Separation in order to preserve for U.S.
federal income tax purposes the tax-free nature of the distribution. The distribution of common shares of Covidien and Tyco Electronics to our shareholders may result in corporate level
taxable gain to us under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50% or more, by vote or value, of our common shares, Covidien's common shares or Tyco Electronics' common shares are acquired or issued as
part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the distribution. For this purpose, any acquisitions or issuances of our common shares within two years before the distribution, and any
acquisitions or issuances of our common shares, Covidien's common shares or Tyco Electronics' common shares within two years after the distribution, generally are presumed to be part of such a plan,
although we, Covidien or Tyco Electronics may be able to rebut that presumption. We are not aware of any such acquisitions or issuances of our common shares within the two years before the
distribution. If an acquisition or issuance of our common shares, Covidien's common shares or Tyco Electronics' common shares triggers the application of Section 355(e) of the Code, we would
recognize taxable gain as described above, but such gain generally would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. However, certain subsidiaries of Covidien or Tyco Electronics or subsidiaries of
ours would incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities as a result of the application of Section 355(e) of the Code. 

        Under
the Tax Sharing Agreement, there are restrictions on our ability to take actions that could cause the distribution or certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with
the Separation to fail to qualify as tax-free or tax-favored transactions, as the case maybe, including entering into, approving or allowing any transaction that results in a
change in ownership of more than 35% of our common shares, a redemption of equity securities, a sale or other disposition of a substantial portion of our assets, an acquisition of a business or assets
with equity securities to the extent one or more persons would acquire 35% or more of our common shares, or engaging in certain internal transactions. These restrictions apply for the
two-year period after the distribution, unless we obtain the consent of the other parties or we obtain a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service or an unqualified opinion
of a nationally recognized law firm that such action will not cause the distribution or the internal transactions undertaken in connection with the Separation to fail to qualify as
tax-favored transactions and such letter ruling or opinion, as the case may be, is acceptable to the parties. Covidien and Tyco Electronics are subject to similar restrictions under the
Tax Sharing Agreement. Moreover, the Tax Sharing Agreement generally provides that a party thereto is responsible for any taxes imposed on any other party thereto as a result of the failure of the
distribution or certain internal transactions to qualify as tax-favored transactions under the Code if such failure is attributable to certain post-distribution actions taken
by or in respect of the responsible party or its shareholders, regardless of whether the actions occur more than two years after the distribution, the other parties 

24

consent
to such actions or the responsible party obtains a favorable letter ruling or opinion of tax counsel as described above. For example, we would be responsible for a third party's acquisition of
us
at a time and in a manner that would cause such failure. These restrictions may prevent us from entering into transactions which might be advantageous to our shareholders and noteholders. 

 Risks Relating to Our Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

 Bermuda law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to holders of our securities. 

        We are organized under the laws of Bermuda. It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the United States against us
in Bermuda based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some doubt as to whether the courts of Bermuda would recognize or enforce
judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or those
persons based on those laws. We have been advised that the United States and Bermuda do not currently have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and
commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state
securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Bermuda. 

        As
a Bermuda company, Tyco is governed by the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, which differs in some material respects from laws applicable to U.S. companies and shareholders, including,
among others, differences relating to interested director and officer transactions, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification. Likewise, the duties of directors and officers of a Bermuda company are
generally owed to the company only. Shareholders of Bermuda companies do not generally have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may only exercise such rights of
action on behalf of the company in limited circumstances. Under Bermuda law, a company may also agree to indemnify directors and officers for any personal liability, not involving fraud or dishonesty,
incurred in relation to the company.