You should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our publicly traded securities. The
risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as technological obsolescence, labor relations, geopolitical
events, climate change and international operations.

9

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Our Businesses 

General economic and cyclical industry conditions may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        Our operating results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by general economic conditions and the cyclical pattern of
certain industries in which we operate. For example, demand for our services and products is significantly affected by the level of commercial construction, the amount of discretionary consumer and
business spending, and the performance of the housing market, each of which historically has displayed significant cyclicality. Economic weakness in some end markets has adversely affected certain of
our businesses. Events or conditions that adversely impact the health of the U.S. or global economies, or in the industries in which we operate, could have a material negative impact on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

We face intense competition in each of our businesses, and competitive challenges from lower cost manufacturers. If we cannot successfully compete in an increasingly global
market-place, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

        We operate in competitive domestic and international markets and compete with many highly competitive manufacturers and service
providers, both domestically and on a global basis. Our manufacturing businesses face competition from lower cost manufacturers in Asia and elsewhere and our service businesses face competition from
alternative service providers around the world. Key components of our competitive position are our ability to adapt to changing competitive environments and to manage expenses successfully. This
requires continuous management focus on reducing costs, maintaining our competitive position and improving efficiency through cost controls, productivity enhancements and regular appraisal of our
asset portfolio. If we are unable to achieve appropriate levels of scalability or cost-effectiveness, or if we are otherwise unable to manage and react to changes in the global
marketplace, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be adversely affected. 

Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to successfully compete with new and existing competitors by developing or acquiring new technologies that achieve
market acceptance with acceptable margins. 

        Our businesses operate in global markets that are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, evolving industry standards and
potential new entrants in our markets. For example, a number of cable and other telecommunications companies have introduced security services offerings, including interactive security services, that
are competitive with the products and services offered through our Tyco Security Solutions business. If these services are aggressively marketed and gain market acceptance, our ability to grow our
Tyco Security Solutions business, in particular our Pulse offering, could be materially adversely affected. Accordingly, our future success depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to:
identify emerging technological trends in our target end-markets; develop, acquire and maintain competitive products and services; enhance our products and services by adding innovative
features that differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors; and develop or acquire, manufacture and bring products and services to market quickly and
cost-effectively. Our ability to develop or acquire new products and services based on technological innovation can affect our competitive position and requires the investment of
significant resources. These acquisitions and development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses, and they may not lead to the development of new technologies,
products or services on a timely basis. Moreover, as we introduce new products such as Pulse, we may be unable to detect and correct defects in the product or in its installation, which could result
in loss of sales or delays in market acceptance. Even after introduction, new or enhanced products may not satisfy consumer preferences and product failures may cause consumers to reject our products.
As a result, these 

10

Table of Contents

products
may not achieve market acceptance and our brand images could suffer. In addition, our competitors may introduce superior designs or business strategies, impairing our brands and the
desirability of our products and services, which may cause consumers to defer or forego purchases of our products and services. In addition, the markets for our products and services may not develop
or grow as we anticipate. As a result, the failure of our technology, products or services to gain market acceptance, the potential for product defects or the obsolescence of our products and services
could significantly reduce our revenues, increase our operating costs or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our Tyco Security Solutions business may experience higher rates of customer attrition, which may reduce our future revenue and cause us to change the estimated useful lives
of assets related to our security monitoring customers, increasing our depreciation and amortization expense. 

        If customers in our Tyco Security Solutions business segment are dissatisfied with our products or services and switch to competitive
products or services, or disconnect for other reasons, our attrition rates may increase. In periods of increasing attrition rates, Tyco Security Solutions' recurring revenue and results of operations
may be materially adversely affected. The risk is
more pronounced in times of economic uncertainty, as customers may reduce amounts spent on the products and services we provide. Tyco amortizes the costs of ADT's acquired contracts and related
customer relationships based on the estimated life of the customer relationships. Internally generated residential and commercial pools are similarly depreciated. If attrition rates were to rise
significantly, we may be required to accelerate the depreciation and amortization of subscriber system assets and intangible assets, which could cause a material adverse effect on our financial
condition or results of operations. 

We have significant operations outside of the United States, which are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating outside of the United States. 

        We generated 52% of our net revenue outside of the United States in 2011. We expect net revenue generated outside of the United States
to continue to represent a significant portion of total net revenue. Business operations outside of the United States are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating in
certain countries, such as: 

•

the difficulty of enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting assets through non-U.S. legal
systems; 

•

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of certain labor regulations outside of the
United States; 

•

compliance with a wide variety of non-U.S. laws and regulations; 

•

changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries where we operate, particularly in emerging
markets; 

•

the threat of nationalization and expropriation; 

•

increased costs and risks of doing business in a wide variety of jurisdictions; 

•

changes in enacted tax laws; 

•

limitations on repatriation of earnings; and 

•

fluctuations in revenues, operating margins and other financial measures due to changes in foreign currency exchange
rates. 

11

Table of Contents

        Changes
in the political or economic environments in the countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

Volatility in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates may adversely affect our financial condition, result of operations or cash flows. 

        We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest
rates. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

        Our
net revenue derived from sales in non-U.S. markets for 2011 was 52% of our total net revenue, and we expect revenue from non-U.S. markets to continue to
represent a significant portion of our total net revenue. Therefore, if the U.S. dollar has strengthened in relation to the principle foreign currencies where we derive revenue as compared to a prior
period, our U.S. dollar reported revenue and income will decrease, and vice-versa. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and in some instances, may have a
significant effect on our results of operations. Our financial statements reflect translation of items denominated in non-U.S. currencies to U.S. dollars, our functional currency (using
year-end exchange rates for balance sheet data and average exchange rates for statement of operations data). 

        In
addition, we are a large buyer of metals and other commodities, including fossil fuels for our manufacturing operations and our vehicle fleet, the prices of which have fluctuated
significantly in recent years. Increases in the prices of some of these commodities could increase the costs of manufacturing our products and providing our services. We may not be able to pass on
these costs to our customers or otherwise effectively manage price volatility and this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Further, in
a declining price environment, our operating margins may contract because we account for inventory using the first-in, first-out method. 

        We
monitor these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program. In some cases, we enter into hedge contracts to insulate our results of operations from these
fluctuations. These hedges are subject to the risk that our counterparty may not perform. As a result, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates may have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personally identifiable and other information, non-compliance with our
contractual or other legal obligations regarding such information, or a violation of the Company's privacy and security policies with respect to such information, could adversely affect us. 

        We are dependent on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic
information, and, in the normal course of our business, we collect and retain significant volumes of certain types of personally identifiable and other information pertaining to our customers,
stockholders and employees. The legal, regulatory and contractual environment surrounding information security and privacy is constantly evolving and companies that collect and retain such information
are under increasing attack by cyber-criminals around the world. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, stockholder, employee or our data by cybercrime or
otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could adversely
impact our reputation and could result in significant costs, fines, litigation or regulatory action against us. In addition, we depend on our information technology infrastructure for
business-to-business and business-to-consumer electronic commerce. Security breaches of this infrastructure can create system disruptions and shutdowns
that could result in disruptions to our 

12

Table of Contents

operations.
Increasingly, our security products and services are accessed through the Internet, and security breaches in connection with the delivery of our services via the Internet may affect us and
could be detrimental to our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition. We cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography
or other developments will not compromise or breach the technology protecting the networks that access our products and services. 

If we cannot obtain sufficient quantities of materials, components and equipment required for our manufacturing activities at competitive prices and quality and on a timely
basis, or if our manufacturing capacity does not meet demand, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may suffer. 

        We purchase materials, components and equipment from unrelated parties for use in our manufacturing operations. If we cannot obtain
sufficient quantities of these items at competitive prices and quality and on a timely basis, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of product to satisfy market demand, product shipments
may be delayed or our material or manufacturing costs may increase. In addition, because we cannot always immediately adapt our cost structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing
capacity may at times exceed or fall short of our production requirements. Any of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market
acceptance and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Failure to retain or attract qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 

        Our culture and guiding principles focus on continuously training, motivating and developing employees, and in particular we strive to
attract, motivate and retain qualified managers to handle the day-to-day operations of a highly diversified organization. If we fail to retain and attract qualified personnel,
our operations could be adversely affected. In addition, excessive turnover in personnel could cause manufacturing inefficiencies in certain of our businesses. The demand for experienced management in
certain geographic areas also makes it difficult to retain qualified employees. High turnover could result in additional training and inefficiencies that could adversely impact our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

We have recognized substantial impairment charges in the past and may be required to recognize additional impairment charges in the future. 

        Pursuant to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we are required to periodically assess our goodwill,
intangibles and other long-lived assets to determine if they are impaired. Disruptions to our business, end market conditions and protracted economic weakness, unexpected significant
declines in operating results of reporting units, divestitures and market capitalization declines may result in material charges for goodwill and other asset impairments. For example, during the
second fiscal quarter of 2009, we recognized aggregate goodwill and intangible asset impairments of $2.7 billion. We maintain significant goodwill and intangible assets on our balance sheet,
and we believe that as of September 30, 2011 these balances are recoverable. However, fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to change. Additional impairments
to one or more of our reporting units could occur in future periods whether or not connected to the annual impairment analysis. Future impairment charges could materially affect our reported earnings
in the periods of such charges and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Divestitures of some of our businesses or product lines may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        We continually evaluate the performance of all of our businesses and may sell businesses or product lines. Divestitures involve risks,
including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, 

13

Table of Contents

products
and personnel, the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business, the potential loss of key employees and the retention of uncertain
environmental or other contingent liabilities related to the divested business. In addition, divestitures may result in significant asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and
other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in managing these or any other
significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line. 

We may acquire companies and make investments in order to complement existing businesses. These acquisitions and investments could be unsuccessful or consume significant
resources, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

        Acquisitions and investments may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrence, operating losses and expenses that could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including: 

•

diversion of management time and attention from daily operations; 

•

difficulties integrating acquired businesses, technologies and personnel into our business; 

•

inability to obtain required regulatory approvals and/or required financing on favorable terms; 

•

potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships, or key customers of acquired companies or of us; and 

•

assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies. 

        It
may be difficult for us to complete transactions quickly and to integrate acquired operations efficiently into our current business operations. Any acquisitions or investments may
ultimately harm our business or financial condition, as such acquisitions may not be successful and may ultimately result in impairment charges. 

 Risks Related to the 2012 Separation 

The proposed spin-offs of our North American residential security business and our flow control business are contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of
conditions, may require significant time and attention of our management, may not achieve the intended results, and may present difficulties that could have an adverse effect on us. 

        The proposed spin-offs of our North American residential security business and our flow control business are complex in
nature, subject to various conditions, and may be affected by unanticipated developments or changes in market conditions. We expect to file Registration Statements on Form 10 with the SEC that
will contain detailed information regarding the businesses proposed to be spun-off. Completion of these spin-off transactions will be contingent upon a number of factors,
including the approval of our shareholders, favorable rulings from tax authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), the effectiveness of each of the Registration Statements, favorable
capital market conditions and other conditions. For these and other reasons, the spin-off transactions may not be completed as expected by the end of the third calendar quarter of 2012, if
at all. Additionally, execution of the proposed spinoff transactions will require significant time and attention from management, which may distract management from the operation of our businesses and
the execution of our other initiatives. Our employees may also be distracted due to uncertainty about their future roles with each of the separate companies pending the completion of the
spin-off transactions. Further, if the spin-off transactions are completed, each of these transactions may not achieve the intended results and may result in costs that exceed
management's estimated amount of $700 million. Any such 

14

Table of Contents

difficulties
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

If the distributions or certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the spin-offs are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, we or our shareholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 

        We will request a private letter ruling from the IRS substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) the
distributions of our North American residential security and flow control common shares to our shareholders, except for cash, if any, received in lieu of fractional shares, will qualify as
tax-free under Sections 355 and/or 361 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("the Code") and (ii) certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the
distributions will quality for favorable treatment under the Code. Our receipt of the private letter ruling is critical to the completion of the spin-offs. The private letter ruling will
be based on certain facts, assumptions, representations and covenants provided by us regarding the past and future conduct of our respective businesses and other matters. If any of the facts,
assumptions, representations or covenants provided in connection with the private letter ruling is inaccurate or incomplete or is violated in any respect, then we might not be able to rely on the
ruling. Furthermore, the IRS will not rule on whether the spin-offs satisfy certain requirements necessary for
tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code. Rather, the private letter ruling will be based on representations provided by us that those requirements have been or will be
satisfied, and any inaccuracy in those representations could invalidate the ruling. The 2012 Separation will also be conditioned on our receipt of an opinion of outside counsel, in form and substance
satisfactory to us, that confirms the tax-free status of the distributions. The opinion will rely on, among other things, the continuing validity of the private letter ruling and certain facts,
assumptions, representations and covenants provided by us which, if inaccurate or incomplete in any respect, could jeopardize the conclusions reached by such counsel in its opinion. The opinion will
not be binding on the IRS or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions stated in the opinion or that any such challenge would not prevail. 

        If,
notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling and opinion, the spin-offs are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each U.S. holder of our
common stock who is subject to U.S. federal income tax who receives shares of our North American residential security and flow control businesses would generally be treated as receiving taxable
distributions of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares received. Those distributions would be taxable to each such stockholder as a dividend to the extent of our current
and accumulated earnings and profits. For each such stockholder, any amount that exceeded our earnings and profits would be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent
of such stockholder's tax basis in our shares of common stock with any remaining amount being taxed as a capital gain. In addition, internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the
spin-offs are ultimately determined to be taxable, we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 

        The
tax sharing agreement that we will enter into with the North American residential security and flow control businesses prior to the completion of the spin-offs will
allocate for any taxes that arise if the spin-offs or certain internal transactions are determined to be taxable. 

If the 2012 Separation is determined to be taxable for Swiss withholding tax purposes, we could incur significant Swiss withholding tax liabilities. 

        Generally, Swiss withholding tax of 35% is due on dividends and similar distributions to our shareholders, regardless of the place of
residency of the shareholder. Beginning on January 1, 2011, distributions to shareholders out of contributed surplus accumulated on or after January 1, 1997 are exempt from Swiss
withholding tax. Accordingly, based on the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Act, the Distribution should not be subject to Swiss federal withholding tax. Prior to the completion of the 

15

Table of Contents

proposed
spin-offs, we intend to obtain tax rulings from the Swiss Federal Tax Administration confirming that the distributions will not be subject to Swiss federal withholding tax. These rulings will
rely on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations and undertakings, from Tyco regarding the past conduct of its businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the tax rulings, the
Swiss Federal Tax Administration could determine that the Distribution should be treated as a taxable transaction for withholding tax purposes if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions,
representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated. If the Distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable for withholding tax purposes, we and Tyco could incur material Swiss
withholding tax liabilities that could significantly detract from, or eliminate, the benefits of the spin-off. 

If the 2012 Separation is completed, our operational and financial profile will change and we will be a smaller, less diversified company. 

        If completed, the 2012 Separation will result in Tyco being a smaller, less diversified company focused on our commercial fire and
security businesses, which represents a narrower business focus than we currently have. We will have a more limited business with greater concentration in the commercial market and may be more
vulnerable to changing market conditions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the diversification of revenues, costs,
and cash flows will diminish. As a result, it is possible that our results of operations, cash flows, working capital and financing requirements may be subject to increased volatility and it may be
difficult or more expensive for us to obtain financing. Our operations may also be impacted by a limited ability to attract new employees in a timely manner. 

If the 2012 Separation is completed, there may be substantial changes in our stockholder base, which may cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate following the
proposed spin-offs. 

        Investors holding our common stock may hold our common stock because of a decision to invest in a company that is large and operates in
multiple markets with a diversified product and services portfolio. If the proposed spin-off transactions are completed, shares of our common stock will represent an investment in a
smaller company with its business concentrated in the commercial fire and security industry. These changes may not match some holders' investment strategies or meet minimum criteria for inclusion in
stock market indices or portfolios, which could cause investors to sell their shares of our common stock. Excessive selling pressure could cause the market price of our common stock to decrease
following the completion of the proposed spinoff. 

 Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Matters 

We are subject to a variety of claims and litigation that could cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        We are subject to a significant number of claims and are named as a defendant in numerous lawsuits, including claims for damages
arising out of the use or installation of our products or services, litigation alleging the infringement of intellectual property rights, litigation alleging anti-competitive behavior,
litigation related to environmental matters, product liability litigation (including asbestos-related claims), and litigation related to employee matters and commercial disputes. In certain
circumstances, patent infringement and anti-trust laws permit successful plaintiffs to recover treble damages. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management's attention, and we
may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements, or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, that
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we have may be insufficient or unavailable
to protect us against potential loss exposures. 

16

Table of Contents 

Legislative action by the U.S. Congress could materially adversely affect us. 

        Legislative action could be taken by the U.S. Congress which, if ultimately enacted, could override tax treaties or regulations upon
which we rely, which would adversely affect our effective corporate tax rate. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. However, if proposals were enacted that had the
effect of disregarding our incorporation in Switzerland or limiting our ability as a Swiss company to take advantage of the tax treaties between Switzerland and the United States, we could be
subjected to increased taxation. Also, various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced in recent years that deny, or would deny, government contracts to U.S. companies that
move their locations abroad. We cannot provide assurance that such legislation, if enacted, would not apply to us. 

        In
addition, there continues to be negative publicity regarding, and criticism of, companies that conduct substantial business in the U.S. but are domiciled abroad. We cannot provide
assurance that we will not be subject to such criticism as a result of our domicile in Switzerland. 

Changes in legislation or governmental regulations or policies can have a significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

        We operate in regulated industries. Our U.S. operations are subject to regulation by a number of federal, state and local governmental
agencies with respect to safety of operations and equipment, labor and employment matters and financial responsibility. Intrastate operations in the United States are subject to regulation by state
regulatory authorities, and our international operations are regulated by the countries in which they operate and by extra-territorial laws. We and our employees are subject to various U.S. federal,
state and local laws and regulations, as well as non-U.S. laws and regulations, including many related to consumer protection. Most states in which we operate have licensing laws covering
the monitored security services industry and the construction industry. Our Tyco Security Solutions segment relies heavily upon both wireline and wireless telephone service to communicate signals, and
these technologies are regulated by both the federal and state governments. Changes in laws or regulations could require us to change the way we operate, which could increase costs or otherwise
disrupt operations. In addition, failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating permits and licenses. If laws and
regulations changed or we failed to comply, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws outside the United States. 

        The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Recent years have seen a substantial
increase in anti-bribery law enforcement activity, with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both the Department of Justice ("DOJ") and the SEC,
increased enforcement activity by non-U.S. regulators, and increases in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. Our policies mandate compliance with these
anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental and commercial corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with
anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We cannot assure you that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from reckless or criminal
acts committed by our employees or third party intermediaries. Furthermore, we are subject to investigations by the DOJ and the SEC related to allegations that improper payments have been made by our
subsidiaries and third party intermediaries in recent years in violation of the FCPA. We have continued to report to the DOJ and the SEC the remedial measures that we have taken in response to the
allegations and our own 

17

Table of Contents

internal
investigations, and in February 2010, we initiated discussions with the DOJ and SEC aimed at resolving these matters, which remain ongoing. Although we have recorded our best estimate of
potential loss related to these or other similar matters, it is possible that this estimate may differ from the ultimate loss determined in connection with the resolution of this matter, as we may be
required to pay material fines, consent to injunctions on future conduct, consent to the imposition of a compliance monitor, or suffer other criminal or civil penalties or adverse impacts, including
being subject to lawsuits brought by private litigants, each of which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our failure to satisfy international trade compliance regulations may adversely affect us. 

        Our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders on a regular basis. Certain of
the products we manufacture are "dual use" products, which are products that may have both civil and military applications, or may otherwise be involved in weapons proliferation, and are often subject
to more stringent export controls. From time to time, we obtain or receive information alleging improper activity in connection with imports or exports. Our policy mandates strict compliance with U.S.
and international trade laws. When we receive information alleging improper activity, our policy is to investigate that information and respond appropriately, including, if warranted, reporting our
findings to relevant governmental authorities. Nonetheless, we cannot provide assurance that our policies and procedures will always protect us from actions that would violate U.S. and/or foreign
laws. Such improper actions could subject the Company to civil or criminal penalties, including material monetary fines, or other adverse actions including denial of import or export privileges, and
could damage our reputation and our business prospects. 

We continue to be responsible for a portion of our contingent and other corporate liabilities following the 2007 Separation of our electronics and healthcare
businesses, primarily those relating to pre-separation income tax liabilities. 

        Under agreements entered in connection with the 2007 Separation of our electronics ("TE Connectivity") and healthcare
("Covidien") businesses, we, Covidien and TE Connectivity have agreed to assume and be responsible for 27%, 42% and 31%, respectively, of certain of our contingent and other corporate liabilities,
subject to certain exceptions. All costs and expenses associated with the management of these contingent and other corporate liabilities are generally shared equally among the parties. These
contingent and other corporate liabilities primarily relate to pre-2007 Separation income tax liabilities. Liabilities that are specifically related to one of the three separated
companies are not allocated. 

        If
any party responsible for such liabilities were to default in its payment, when due, of any of these assumed obligations, each non-defaulting party would be required to
pay equally with any other non-defaulting party the amounts in default. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our
agreed-upon share
of the assumed obligations related to such contingent and other corporate liabilities including associated costs and expenses. 

We are subject to product liability claims relating to products we manufacture or install. These claims could result in significant costs and liabilities and reduce our
profitability. 

        We face exposure to product liability claims in the event that any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. In
addition, if any of our products prove to be defective, we may be required to recall or redesign such products, which could result in significant unexpected costs. Any insurance we maintain may not be
available on terms acceptable to us or such coverage may not be adequate for liabilities actually incurred. Any claim or product recall could result in adverse publicity against us, which could
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

18

Table of Contents

        In
addition, we could face liability for failure to respond adequately to alarm activations or failure of our fire protection systems to operate as expected. The nature of the services
we provide exposes us to the risks that we may be held liable for employee acts or omissions or system failures. In an attempt to reduce this risk, our alarm monitoring agreements and other contracts
contain provisions limiting our liability in such circumstances. We cannot provide assurance, however, that these limitations will be enforced. Losses from such litigation could be material to our
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

We are party to asbestos-related product litigation that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

        We, along with numerous other companies, are named as defendants in a substantial number of lawsuits based on alleged exposure to
asbestos-containing materials. These cases typically involve product liability claims based primarily on allegations of manufacture, sale or distribution of industrial products that either contained
asbestos or were attached to or used with asbestos-containing components manufactured by third parties. Each case typically names between dozens to hundreds of corporate defendants. We have observed
an increase in the number of these lawsuits over the past several years, including lawsuits by plaintiffs with mesothelioma-related claims. Our strategy has been, and continues to be, to mount a
vigorous defense aimed at having unsubstantiated suits dismissed, and, where appropriate, settling suits before trial. We cannot predict the extent to which we will be successful in litigating or
otherwise resolving lawsuits in the future and
we continue to evaluate different strategies related to asbestos claims filed against the Company. Unfavorable rulings, judgments or settlement terms could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

        We
record an estimated liability related to pending claims and claims estimated to be received over the next seven years, including related defense costs, based on a number of key
assumptions and estimation methodologies. These assumptions are derived from claims experience over the past five years and reflect our expectations about future claim activities over the next seven
years. These assumptions about the future may or may not prove accurate, and accordingly, we may incur additional liabilities in the future. A change in one or more of the inputs used to estimate the
asbestos liability could materially change the estimated liability and associated cash flows for pending and future claims. Although it is possible that the Company will incur additional costs for
asbestos claims filed beyond the next seven years, we do not believe there is a reasonable basis for estimating those costs at this time. We also record an asset that represents our best estimate of
probable recoveries from insurers or other responsible parties for the estimated asbestos liabilities. There are significant assumptions made in developing estimates of asbestos-related recoveries,
such as policy triggers, policy or contract interpretation, success in litigation in certain cases, the methodology for allocating claims to policies, and the continued solvency of the insurers or
other responsible parties. The assumptions underlying the recorded asset may not prove accurate, and as a result, actual performance by our insurers and other responsible parties could result in lower
receivables or cash flows expected to reduce our asbestos costs. Due to these uncertainties, as well as our inability to reasonably estimate any additional asbestos liability for claims that may be
filed beyond the next seven years, it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of the cost, nor potential recoveries, of resolving the pending and all unasserted asbestos claims. Additionally,
we believe it is possible that the cost of asbestos claims filed beyond the next seven years, net of expected recoveries, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. 

19

Table of Contents

Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, litigation and violations. 

        We are subject to numerous foreign, federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws governing, among other
things: 

•

the generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials; 

•

emissions or discharges of substances into the environment; and 

•

the health and safety of our employees. 

We
cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise
sanctioned by regulators. 

        Certain
environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at their properties
or at properties at which they have disposed of hazardous substances. In addition to cleanup actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims
due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. 

        We
have received notification from the United States Environmental Protection Agency and from state environmental agencies, that conditions at a number of sites where we and others
disposed of hazardous substances require cleanup and other possible remedial action and may require that we reimburse the government or otherwise pay for the cost of cleanup of those sites and/or for
natural resource damages. We have projects underway at a number of current and former manufacturing facilities to investigate and remediate environmental contamination resulting from past operations.
These projects relate to a variety of activities, including: 

•

solvent, oil, metal and other hazardous substance contamination cleanup; and 

•

structure decontamination and demolition, including asbestos abatement. 

        These
projects involve both remediation expenses and capital improvements. In addition, we remain responsible for certain environmental issues at manufacturing locations previously sold
by us. 

        The
ultimate cost of cleanup at disposal sites and manufacturing facilities is difficult to predict given uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the interpretation
of applicable laws and regulations and alternative cleanup methods. Based upon our experience, current information regarding known contingencies and applicable laws, we concluded that it is probable
that we would incur remedial costs in the range of approximately $38 million to $86 million as of September 30, 2011. As of September 30, 2011, we concluded that the best
estimate within this range is approximately $60 million, of which $18 million is included in accrued and other current liabilities and $42 million is included in other liabilities
in the Consolidated Balance. Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. While we have budgeted for future capital and operating expenditures
to maintain compliance with such laws, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws, or our liabilities arising
from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We may
also be subject to material liabilities for additional environmental claims for personal injury or cleanup in the future based on our past, present or future business activities or for existing
environmental conditions of which we are not presently aware. 

20

Table of Contents

 Risks Related to Our Liquidity 

Disruptions in the financial markets could have adverse effects on us, our customers and our suppliers, as access to liquidity may be negatively impacted by disruptions in
the credit markets, leading to increased funding costs or unavailability of credit. 

        In the normal course of our business, we may access credit markets for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of
indebtedness, acquisitions, additions to working capital, repurchase of common shares, capital expenditures and investments in the Company's subsidiaries. Although we believe we have sufficient
liquidity to meet our foreseeable needs, our access to and the cost of capital could be negatively impacted by disruptions in the credit markets. In 2009 and 2010, credit markets experienced
significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions, and similar disruptions in the credit markets could make financing terms for borrowers unattractive or unavailable. These factors may make it more
difficult or expensive for us to access credit markets if the need arises. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for our suppliers to meet demand for their products or for prospective
customers to commence new projects, as customers and suppliers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. Disruptions in the financial markets have
had adverse effects on other areas of the economy and have led to a slowdown in general economic activity that may continue to adversely affect our businesses. These disruptions may have other unknown
adverse affects. Based on these conditions, our profitability and our ability to execute our business strategy may be adversely affected. 

Covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect us. 

        Our bank credit agreements contain financial covenants, including a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation, and amortization and limits on incurrence of liens and subsidiary debt. Our indentures contain customary covenants including limits on negative pledges, subsidiary debt and
sale/leaseback transactions. 

        Although
we believe none of these covenants are restrictive to our operations, our ability to meet the financial covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot
provide assurance that we will meet those tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreements or indentures. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
under any of our credit facilities or indentures, the lenders or trustees could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to
extend further credit. If the lenders or trustees accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot provide assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our credit facilities and our other
indebtedness. Furthermore, acceleration of any obligation under any of our material debt instruments will permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate their obligations, which could
have a material adverse affect on our financial condition. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our
outstanding indebtedness. 

        We estimate that our available cash, our cash flow from operations and amounts available to us under our credit facilities will be
adequate to fund our operations and service our debt for the foreseeable future. However, material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements arising from litigation and similar
contingencies could require additional funding. If such developments require us to obtain additional funding, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain the additional funding that we
need on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

21

Table of Contents

        Such
an outcome could have important consequences to you. For example, it could: 

•

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby
reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other corporate purposes, including dividend payments; 

•

increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate; 

•

restrict our ability to introduce new technologies or exploit business opportunities; 

•

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our payment obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness; and 

•

increase the difficulty and/or cost to us of refinancing our indebtedness. 

 Risks Relating to Tax Matters 

We share responsibility for certain of our, Covidien's and TE Connectivity's income tax liabilities for tax periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. 

        Under the Tax Sharing Agreement entered in connections with the 2007 Separation, we share responsibility for certain of our,
Covidien's and TE Connectivity's income tax liabilities that result in cash payments, based on a sharing formula for periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. More specifically, we,
Covidien and TE Connectivity share 27%, 42% and 31%, respectively, of income tax liabilities that arise from adjustments made by tax authorities to our, Covidien's and TE Connectivity's U.S. and
certain non-U.S. income tax returns, certain income tax liabilities arising from adjustments made by tax authorities to intercompany transactions or similar adjustments, and certain taxes
attributable to internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the 2007 Separation. Costs and expenses associated with the management of these shared tax liabilities will generally be
shared equally among the parties. We are responsible for all of our own taxes that are not shared pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement's sharing formula. In addition, Covidien and TE Connectivity are
responsible for their tax liabilities that are not subject to the Tax Sharing Agreement's sharing formula. In connection with the execution of the Tax Sharing Agreement, we established receivables
from Covidien and TE Connectivity representing the amount we expected to receive for pre-Separation uncertain tax positions. We also established liabilities representing the fair market
value of our share of their estimated obligations under the Tax Sharing Agreement. As of September 30, 2011, we had recorded $73 million in other assets and $16 million in prepaid
expenses and other current assets representing the receivables from Covidien and TE Connectivity. We had also recorded $387 million in other liabilities and $49 million in accrued and
other current liabilities representing our estimated obligations to Covidien and TE Connectivity under the Tax Sharing Agreement. 

        If
any party to the Tax Sharing Agreement were to default in its obligation to another party to pay its share of the distribution taxes that arise as a result of no party's fault, each
non-defaulting party would be required to pay, equally with any other non-defaulting party, the amounts in default. In addition, if another party to the Tax Sharing Agreement
that is responsible for all or a portion of an income tax liability were to default in its payment of such liability to a taxing authority, we could be legally liable under applicable tax law for such
liabilities and required to make additional tax payments. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our agreed-upon share of our, Covidien's
and TE Connectivity's tax liabilities. 

22

Table of Contents

Examinations and audits by tax authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service, could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. 

        The Company and its subsidiaries' income tax returns periodically are examined by various tax authorities. In connection with these
examinations, tax authorities, including the IRS, have raised issues and proposed tax adjustments, in particular, with respect to tax years preceding the 2007 Separation. We are reviewing and
contesting certain of the proposed tax adjustments. Although we expect to resolve a substantial number of the proposed tax adjustments with the IRS, a few significant items are expected to remain open
with respect to the audit of the 1997 through 2004 years. As of the date hereof, it is unlikely that we will be able to resolve these open items, which primarily involve the treatment of
certain intercompany transactions during the period related to the audits, through the IRS appeals process. As a result, we may be required to litigate these matters. The calculation of our tax
liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. We recognize potential liabilities and
record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional income taxes will be due.
These tax liabilities are reflected net of related tax loss carryforwards. We adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances. We have assessed our obligations under the Tax
Sharing Agreement and determined that the recorded liability is sufficient to cover the indemnifications made by us under such agreement. However, such amount could differ materially from amounts that
are actually determined to be due, and any such difference could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

If the distribution of Covidien and TE Connectivity common shares to our shareholders or certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the
2007 Separation are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 

        We have received private letter rulings from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution of Covidien
and TE Connectivity common shares to our shareholders substantially to the effect that the distribution of such shares, except for cash received in lieu of fractional shares, will qualify as
tax-free under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. The private letter rulings also provided that certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the
2007 Separation would qualify for favorable treatment under the Code. The private letter rulings relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations and undertakings, from
Tyco, Covidien and TE Connectivity regarding the past and future conduct of our respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the private letter rulings and the opinions, the IRS could
determine on audit that the distribution or the internal transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings
are not correct or have been violated, or that the distributions should be taxable for other reasons, including as a result of significant changes in stock or asset ownership after the distribution.
If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, we would recognize a gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the Covidien and TE Connectivity common shares
distributed to our shareholders on June 29, 2007 over our tax basis in such common shares, but such gain, if recognized, generally would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. However, we
would incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities if it ultimately is determined that certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the 2007 Separation should be treated
as taxable transactions. 

23

Table of Contents

 Risks Relating to Our Jurisdiction of Incorporation in Switzerland 

Swiss laws differ from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to holders of Tyco's securities. 

        Because of differences between Swiss law and U.S. state and federal laws and differences between the governing documents of Swiss
companies and those incorporated in the U.S., it may not be possible to enforce in Switzerland, court judgments obtained in the United States against Tyco based on the civil liability provisions of
the federal or state securities laws of the United
States. As a result, in a lawsuit based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws, U.S. investors may find it difficult to: 

•

effect service within the United States upon Tyco or its directors and officers located outside the United States; 

•

enforce judgments obtained against those persons in U.S. courts or in courts in jurisdictions outside the United States;
and 

•

enforce against those persons in Switzerland, whether in original actions or in actions for the enforcement of judgments
of U.S. courts, civil liabilities based solely upon the U.S. federal or state securities laws. 

        Switzerland
and the United States do not have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition of and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. The recognition and
enforcement of a judgment of the courts of the United States in Switzerland is governed by the principles set forth in the Swiss Federal Act on Private International Law. This statute provides in
principle that a judgment rendered by a non-Swiss court may be enforced in Switzerland only if: 

•

the foreign court had jurisdiction pursuant to the Swiss Federal Act on Private International Law; 

•

the judgment of such foreign court has become final and non-appealable; 

•

the judgment does not contravene Swiss public policy; 

•

the court procedures and the service of documents leading to the judgment were in accordance with the due process of law;
and 

•

no proceeding involving the same position and the same subject matter was first brought in Switzerland, or adjudicated in
Switzerland, or that it was earlier adjudicated in a third state and this decision is recognizable in Switzerland. 

As a result of our change of domicile from Bermuda to Switzerland and the increase in the par value of our shares, we may have less flexibility with respect to certain
aspects of capital management. 

        In connection with our change of domicile from Bermuda to Switzerland, we significantly increased the par value of our shares.
Currently the par value of our shares is CHF 6.70 (or approximately $7.44 based on the exchange rate in effect on November 7, 2011). Under Swiss law, we generally may not issue
registered shares for an amount below par value. As of November 7, 2011 the closing price of our ordinary shares on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") was $46.47. In the event there is a need
to raise common equity capital at a time when the trading price of our registered shares is below our par value, we would need to obtain approval of our shareholders to decrease the par value of our
registered shares. We cannot provide assurance that we would be able to obtain such shareholder approval in a timely manner. Obtaining shareholder approval would require filing a preliminary proxy
statement with the SEC and convening a meeting of shareholders which would delay any capital raising plans. If we were to receive shareholder approval to reduce the par value of our registered shares,
the 

24

Table of Contents

reduction
would decrease our ability to pay dividends as a repayment of share capital, which may subject shareholders to Swiss withholding tax.