. 

The
following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business,
operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our Company’s growth and profitability depend on the level of consumer confidence and spending. 

Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in overall economic and political conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Many economic factors outside of our
control, including the housing market, interest rates, recession, inflation and deflation, energy costs and availability, consumer credit availability and terms, consumer debt levels, tax rates and policy, and unemployment trends influence consumer
confidence and spending. The domestic and international political situation and actions also affect consumer confidence and spending. Additional events that could impact our performance include pandemics, terrorist threats and activities, worldwide
military and domestic disturbances and conflicts, political instability and civil unrest. Declines in the level of consumer spending could adversely affect our growth and profitability. 

The retail industry is highly competitive, which could adversely impact our sales and profitability. 

The retail industry is highly competitive, with few barriers to entry. We compete with many other local, regional and national retailers for customers, associates, locations, merchandise, services and
other important aspects of our business. Those competitors include other department stores, discounters, home furnishing stores, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs, direct-to-consumer businesses, including the Internet, and other forms of retail
commerce. Some competitors are larger 

5 

Table of Contents

than jcpenney, have greater financial resources available to them, and, as a result, may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting and selling their products. Competition is
characterized by many factors, including merchandise assortment, advertising, price, quality, service, location, reputation and credit availability. The performance of competitors as well as changes in their pricing and promotional policies,
marketing activities, new store openings, launches of Internet websites, brand launches and other merchandise and operational strategies could cause us to have lower sales, lower gross margin and/or higher operating expenses such as marketing costs
and other selling, general and administrative expenses, which in turn could have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

Our sales and
operating results depend on customer preferences and fashion trends. 

Our sales and operating results depend in part on our ability to
predict and respond to changes in fashion trends and customer preferences in a timely manner by consistently offering stylish quality merchandise assortments at competitive prices. We continuously assess emerging styles and trends and focus on
developing a merchandise assortment to meet customer preferences. Even with these efforts, we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully meet constantly changing customer demands. To the extent our predictions differ from our
customers’ preferences, we may be faced with excess inventories for some products and/or missed opportunities for others. Excess inventories can result in lower gross margins due to greater than anticipated discounts and markdowns that might be
necessary to reduce inventory levels. Low inventory levels can adversely affect the fulfillment of customer demand and diminish sales and brand loyalty. Consequently, any sustained failure to identify and respond to emerging trends in lifestyle and
customer preferences and buying trends could have an adverse impact on our business and any significant misjudgments regarding inventory levels could adversely impact our results of operations. 

We face uncertainties in connection with the implementation of our strategies to transform our business.

In 2011, we recruited a new executive team and announced plans to transform our business, including changes in our pricing strategy, marketing cadence,
store layout and merchandise assortments. The success of our transformation is subject to both the risks affecting our business generally and the inherent difficulties associated with implementing our new strategies and is largely dependent on the
skills, experience, and efforts of our management and other associates. The loss of the services of one or more key operations executives or of numerous associates with essential skills could have an adverse impact on our business. Our
transformational plan involves the re-imagining of some of our business practices and may result in a restructuring of our traditional vendor arrangements, including the sharing of certain costs and expenses. There is no assurance that we will
be able to successfully implement these strategic initiatives, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and financial results. In addition, the changes to our pricing strategies announced in January 2012 could result in a prolonged
decline in sales. There can be no assurance that our new pricing, marketing and merchandising strategies, or any future modifications of our strategies, will be successful or result in improved operating results or productivity.

Our profitability depends on our ability to source merchandise and deliver it to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner.

Our merchandise is sourced from a wide variety of suppliers, and our business depends on being able to find qualified suppliers and
access products in a timely and efficient manner. A substantial portion 

6 

Table of Contents

of our merchandise is sourced outside of the United States. All of our suppliers must comply with our supplier legal compliance program and applicable laws, including consumer and product safety
laws. Although we diversify our sourcing and production by country, the failure of a supplier to produce and deliver our goods on time, to meet our quality standards and adhere to our product safety requirements or to meet the requirements of our
supplier compliance program or applicable laws, or our inability to flow merchandise to our stores or through the Internet channel in the right quantities at the right time could adversely affect our profitability and could result in damage to our
reputation. Inflationary pressures on commodity prices and other input costs could increase our cost of goods, and an inability to pass such cost increases on to our customers or a change in our merchandise mix as a result of such cost increases
could have an adverse impact on our profitability. Additionally, the impact of current and future economic conditions on our suppliers cannot be predicted and may cause our suppliers to be unable to access financing or become insolvent and thus
become unable to supply us with products. Similarly, political or financial instability, changes in U.S. and foreign laws and regulations affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the
enforcement of those laws and regulations, as well as currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade and the inability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms could adversely impact our
results of operations. 

Our business is seasonal, which impacts our results of operations. 

Our annual earnings and cash flows depend to a great extent on the results of operations for the last quarter of our fiscal year, which includes the
holiday season. Our fiscal fourth-quarter results may fluctuate significantly, based on many factors, including holiday spending patterns and weather conditions. This seasonality causes our operating results to vary considerably from quarter to
quarter. 

Our profitability may be impacted by weather conditions. 

Our merchandise assortments reflect assumptions regarding expected weather patterns and our profitability depends on our ability to timely deliver seasonally appropriate inventory. Unseasonable or
unexpected weather conditions such as warm temperatures during the winter season or prolonged or extreme periods of warm or cold temperatures could render a portion of our inventory incompatible with consumer needs. Extreme weather or natural
disasters could also severely hinder our ability to timely deliver seasonally appropriate merchandise. A reduction in the demand for or supply of our seasonal merchandise could have an adverse effect on our inventory levels, gross margins and
results of operations. 

The moderation of our new store growth strategy as a result of current economic conditions could adversely
impact our future growth and profitability. 

Our future growth and profitability depend in part on our ability to add new stores.
Current and projected future economic conditions have caused us to moderate the number of new stores that we plan to open in the near term and have made it difficult for third-party developers to obtain financing for new sites. These factors could
negatively impact our future anticipated store openings. Furthermore, although we have conducted strategic market research, including reviewing demographic and regional economic trends, prior to making a decision to enter into a particular market,
we cannot be certain that our entry into a particular market will prove successful. The failure to expand by successfully opening new stores, or the failure of a significant number of these stores to perform as planned, could have an adverse impact
on our future growth, profitability and cash flows. 

7 

Table of Contents

The failure to retain, attract and motivate our associates, including associates in key positions,
could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Our results depend on the contributions of our associates, including our
senior management team and other key associates. Our performance depends to a great extent on our ability to retain, attract and motivate talented associates throughout the organization, many of whom, particularly in the department stores, are in
entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates and minimum wage
legislation. If we are unable to retain, attract and motivate talented associates at all levels, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Changes in federal, state or local laws and regulations could increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. While our management believes that our associate relations are good, significant legislative changes that impact our relationship with our
associates could increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. Examples of possible legislative changes impacting our relationship with our associates include changes to an employer’s obligation to recognize collective
bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or imposed, minimum wage requirements, and health care mandates. In addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations we could be subject to
legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation that could increase our cost of doing business. Changes in the regulatory environment regarding other topics such as privacy and information security, product
safety or environmental protection, including regulations in response to concerns regarding climate change, among others, could also cause our expenses to increase and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our operations are dependent on information technology systems; disruptions in those systems could have an adverse impact on our
results of operations. 

Our operations are dependent upon the integrity, security and consistent operation of various systems and data
centers, including the point-of-sale systems in the stores, our Internet website, data centers that process transactions, communication systems and various software applications used throughout our Company to track inventory flow, process
transactions and generate performance and financial reports. We could encounter difficulties in developing new systems or maintaining and upgrading existing systems. Such difficulties could lead to significant expenses or to losses due to disruption
in business operations. We are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information technology systems and the risk of system disruption is increased in periods where such complex and significant systems changes are undertaken. There can
be no assurances that we will successfully launch these systems as planned or that they will occur without disruptions to our operations. In addition, despite our considerable efforts and technology to secure our computer network, security could be
compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. This could lead to loss of sales or profits, cause our customers to lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information which
could lead to lost future sales or cause us to incur significant costs to reimburse third parties for damages, any of which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, the continued realization of the benefits of our
centralized buying and allocation processes and systems and our Internet platform are key elements of our ability to meet our long-term customer and financial goals. The effectiveness of these technology systems is an important component of our
ability to have the right inventory at the right place, time and price. 

8 

Table of Contents

Legal and regulatory proceedings could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

Our Company is subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings relating to our business, certain of which may involve
jurisdictions with reputations for aggressive application of laws and procedures against corporate defendants. We are impacted by trends in litigation, including class action litigation brought under various consumer protection, employment, and
privacy and information security laws. In addition, litigation risks related to claims that technologies we use infringe intellectual property rights of third parties have been amplified by the increase in third parties whose primary business is to
assert such claims. Reserves are established based on our best estimates of our potential liability. However, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation. Regardless of
the outcome or whether the claims are meritorious, legal and regulatory proceedings may require that we devote substantial time and expense to defend our Company. Unfavorable rulings could result in a material adverse impact on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

Significant changes in discount rates, actual investment return on pension assets, and
other factors could affect our earnings, equity, and pension contributions in future periods. 

Our earnings may be positively or
negatively impacted by the amount of income or expense recorded for our qualified pension plan. Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP) require that income or expense for the plan be calculated at the annual
measurement date using actuarial assumptions and calculations. The most significant assumptions relate to the capital markets, interest rates and other economic conditions. Changes in key economic indicators can change the assumptions. Two critical
assumptions used to estimate pension income or expense for the year are the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate. In addition, at the measurement date, we must also reflect the funded status of the plan (assets and
liabilities) on the balance sheet, which may result in a significant change to equity through a reduction or increase to other comprehensive income. Although GAAP expense and pension contributions are not directly related, the key economic factors
that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we could be required to contribute to the pension plan. Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to
improve a plan’s funded status. 

As a result of their ownership stakes in the Company, our largest stockholders have the ability to
materially influence actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders. These stockholders are represented on our Board of Directors and, therefore, also have the ability to materially influence actions to be taken or approved by our Board.

As of March 1, 2012, Pershing Square Capital Management L.P., PS Management GP, LLC and Pershing Square GP, LLC (together
“Pershing Square”) beneficially owned approximately 18.0% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Pershing Square has additional economic exposure to approximately 7.6% of the outstanding shares of our common stock under
cash-settled total return swaps, bringing their total aggregate economic exposure to approximately 25.6% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. William A. Ackman, Chief Executive Officer of Pershing Square Capital Management, is one of our
directors. 

9 

Table of Contents

As of March 1, 2012, Vornado Realty Trust, Vornado Realty L.P., VNO Fashion LLC and VSPS I L.L.C.
(together “Vornado”) beneficially owned approximately 10.8% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Steven Roth, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Vornado Realty Trust, is one of our directors. 

Together, Pershing Square and Vornado owned approximately 28.8% of our outstanding shares as of March 1, 2012 and had aggregate economic exposure to
approximately 36.4% of our outstanding shares. Pershing Square and Vornado have each stated that they intend to consult with each other in connection with their respective investments in our common stock. Pershing Square and Vornado have the ability
to materially influence actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders, including the election of directors and any transactions involving a change of control. Pershing Square and Vornado also have the ability to materially influence actions to
be taken or approved by our Board. 

On August 19, 2011, we entered into a stockholder agreement with Pershing Square that, among other
things, prohibits Pershing Square from purchasing shares of our common stock and derivative securities whose value is derived from the value of our common stock in excess of 26.1% of the shares of our common stock outstanding and permits Pershing
Square to designate one member of our Board of Directors. Pursuant to the August stockholder agreement, Pershing Square is able to direct the vote of 15% of the shares of our common stock outstanding and is required to vote the number of any excess
shares of our common stock that they beneficially own to be present and voted at stockholder meetings either as recommended by our Board of Directors or in direct proportion to how all other stockholders vote. 

On September 16, 2011, we entered into a stockholder agreement with Vornado that, among other things, prohibits Vornado from purchasing shares of
our common stock and derivative securities whose value is derived from the value of our common stock in excess of 15.4% of the shares of our common stock outstanding and permits Vornado to designate one member of our Board of Directors. Pursuant to
the September stockholder agreement, Vornado is able to direct the vote of 9.9% of the shares of our common stock outstanding and is required to vote the number of any excess shares of our common stock that they beneficially own to be present and
voted at stockholder meetings either as recommended by our Board of Directors or in direct proportion to how all other stockholders vote.