. 

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection
with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome
of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Current and future economic conditions may cause a
continued deterioration in the level of consumer confidence and spending, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability. 

Our results
of operations are sensitive to changes in overall economic and political conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Many economic factors outside of our control, including the housing market, interest rates,
recession, inflation and deflation, energy costs and availability, consumer credit availability and terms, consumer debt levels, tax rates and policy, and unemployment trends influence consumer confidence and spending. Many of the effects and
consequences of the global financial crisis are currently unknown; accordingly, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions. Worldwide economic conditions and consumer spending have
deteriorated significantly over the past year. The continued decline in consumer spending resulting from the global recession and the deterioration of global credit markets has caused our comparable store sales to decline from prior periods and has
led to a continued decline in store traffic. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn could cause some of our competitors to go out of business which could also have an adverse effect on store traffic. The domestic and international political
situation also affects consumer confidence and spending. Additional events that could impact our performance include pandemics, terrorist threats and activities, worldwide military and domestic disturbances and conflicts, and political instability.
Continued deterioration in the level of consumer spending could adversely affect our growth and profitability. 

The retail industry is highly
competitive, which could adversely impact our sales and profitability. 

The retail industry is highly competitive, with few barriers to entry. We
compete with many other local, regional and national retailers for customers, associates, locations, merchandise, services and other important aspects of our business. Those competitors include other department stores, 

-4- 

Table of Contents

discounters, home furnishing stores, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs, direct-to-consumer businesses and other forms of retail commerce. Some competitors
are larger than JCPenney, have greater financial resources available to them, and, as a result, may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting and selling their products. Competition is characterized by many factors, including
merchandise assortment, advertising, price, quality, service, location, reputation and credit availability. The performance of competitors as well as changes in their pricing and promotional policies, marketing activities, new store openings,
launches of Internet Web sites, brand launches and other merchandise and operational strategies could cause us to have lower sales, lower gross margin and/or higher operating expenses such as marketing costs and other selling, general and
administrative expenses, which in turn could have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

Our sales and operating results depend on customer
preferences and fashion trends. 

Our sales and operating results depend in part on our ability to predict and respond to changes in fashion trends
and customer preferences in a timely manner by consistently offering stylish quality merchandise assortments at competitive prices. We continuously assess emerging styles and trends and focus on developing a merchandise assortment to meet customer
preferences. Even with these efforts, we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully meet constantly changing customer demands. To the extent our predictions differ from our customers’ preferences, we may be faced with excess
inventories for some products and/or missed opportunities for others. Excess inventories can result in lower gross margins due to greater than anticipated discounts and markdowns that might be necessary to reduce inventory levels. Low inventory
levels can adversely affect the fulfillment of customer demand and diminish sales and brand loyalty. Consequently, any sustained failure to identify and respond to emerging trends in lifestyle and customer preferences and buying trends could have an
adverse impact on our business and any significant misjudgments regarding inventory levels could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our
profitability depends on our ability to source merchandise and deliver it to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

Our merchandise
is sourced from a wide variety of suppliers, and our business depends on being able to find qualified suppliers and access products in a timely and efficient manner. A substantial portion of our merchandise is sourced outside of the United States.
All of our suppliers must comply with our supplier legal compliance program and applicable laws, including consumer and product safety laws. Although we diversify our sourcing and production by country, the failure of a supplier to produce and
deliver our goods on time, to meet our quality standards and adhere to our product safety requirements or to meet the requirements of our supplier compliance program or applicable laws, or our inability to flow merchandise to our stores or through
Direct in the right quantities at the right time could adversely affect our profitability and could result in damage to our reputation. Additionally, the impact of current and future economic conditions on our suppliers cannot be predicted and may
cause our suppliers to be unable to access financing or become insolvent and thus become unable to supply us with products. Similarly, political or financial instability, changes in U.S. and foreign laws and regulations affecting the importation and
taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws and regulations, as well as currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade and the inability to
access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms could adversely impact our results of operations. 

-5- 

Table of Contents

Our business is seasonal. 

Our annual earnings and cash flows depend to a great extent on the results of operations for the last quarter of our fiscal year, which includes the holiday season. Our fiscal fourth-quarter results may fluctuate
significantly, based on many factors, including holiday spending patterns and weather conditions. This seasonality causes our operating results to vary considerably from quarter to quarter. 

The moderation of our new store growth strategy as a result of current economic conditions could adversely impact our future growth and profitability. 

Our future growth and profitability depend in part on our ability to add new stores, primarily in the off-mall format. Current and projected future
economic conditions have caused us to moderate the number of new stores that we plan to open in the near term and have made it difficult for third-party developers to obtain financing for new sites. These factors could negatively impact our future
anticipated store openings. Furthermore, although we have conducted strategic market research, including reviewing demographic and regional economic trends, prior to making a decision to enter into a particular market, we cannot be certain that our
entry into a particular market will prove successful. The failure to expand by successfully opening new stores as planned, or the failure of a significant number of these stores to perform as planned, could have an adverse impact on our future
growth, profitability and cash flows. 

The failure to retain, attract and motivate our associates, including associates in key positions, could have
an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Our results depend on the contributions of our associates, including our senior management team
and other key associates. Since 2000, we have hired seasoned individuals, including executive level associates and others with a breadth of experience in merchandising, marketing, and buying and allocation under a centralized model. Our performance
depends to a great extent on our ability to retain, attract and motivate talented associates throughout the organization, many of whom, particularly in the department stores, are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of
turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. If we are unable to retain, attract and
motivate talented associates at all levels, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Changes in federal, state or local laws and
regulations could expose us to legal risks and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and
regulations. While our management believes that our associate relations are good, significant legislative changes that impact our relationship with our associates could increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. Examples
of possible legislative changes impacting our relationship with our associates include changes to an employer’s obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or
imposed, minimum wage requirements, and health care mandates. In addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations we could be subject to legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation.
Changes in the regulatory environment regarding other topics such as privacy and information security, product safety or environmental protection, among others, could also cause our expenses to increase and adversely affect our results of
operations. 

-6- 

Table of Contents

Our operations are dependent on information technology systems; disruptions in those systems could have an adverse
impact on our results of operations. 

Our operations are dependent upon the integrity, security and consistent operation of various systems and
data centers, including the point-of-sale systems in the stores, data centers that process transactions, communication systems and various software applications used throughout our Company to track inventory flow, process transactions and generate
performance and financial reports. We could encounter difficulties in developing new systems or maintaining and upgrading existing systems. Such difficulties could lead to significant expenses or to losses due to disruption in business operations.
In addition, despite our considerable efforts and technology to secure our computer network, security could be compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. This could lead to loss of sales or
profits, cause our customers to lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information which could lead to lost future sales or cause us to incur significant costs to reimburse third parties for damages, any of which could have an
adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, the continued realization of the benefits of our centralized buying and allocation processes and systems is a key element of our ability to meet our long-term customer and financial goals.
The effectiveness of these processes and systems is an important component of our ability to have the right inventory at the right place, time and price. 

Significant changes in discount rates, actual investment return on pension assets, and other factors could affect our earnings, equity, and pension contributions in future periods. 

Our earnings may be positively or negatively impacted by the amount of income or expense recorded for our qualified pension plan. Generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America (GAAP) require that income or expense for the plan be calculated at the annual measurement date using actuarial assumptions and calculations. The most significant assumptions relate to the capital markets,
interest rates and other economic conditions. Changes in key economic indicators can change the assumptions. Two critical assumptions used to estimate pension income or expense for the year are the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
and the interest rate. In addition, at the measurement date, we must also reflect the funded status of the plan (assets and liabilities) on the balance sheet, which may result in a significant change to equity through a reduction or increase to
other comprehensive income. Although GAAP expense and pension contributions are not directly related, the key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we could be required to contribute to the pension
plan. Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to improve a plan’s funded status.