. 

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating the
Company’s business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks, as well as those discussed under Risk Management beginning on page 36, could materially adversely affect the
Company’s business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While the Company believes it has identified and discussed below
the key risk factors affecting its business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect the Company’s business, performance or
financial condition in the future. 

The retail industry is highly competitive, which could adversely impact the Company’s sales and
profitability. 

The retail industry is highly competitive, with few barriers to entry. The Company competes with many other local, regional and
national retailers for customers, associates, locations, merchandise, services and other important aspects of its business. Those competitors include other department stores, discounters, home furnishing stores, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs,
direct-to-consumer businesses and other forms of retail commerce. Some competitors are larger than the Company, have greater financial resources available to them, and, as a result, may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting and
selling their products. Competition is characterized by many factors, including merchandise assortment, advertising, price, quality, service, location, reputation and credit availability. The performance of competitors as well as changes in their
pricing and promotional 

-4- 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

policies, marketing activities, new store openings, brand launches and other merchandise and operational strategies may have an adverse impact on the
Company’s profitability as the result of lower sales, lower gross margin and/or higher operating expenses such as marketing costs and other selling, general and administrative expenses. 

The Company’s sales and operating results depend on consumer preferences and fashion trends. 

The Company’s sales and operating results depend in part on its ability to predict or respond to changes in fashion trends and consumer preferences in a timely
manner by consistently offering stylish quality merchandise assortments at competitive prices. To the extent the Company’s predictions differ from its customers’ preferences, the Company may be faced with excess inventories for some
products and/or missed opportunities for others. Excess inventories can result in lower gross margins due to greater than anticipated discounts and markdowns that might be necessary to reduce inventory levels. Inventory shortages can adversely
affect the timing of shipments to customers and diminish sales and brand loyalty. Consequently, any sustained failure to identify and respond to emerging trends in lifestyle and consumer preferences and buying trends could have an adverse impact on
the Company’s business, and any significant misjudgments regarding inventory levels could adversely impact the Company’s results of operations. 

The Company’s growth and profitability depend on the level of consumer confidence and spending. 

The Company’s results of
operations are sensitive to changes in overall economic and political conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Many economic factors outside of the Company’s control, including interest rates; recession,
inflation and deflation; energy costs and availability; consumer credit availability and terms; consumer debt levels; tax rates and policy and unemployment trends influence consumer confidence and spending. The domestic and international political
situation also affects consumer confidence and spending. Political conditions that could impact the Company’s performance include terrorist threats and activities; worldwide military and domestic disturbances and conflicts; and political
instability. A general reduction in the level of consumer spending could adversely affect the Company’s growth and profitability. 

The
Company’s business depends on the ability to source merchandise in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

The merchandise sold by the Company is
sourced from a wide variety of vendors. The Company’s business depends on being able to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner. Substantial portions of the Company’s products are sourced outside of the
United States. All of the Company’s vendors must comply with applicable laws and the Company’s required standards of conduct. Political or financial instability, changes in U.S. and foreign laws and regulations affecting the importation
and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws and regulations, as well as currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade and the inability
to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms could adversely impact the Company’s results of operations. 

The Company’s business is
seasonal. 

The Company’s annual earnings and cash flows depend to a great extent on the results of operations for the last quarter of its
fiscal year, which includes the holiday season. The Company’s fiscal fourth- 

-5- 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

quarter results may fluctuate significantly, based on many factors, including holiday spending patterns and weather conditions. This seasonality causes the
Company’s operating results to vary considerably from quarter to quarter. 

The failure to attract, retain and motivate the Company’s
associates, including associates in key positions, could have an adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations. 

The Company’s
results depend on the contributions of its associates, including its senior management team and other key associates. Since 2000, the Company has hired seasoned individuals, including executive level associates and others with a breadth of
experience in merchandising, marketing, buying and allocation under a centralized model, as well as to manage the Company’s Direct operations. The Company’s performance depends to a great extent on its ability to attract, retain and
motivate quality associates throughout the organization, many of whom, particularly in the department stores, are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. The Company’s ability to meet its labor needs
while controlling the Company’s costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. If the Company is unable to attract, retain and motivate quality
associates at all levels, its results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

The Company’s operations are dependent on information
technology systems; disruptions in those systems could have an adverse impact on its results of operations. 

The Company’s operations are
dependent upon the integrity, security and consistent operation of various systems and data centers, including the point-of-sale systems in the stores, data centers that process transactions, communication systems and various software applications
used throughout the Company to track inventory flow, process transactions and generate performance and financial reports. The Company could encounter difficulties in developing new systems or maintaining and upgrading existing systems. Such
difficulties could lead to significant expenses or to losses due to disruption in business operations. In addition, despite the Company’s considerable efforts and technology to secure its computer network, security could be compromised,
confidential information could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. This could lead to loss of sales or profits or cause the Company to incur significant costs to reimburse third parties for damages. In addition, the continued
realization of the benefits of the Company’s centralized buying and allocation processes and systems is a key element of the Company’s ability to meet its long-term customer and financial goals. The effectiveness of these processes and
systems is an important component of the Company’s ability to have the right inventory at the right place, time and price.