. 

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks
could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our Company’s growth and profitability depend on the level of consumer confidence and spending. 

Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in overall economic and political conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary
spending. Many economic factors outside of our control, including the housing market, interest rates, recession, inflation and deflation, energy costs and availability, consumer credit availability and terms, consumer debt levels, tax rates and
policy, and unemployment trends influence consumer confidence and spending. The domestic and international political situation and actions also affect consumer confidence and spending. Additional events that could impact our performance include
pandemics, terrorist threats and activities, worldwide military and domestic disturbances and conflicts, political instability and civil unrest. Further declines in the level of consumer spending could adversely affect our growth and profitability.

The retail industry is highly competitive, which could adversely impact our sales and profitability. 

The retail industry is highly competitive, with few barriers to entry. We compete with many other local, regional and national retailers for customers,
associates, locations, merchandise, services and other important aspects of our business. Those competitors include other department stores, discounters, home furnishing stores, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs, direct-to-consumer businesses and
other forms of retail commerce. Some competitors are larger than jcpenney, have greater financial resources available to them, and, as a result, may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting and selling their products. Competition
is characterized by many factors, including merchandise assortment, advertising, price, quality, service, location, reputation and credit availability. The performance of competitors as well as changes in their pricing and promotional policies,
marketing activities, new store openings, launches of Internet websites, brand launches and other merchandise and operational strategies could cause us to have lower sales, lower gross margin and/or higher operating expenses such as marketing costs
and other selling, general and administrative expenses, which in turn could have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

4 

Table of Contents

Our sales and operating results depend on customer preferences and fashion trends. 

Our sales and operating results depend in part on our ability to predict and respond to changes in fashion trends and customer preferences in a timely
manner by consistently offering stylish quality merchandise assortments at competitive prices. We continuously assess emerging styles and trends and focus on developing a merchandise assortment to meet customer preferences. Even with these efforts,
we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully meet constantly changing customer demands. To the extent our predictions differ from our customers’ preferences, we may be faced with excess inventories for some products and/or missed
opportunities for others. Excess inventories can result in lower gross margins due to greater than anticipated discounts and markdowns that might be necessary to reduce inventory levels. Low inventory levels can adversely affect the fulfillment of
customer demand and diminish sales and brand loyalty. Consequently, any sustained failure to identify and respond to emerging trends in lifestyle and customer preferences and buying trends could have an adverse impact on our business and any
significant misjudgments regarding inventory levels could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our profitability depends on our
ability to source merchandise and deliver it to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

Our merchandise is sourced from
a wide variety of suppliers, and our business depends on being able to find qualified suppliers and access products in a timely and efficient manner. A substantial portion of our merchandise is sourced outside of the United States. All of our
suppliers must comply with our supplier legal compliance program and applicable laws, including consumer and product safety laws. Although we diversify our sourcing and production by country, the failure of a supplier to produce and deliver our
goods on time, to meet our quality standards and adhere to our product safety requirements or to meet the requirements of our supplier compliance program or applicable laws, or our inability to flow merchandise to our stores or through the Internet
channel in the right quantities at the right time could adversely affect our profitability and could result in damage to our reputation. Inflationary pressures on commodity prices and other input costs could increase our cost of goods, and an
inability to pass such cost increases on to our customers or a change in our merchandise mix as a result of such cost increases could have an adverse impact on our profitability. Additionally, the impact of current and future economic conditions on
our suppliers cannot be predicted and may cause our suppliers to be unable to access financing or become insolvent and thus become unable to supply us with products. Similarly, political or financial instability, changes in U.S. and foreign laws and
regulations affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws and regulations, as well as currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors
relating to foreign trade and the inability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our business is seasonal. 

Our annual earnings and cash flows depend to a great
extent on the results of operations for the last quarter of our fiscal year, which includes the holiday season. Our fiscal fourth-quarter results may fluctuate significantly, based on many factors, including holiday spending patterns and weather
conditions. This seasonality causes our operating results to vary considerably from quarter to quarter. 

5 

Table of Contents

The moderation of our new store growth strategy as a result of current economic conditions could
adversely impact our future growth and profitability. 

Our future growth and profitability depend in part on our ability to add new
stores. Current and projected future economic conditions have caused us to moderate the number of new stores that we plan to open in the near term and have made it difficult for third-party developers to obtain financing for new sites. These factors
could negatively impact our future anticipated store openings. Furthermore, although we have conducted strategic market research, including reviewing demographic and regional economic trends, prior to making a decision to enter into a particular
market, we cannot be certain that our entry into a particular market will prove successful. The failure to expand by successfully opening new stores, or the failure of a significant number of these stores to perform as planned, could have an adverse
impact on our future growth, profitability and cash flows. 

The failure to retain, attract and motivate our associates, including
associates in key positions, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Our results depend on the contributions of
our associates, including our senior management team and other key associates. Our performance depends to a great extent on our ability to retain, attract and motivate talented associates throughout the organization, many of whom, particularly in
the department stores, are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage
rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. If we are unable to retain, attract and motivate talented associates at all levels, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Changes in federal, state or local laws and regulations could expose us to legal risks and adversely affect our results of operations.

Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. While our management believes that our associate relations are good,
significant legislative changes that impact our relationship with our associates could increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. Examples of possible legislative changes impacting our relationship with our associates
include changes to an employer’s obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or imposed, minimum wage requirements, and health care mandates. In addition, if we fail
to comply with applicable laws and regulations we could be subject to legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation. Changes in the regulatory environment regarding other topics such as privacy and information
security, product safety or environmental protection, including regulations in response to concerns regarding climate change, among others, could also cause our expenses to increase and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our operations are dependent on information technology systems; disruptions in those systems could have an adverse impact on our results of
operations. 

Our operations are dependent upon the integrity, security and consistent operation of various systems and data centers,
including the point-of-sale systems in the stores, our Internet website, data centers that process transactions, communication systems and various software applications used throughout our Company to track inventory flow, process transactions and
generate performance and financial reports. We could encounter difficulties in developing new systems or maintaining and upgrading 

6 

Table of Contents

existing systems. Such difficulties could lead to significant expenses or to losses due to disruption in business operations. In addition, despite our considerable efforts and technology to
secure our computer network, security could be compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. This could lead to loss of sales or profits, cause our customers to lose confidence in our ability
to protect their personal information which could lead to lost future sales or cause us to incur significant costs to reimburse third parties for damages, any of which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, the
continued realization of the benefits of our centralized buying and allocation processes and systems is a key element of our ability to meet our long-term customer and financial goals. The effectiveness of these processes and systems is an important
component of our ability to have the right inventory at the right place, time and price. 

Significant changes in discount rates, actual
investment return on pension assets, and other factors could affect our earnings, equity, and pension contributions in future periods. 

Our earnings may be positively or negatively impacted by the amount of income or expense recorded for our qualified pension plan. Generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP) require that income or expense for the plan be calculated at the annual measurement date using actuarial assumptions and calculations. The most significant assumptions relate to the
capital markets, interest rates and other economic conditions. Changes in key economic indicators can change the assumptions. Two critical assumptions used to estimate pension income or expense for the year are the expected long-term rate of return
on plan assets and the discount rate. In addition, at the measurement date, we must also reflect the funded status of the plan (assets and liabilities) on the balance sheet, which may result in a significant change to equity through a reduction or
increase to other comprehensive income. Although GAAP expense and pension contributions are not directly related, the key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we could be required to contribute to the
pension plan. Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to improve a plan’s funded status. 

As a result of their ownership stakes in the Company, our largest stockholders have the ability to materially influence actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders. These stockholders are
represented on our Board of Directors and, therefore, also have the ability to materially influence actions to be taken or approved by our Board. 

As of March 1, 2011, Pershing Square Capital Management L.P., PS Management GP, LLC and Pershing Square GP, LLC (together “Pershing Square”) beneficially owned approximately 16.5% of the
outstanding shares of our common stock. William A. Ackman, Chief Executive Officer of Pershing Square Capital Management, is one of our directors. 

As of March 1, 2011, Vornado Realty Trust, Vornado Realty L.P., VNO Fashion LLC and VSPS I L.L.C. (together “Vornado”) beneficially owned approximately 9.9% of the outstanding shares of our
common stock. Steven Roth, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Vornado Realty Trust, is one of our directors. 

Together, Pershing Square and
Vornado owned approximately 26.4% of our outstanding shares as of March 1, 2011. Pershing Square and Vornado have each stated that they intend to consult with each other in connection with their respective investments in our common stock. As a
result, Pershing Square and Vornado have the ability to materially influence actions to be taken or approved by our 

7 

Table of Contents

stockholders, including the election of directors and any transactions involving a change of control. Pershing Square and Vornado also have the ability to materially influence actions to be taken
or approved by our Board. 

In the future, Pershing Square or Vornado may acquire or sell shares of our common stock and thereby increase or
decrease their ownership stake in us. On October 18, 2010, we adopted a Stockholder Rights Plan, which restricts any person or group from acquiring (i) beneficial ownership of 10% or more of our common stock and (ii) in the case of
any person or group that owns 10% or more of our outstanding common stock as of October 18, 2010, any additional shares of common stock. 

Future share repurchases by us may increase Pershing Square’s and Vornado’s percentage ownership in the Company, and as a result, it is
possible that Pershing Square’s and/or Vornado’s ability to influence the Company’s actions could become even greater in the future. However, on February 25, 2011, we entered into separate stockholder agreements with each of
Pershing Square and Vornado, which generally provide that Pershing Square and Vornado will vote the number of shares of our common stock that it owns in excess of 16.5%, in Pershing Square’s case, and 9.9% in Vornado’s case, as a result of
not participating in our current share repurchase program, to be present and voted at stockholder meetings either as recommended by our Board of Directors or in direct proportion to how all other stockholders vote.