Construction and
maintenance sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. If we fail to maintain safe work sites, we can be exposed to significant financial losses as well as civil and criminal liabilities. 

Construction and maintenance sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of mechanized equipment, moving
vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes, and highly regulated materials. On many sites we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement safety procedures. If we fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement
are ineffective, our employees and others may become injured. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients, and raise our operating costs. Any of the foregoing could result in
financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In addition, our projects can involve the handling of hazardous and other highly regulated materials, which, if improperly handled or
disposed of, could subject us to civil and criminal liabilities. We are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. Although we maintain functional groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health,
safety, and environmental (“HSE”) work procedures throughout our organization, including construction sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to liability. 

Our safety record is critical to our reputation. Many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid
for contracts and many contracts provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract fees or profit in the event we fail to meet certain measures. As a result, our failure to maintain adequate safety standards could result
in reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Negative conditions in the credit and financial markets could impair our ability to operate our business, implement our acquisition strategy, and access our cash and short-term investments.

Although we finance much of our operations using cash provided by operations, at times we depend on the availability
of credit to grow our business and to help fund business acquisitions. In addition, some of our clients depend of the availability of credit to help finance their capital projects. Due to the continuing instability of the credit markets in the U.S.
and abroad, the availability of credit has continued to be relatively difficult or expensive to obtain in spite of government efforts to increase liquidity and hold or reduce interest rates. This situation could negatively impact our clients’
ability to fund their projects and, therefore, utilize our services, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In addition, we are subject to the risk that the counterparties to our credit agreements may go bankrupt if they suffer catastrophic
demand on their liquidity that will prevent them from fulfilling their contractual obligations to us. We also routinely enter into contracts with counterparties including vendors, suppliers, and subcontractors that may be negatively impacted by
events in the credit markets. If those counterparties are unable to perform their obligations to us or our clients, we may be required to provide additional services or make alternate arrangements with other parties to ensure adequate performance
and delivery of services to our clients. These circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

In addition, we typically bill our clients for our services in arrears and are, therefore, subject to our clients
delaying or failing to pay our invoices. In weak economic environments, we may experience increased delays 

19 

Table of Contents

and failures due to, among other reasons, a diminution in our clients’ access to the credit markets. If one or more clients delays in paying or fail to pay us a significant amount of our
outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Furthermore, our cash balances and short-term investments are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located primarily in North America, Europe, and Asia. Some of our
accounts hold deposits in amounts that exceed available insurance. Although none of the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and investments have gone into bankruptcy or forced receivership, or have been seized by their governments,
there is a risk that this may occur in the future. If this were to occur, we would be at risk of not being able to access our cash which may result in a temporary liquidity crisis that could impede our ability to fund operations. 

Our vulnerability to the cyclical nature of the markets in which our clients operate is exacerbated during economic downturns. 

We provide technical, professional, construction, and O&M services to clients operating in a number of markets including oil and gas
exploration, production, and refining; programs for various national governments, including the U.S. federal government; chemicals and polymers; pharmaceuticals and biotechnology; infrastructure; buildings; and other, general industrial and consumer
businesses and markets (such as technology and manufacturing; pulp and paper; food and consumer products; and mining and minerals). These markets and the resulting demand for our services have been, and we expect will continue to be, cyclical and
subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control, including economic conditions and changes in client spending, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. 

Current global economic conditions have negatively impacted our clients’ ability and willingness to fund their projects. They have
also caused our clients to reduce their capital expenditures, alter the mix of services purchased, seek more favorable price and other contract terms, and otherwise slow their spending on our services. For example, the precipitous increase in crude
oil prices followed by their collapse in calendar year 2008 caused several of our clients operating in the upstream oil and gas market to re-examine a number of their large capital projects, which resulted in delays and cancellations of contracts
previously awarded to us. In the public sector, declines in state tax revenues as well as other economic declines may result in lower state and local government spending. These conditions have reduced the demand for our services, which has had a
significant negative impact on our business and results of operations. 

Current economic conditions also make it extremely
difficult for our clients, our vendors, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and could cause businesses to continue to slow spending on our services. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic
slowdown or subsequent economic recovery worldwide or in our clients’ markets. In addition, our business has traditionally lagged recoveries in the general economy and, therefore, may not recover as quickly as the economy at large. A
continuation or worsening of current weak economic conditions or a reduction in government spending could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Regardless of economic or market conditions, investment decisions by our customers may vary by location or as a result of other factors
like the availability of labor or relative construction cost. Because we are dependent on the timing and funding of new awards, we are therefore vulnerable to changes in our clients’ markets and investment decisions. As a result, our past
results have varied considerably and may continue to vary depending upon the demand for future projects in the markets and the locations in which we operate. 

Fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our customer’s investment decisions and therefore subject us to risks of cancellation, delays in existing work, or changes in the timing and funding
of new awards. 

Commodity prices can affect our customers in a number of ways. For example, for those customers that
produce commodity products such as oil, gas, copper, or fertilizers, fluctuations in price can have a direct effect 

20 

Table of Contents

on their profitability and cash flow and, therefore, their willingness to continue to invest or make new capital investments. To the extent our customers defer new investments or cancel or delay
existing projects, the demand for our services decreases, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Commodity prices can also strongly affect the costs of projects. Rising commodity prices can negatively impact the potential returns on investments that are planned, as well as those in progress, and
result in customers deferring new investments or canceling or delaying existing projects. Cancellations and delays have affected our past results and may continue to do so in significant and unpredictable ways and could have a material adverse
impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire,
retain, and utilize qualified personnel. 

The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain,
and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, architects, designers, craft personnel, and corporate management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. From time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain
qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded by our clients. In certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain
qualified personnel. 

In addition, as some of our key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate
succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. If we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

The cost of providing our services, including the extent to which we utilize our
workforce, affects our profitability. For example, the uncertainty of contract award timing can present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contracts. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur cost
resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancy of facilities that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. 

The outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The nature of our business sometimes results in clients, subcontractors, and vendors presenting claims to us for, among other things,
recovery of costs related to certain projects. Similarly, we occasionally present change orders and other claims to our clients, subcontractors, and vendors. If we fail to document properly the nature of our claims and change orders or are otherwise
unsuccessful in negotiating reasonable settlements with our clients, subcontractors, and vendors, we could incur cost overruns, reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for a project. Additionally, irrespective of how well we document the nature of
our claims and change orders, the cost to prosecute and defend claims and change orders can be significant. 

We are a party to
litigation in the normal course of business. Most litigation with which we are involved as a defendant relates to workers’ compensation, personal injury, environmental, employment/labor, professional liability, and similar matters. We can be
exposed to claims and litigation if, for example, there is a failure at any of the projects for which we have provided engineering or other services. Such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business
interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and be brought by our clients or third parties, such as those who use or reside near our clients’ projects. We can also be exposed to claims if we agreed that a project will
achieve certain performance standards and those standards are not met. In many of our contracts with clients, subcontractors, and vendors, we agree to retain or assume potential liabilities for damages, penalties, losses, and other exposures
relating to projects that could result in claims that greatly exceed the anticipated profits relating to those contracts. 

21 

Table of Contents

We maintain insurance coverage for various aspects of our business and operations. Our
insurance programs have varying coverage limits and maximums. In addition, we have elected to retain a portion of losses that may occur through the use of various deductibles, limits, and retentions under these programs. As a result, we may be
subject to future liability for which we are only partially insured, or completely uninsured. Our insurers are also subject to business risk and, as a result, one or more of them may be unable to fulfill their insurance obligations due to insolvency
or otherwise. 

Pending or future claims against us could result in professional liability, product liability, criminal
liability, warranty obligations, and other liabilities which, to the extent we are not insured against a loss or our insurer fails to provide coverage, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

Contracts with the U.S. federal government and other governments and their agencies pose additional risks relating to
future funding and compliance. 

Contracts with the U.S. federal government and other governments and their agencies are
subject to various uncertainties, restrictions, and regulations including oversight audits by various government authorities and profit and cost controls. Government contracts are also exposed to uncertainties associated with funding. Contracts with
the U.S. federal government, for example, are subject to the uncertainties of Congressional funding. Governments are typically under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level, and funds for government programs may even be eliminated.
As a result, our government clients may terminate our contracts for convenience or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. Since government contracts represent a significant percentage of our revenues (those with the U.S.
federal government represented approximately 25.4% of our total revenue in fiscal 2010), the loss of such contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In addition, since government contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic
requirements, we must comply with such requirements. For example, for contracts with the U.S. federal government, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the Truth in Negotiations Act, the Cost Accounting Standards, the Service
Contract Act, and DoD security regulations. We must also comply with various other government regulations and requirements as well as various statutes related to employment practices, environmental protection, recordkeeping, and accounting. These
regulations and requirements affect how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. Government contracts also contain terms that expose us to heightened levels of risk and
potential liability than non-government contracts. This includes, for example, unlimited indemnification obligations. 

We also
are subject to government audits, investigations, and proceedings, and so-called “qui tam” actions brought by individuals or the government under the U.S. Federal False Claims Act or under similar state and local laws. For example,
government agencies routinely review and audit government contractors to determine whether allowable costs are in accordance with applicable regulations. These audits can result in adjustments to the amount of contract costs we believe are
reimbursable by the agencies and the amount of our overhead costs allocated to the agencies. 

If we violate a rule or
regulation, fail to comply with a contractual or other requirement or do not satisfy an audit, a variety of penalties can be imposed including monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. In addition, any or all of our government contracts
could be terminated, we could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work, or payment of our costs could be disallowed. The occurrence of any of these actions could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

22 

Table of Contents

We bear the risk of cost overruns in fixed-price and guaranteed maximum price contracts. We may
experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses under these contracts if costs increase above our estimates. 

For
fiscal 2010, approximately 14% of our revenues were earned under contracts that were either fixed-price or guaranteed maximum price in nature. For these contracts, we bear the risk of paying some, if not all, of any cost overruns. Under fixed-price
and guaranteed maximum-price contracts, contract prices are established in part on cost and scheduling estimates that are based on a number of assumptions, including those about future economic conditions, prices and availability of labor, equipment
and materials, and other exigencies. If these estimates prove inaccurate, there are errors or ambiguities as to contract specifications, or if circumstances change due to, among other things, unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in
obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather delays, changes in the costs of raw materials, or our vendors’ or subcontractors’ inability to perform, then cost overruns may occur and we could experience
reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. If the project is significant, or there are one or more issues that impact multiple projects, costs overruns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

The contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, cancelled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog
is not necessarily indicative of our future revenues or earnings. Additionally, even if fully performed, our backlog may not be a good indicator of our future gross margins. 

As of the end of fiscal 2010, our backlog totaled approximately $13.2 billion. There is no assurance that backlog will actually be
realized as revenues in the amounts reported or, if realized, will result in profits. In accordance with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts are subject to cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the client.
In addition, the contracts in our backlog are subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contracts. Our backlog includes expected revenues for contracts that are based on estimates.
Projects can remain in backlog for extended periods of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the particular services required by the project. The risk of contracts in backlog being cancelled or suspended generally increases
during periods of wide-spread economic slowdowns. 

Additionally, the way we perform on our individual contracts can affect
greatly our gross margins and hence, future profitability. In some markets, there is a continuing trend towards cost-reimbursable contracts with incentive-fee arrangements. Typically, our incentive fees are based on such things as achievement of
target completion dates or target costs, overall safety performance, overall client satisfaction, and other performance criteria. If we fail to meet such targets or achieve the expected performance standards, we may receive a lower, or even zero,
incentive fee resulting in lower gross margins. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the contracts in backlog, assuming they produce the revenues currently expected, will generate gross margins at the rates we have realized in the past.

Our use of joint ventures and partnerships exposes us to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control.

As is common in the industry, we perform certain contracts as a member of joint ventures, partnerships, and similar
arrangements. This situation exposes us to a number of risks, including the risk that our partners may be unable to fulfill their obligations to us or our clients. Our partners may also be unable or unwilling to provide the required levels of
financial support to the partnerships. If these circumstances occur, we may be required to pay financial penalties or liquidated damages, provide additional services, or make additional investments to ensure adequate performance and delivery of the
contracted services. Under agreements with joint and several liabilities, we could be liable for both our obligations and those of our partners. These circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, all of
which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

23 

Table of Contents

In addition, we participate in joint ventures and similar arrangements in which we are not
the controlling partner. In these cases, we have limited control over the actions of the joint venture. In addition, these joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control over financial
reporting that we follow. To the extent the controlling partner makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control problems arise within the joint venture, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

We are dependent on third parties to complete many of our contracts. 

Much of the work performed under our contracts is performed by third-party subcontractors we hire. We also rely on third-party equipment
manufacturers or suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. If we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project
could be impaired. If the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump-sum or a fixed-price contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. If a subcontractor,
supplier, or manufacturer fails to provide services, supplies or equipment as required under a contract for any reason, we may be required to source these services, equipment or supplies to other third parties on a delayed basis or at a higher price
than anticipated, which could impact contract profitability. 

In the current economic environment, third-parties may find it
difficult to obtain sufficient financing to help fund their operations. The inability to obtain financing could adversely affect a third party’s ability to provide materials, equipment or services which could have a material adverse impact on
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Maintaining adequate bonding capacity is necessary for us to successfully
bid on and win fixed-price contracts. 

In line with industry practice, we are often required to provide performance or
payment bonds to our customers. These bonds indemnify the customer should we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. If a bond is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain an appropriate bond, we cannot pursue that
project. 

Historically, we have had adequate bonding capacity but, as is typically the case, the issuance of a bond is at the
surety’s sole discretion. In addition, because of an overall lack of worldwide bonding capacity, we may find it difficult to find sureties who will provide required levels of bonding or such bonding may only be available at significant
additional cost. There can be no assurance that our bonding capacity will continue to be available to us on reasonable terms. Our inability to obtain adequate bonding and, as a result, to bid on new contracts that require such bonding could have a
material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

If we fail to comply with federal,
state, local or foreign governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected. 

We are subject to U.S.
federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that affect our business. For example, we are subject to a variety of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, discharges to air and water, the
handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous or waste materials and the remediation of contamination associated with the releases of hazardous substances and human health and safety. These laws and regulations and the risk of attendant litigation
can cause significant delays to a project and add significantly to its cost. Violations of regulations could subject us and our management to civil and criminal penalties and other liabilities. 

Various U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign environmental laws and regulations may impose liability for property damage and costs of
investigation and cleanup of hazardous or toxic substances on property currently or 

24 

Table of Contents

previously owned by us or arising out of our waste management or environmental remediation activities. These laws may impose responsibility and liability without regard to knowledge of or
causation of the presence of contaminants. The liability under these laws is joint and several. We have potential liabilities associated with our past waste management and other activities and with our current and prior ownership of various