.

    Our business is subject to a number of risks.  You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Report, before you decide whether to purchase our common stock.  The risks set out below are not the only risks we face.  If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Future acquisitions and dispositions of our operations and investments are possible, changing the components of our assets and liabilities, and if unsuccessful could reduce the value of our common shares.  Any future acquisitions or dispositions may result in significant changes in the composition of our assets and liabilities. Consequently, our financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common shares may be affected by factors different from those affecting our financial condition, results of operations and trading price at the present time.

We are dependent on certain key personnel.  We are dependent on the services of Ian M. Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg, our Chairman of the Board and President, respectively.  Messrs. Cumming’s and Steinberg’s employment agreements with us expire June 30, 2015.  These individuals are also significant shareholders of our Company.  As of February 16, 2012, Messrs. Cumming and Steinberg and trusts for the benefit of their respective families (excluding certain private charitable foundations) beneficially owned approximately 9.0% and 10.0% of our outstanding common shares, respectively.  Accordingly, Messrs. Cumming and Steinberg exert significant influence over all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election or removal of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions.

We operate in a variety of industries and market sectors, all of which are very competitive and susceptible to economic downturns and have been adversely affected by recent economic conditions.  The Company operates in industries that sell commodity products and services, including beef processing, manufacturing and oil and gas drilling services, all of which are very competitive with product pricing often being the most significant factor to customers.  Certain industries have seen a consolidation of the customer base, which tends to increase competition and pricing pressure.  In addition, starting in 2008, the recession and general economic conditions have adversely affected operating results in the manufacturing, oil and gas drilling services, gaming entertainment and domestic real estate segments, which is likely to continue until the economy recovers.  The performance of these business units during this period has resulted in a lower valuation for these businesses, and a worsening of general economic or market conditions could result in a further deterioration in the values of our businesses or investments.

23

The prices and availability of key raw materials affects the profitability of our beef processing and manufacturing operations, and also impacts Sangart’s ability to conduct its clinical trials.  

The supply and market price of cattle purchased by National Beef are dependent upon a variety of factors over which National Beef has little or no control, including fluctuations in the size of herds maintained by producers, the relative cost of feed and energy, weather and livestock diseases.  Sangart has access to sufficient raw materials to conduct its clinical trials; however, it has not secured commitments for sufficient raw materials for a commercial launch, which would also require additional investments in manufacturing capacity.  The cost of polypropylene, the principal raw material used by Conwed Plastics, has increased by approximately 20% over the last three years, a continuing trend that started in 2002.  The price of polypropylene has historically fluctuated with the price of oil and natural gas but growing economies in China and India have resulted in increased demand and impacted prices.  Although the Company’s operating subsidiaries are not currently experiencing any shortage of raw materials, if the subsidiaries experience shortages, revenues and profitability could decline.

    Outbreaks of disease affecting livestock can adversely affect the supply of cattle and the demand for National Beef’s products.

  National Beef is subject to risks relating to animal health and disease control.  An outbreak of disease affecting livestock (such as foot-and-mouth disease or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (“BSE”), commonly referred to as mad cow disease) could result in restrictions on sales of products, restrictions on purchases of livestock from suppliers or widespread destruction of cattle.  The discovery of BSE in the past caused certain countries to restrict or prohibit the importation of beef products.  Outbreaks of diseases, or the perception by the public that an outbreak has occurred, or other concerns regarding diseases, can lead to inadequate supply, cancellation of orders by customers and create adverse publicity, any of which can have a significant negative impact on consumer demand and, as a result, on the Company’s consolidated financial position, cash flows and results of operations.

    If National Beef’s products or products made by others using its products become contaminated or are alleged to be contaminated, National Beef may be subject to product liability claims that would adversely affect its business. 

 National Beef may be subject to significant liability in excess of insurance policy limits if its products or products made by others using its products causes injury, illness or death.  In addition, National Beef could recall or be required to recall products that are, or are alleged to be, contaminated, spoiled or inappropriately labeled.  Organisms producing food borne illnesses (such as
 E. coli) could be present in National Beef’s products and result in illness or death if they are not eliminated through further processing or cooking.  Contamination of National Beef’s or its competitors’ products may create adverse publicity or cause consumers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of beef products.  Allegations of product contamination may also be harmful even if they are untrue or result from third-party tampering.  Any of these events may increase costs or decrease demand for beef products, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

    National Beef generally does not enter into long-term contracts with customers; as a result the volumes and prices at which beef products are sold are subject to market forces.

 National Beef’s customers generally place orders for products on an as-needed basis and, as a result, their order levels have varied from period to period in the past and may vary significantly in the future. The loss of one or more significant customers, a significant decline in the volume of orders from customers or a significant decrease in beef product prices for a sustained period of time could negatively impact cash flows and results of operations.

National Beef’s international operations expose it to political and economic risks in foreign countries, as well as to risks related to currency fluctuations.

 Approximately 12% of National Beef’s annual sales are export sales, primarily to Mexico, Japan, South Korea, Canada, China (for hides), Hong Kong, Egypt, and Taiwan, and on average these sales have a higher margin than domestic sales of similar products.  A reduction in international sales could adversely affect revenues and margins.  Risks associated with international activities include inflation or deflation and changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including changes in currency exchange rates of other countries that may export beef products in competition with National Beef; the closing of borders by foreign countries to product imports due to disease or other perceived health or food safety issues; exchange controls; changes in tariffs; changes in political or economic conditions; trade restrictions and changes in regulatory requirements.

  The occurrence of any of these events could increase costs, lower demand for products or limit operations, which could have a significant adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and future prospects. 

24

National Beef incurs substantial costs to comply with environmental regulations and could incur additional costs as a result of new regulations or compliance failures that result in civil or criminal penalties, liability for damages and negative publicity.  National Beef’s operations are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent environmental regulations administered by the EPA and state, local and other authorities with regards to water usage, wastewater and storm water discharge, air emissions and odor, and waste management and disposal.  Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could have serious consequences, including criminal, civil and administrative penalties and negative publicity.  In addition, National Beef incurs and will continue to incur significant capital and operating expenditures to comply with existing and new or more stringent regulations and requirements.  All of National Beef’s processing facilities procure wastewater treatment services from municipal or other regional governmental agencies that are in turn subject to environmental laws and permit limits regarding their water discharges.  As permit limits are becoming more stringent, upgrades and capital improvements to these municipal treatment facilities are likely.  In locations where National Beef is a significant volume discharger, it could be asked to contribute toward the costs of such upgrades or to pay significantly increased water or sewer charges to recoup such upgrade costs.  National Beef may also be required to undertake upgrades and make capital improvements to its own wastewater pretreatment facilities, the cost of which could be significant.  Compliance with environmental regulations has had and will continue to have a significant impact on National Beef’s cash flows, margins and profitability.  In addition, under most environmental laws, most notably the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) and analogous state laws, National Beef could be held liable for the cost to investigate or remediate any contamination at properties it owns or operates, or as to which it arranges for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, as such liability is imposed without regard to fault.

National Beef’s operating results could be negatively impacted by hedging and derivative positions.

 National Beef uses derivative financial instruments and other strategies in an attempt to reduce exposure to various market risks, including changes in commodity prices.  These positions do not qualify as hedges for financial reporting purposes and are marked to fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported in earnings.  Losses on these instruments will negatively impact reported operating results and the use of such instruments may limit National Beef’s ability to benefit from favorable commodity price movements.

Failure by Wal-Mart and its affiliates to continue purchasing from National Beef could have a significant adverse effect on our sales.

 Sales to Wal-Mart Stores and its affiliate, Sam’s Club, represented approximately 

9% of National Beef’s total net sales during its last fiscal year.  Wal-Mart recently requested that its beef suppliers, including National Beef, submit a proposal for future business.  If Wal-Mart and its affiliates do not continue to purchase from National Beef, it could have a significant adverse effect on results of operations.

National Beef is subject to extensive governmental regulation and noncompliance with or changes in applicable requirements could adversely affect its business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

 National Beef’s operations are subject to extensive regulation and oversight by the USDA, FSIS, GIPSA, the FDA, and other state, local and foreign authorities regarding the processing, packaging, storage, safety, distribution, advertising and labeling of its products.  Recently, food safety practices and procedures in the meat processing industry have been subject to more intense scrutiny and oversight by the USDA.  

National Beef is also subject to a variety of immigration, labor and worker safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the hiring and retention of employees.  Failure to comply with existing or new laws and regulations could result in administrative penalties and injunctive relief, civil remedies, fines, interruption of operations, recalls of products or seizures of properties, potential criminal sanctions and personal injury or other damage claims. These remedies, changes in the applicable laws and regulations or discovery of currently unknown conditions could increase costs, limit business operations and reduce profitability.

25

National Beef’s performance depends on favorable labor relations with its employees, in particular employees represented by collective bargaining agreements.

A substantial number of National Beef’s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements.  A labor-related work stoppage by unionized employees, or employees who become unionized in the future, could limit National Beef’s ability to process and ship products or could increase costs.  Any significant increase in labor costs, deterioration of employee relations, slowdowns or work stoppages at any of National Beef’s locations, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

Declines in the U.S. housing market have reduced revenues and profitability of our manufacturing businesses and may continue to do so.  Our manufacturing operations, in particular Idaho Timber, have generated significant revenues when the U.S. housing market was strong.  The weak U.S. housing market during the last few years has resulted in fewer new housing starts, which has adversely impacted revenues and profitability at Idaho Timber and Conwed Plastics.  Idaho Timber does not expect to return to prior levels of profitability until the U.S. housing market recovers.

Keen’s revenues and profitability are impacted by natural gas and oil supplies and prices and the supply of drilling rigs in the marketplace.  During periods of decreased demand for natural gas and oil, Keen’s rig utilization will decline and Keen’s competitors may also have excess capacity in the marketplace, which adversely impacts Keen’s revenues and profitability.

The nature of Keen’s operating activities can be hazardous, and accidents can cause personal injury or death, damage to Keen’s equipment and/or environmental damage.  These hazards are inherent in the contract drilling business, and if Keen is not fully protected through insurance coverage or indemnification from its customers any such accidents could adversely impact Keen’s profitability.  Keen maintains insurance coverage and has indemnification agreements with many of its customers; however, there is no assurance that such insurance or indemnification agreements would adequately protect Keen against liability or loss from all consequences of any accidents.  Additionally, Keen may not be able to purchase insurance economically.

New technologies and aging equipment could cause Keen’s drilling equipment and methods to become less competitive, resulting in reduced profitability or a requirement to make significant capital investments to remain competitive.  Improvements in drilling technology and aging equipment could cause Keen to become less competitive, lose business, suffer reduced profitability or result in impairment charges with respect to its drilling equipment.

The Hard Rock Biloxi is dependent upon patronage of persons living in the Gulf Coast region. The Hard Rock Biloxi
 primarily seeks to attract patrons from its local geographic area.  Downturns in local and regional economic conditions, an increase in competition in the surrounding area and interruptions caused by hurricanes could negatively impact operating results.

We may not be able to insure certain risks economically.  We cannot be certain that we will be able to insure all risks that we desire to insure economically or that all of our insurers or reinsurers will be financially viable if we make a claim.  If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits should occur, or if the Company is required to pay a deductible for an insured loss, results of operations could be adversely affected.  Premier has been severely damaged by hurricanes in the past, and it is possible that storms could cause significant damage in the future.  Damages from storms could result in Premier closing its facility to make repairs, resulting in lost business and adversely affecting results of operations.

26

Increases in mortgage interest rate levels, the lack of available consumer credit and the depressed real estate market have reduced and may continue to reduce consumer demand for certain of our real estate development projects and result in impairment charges.  Due to current depressed economic conditions in the national real estate market, most of the Company’s real estate development projects are not being marketed for sale.  If the Company begins to market its development projects in the future, the ability to successfully attract customers will be highly dependent upon consumers’ ability to finance real estate purchases with affordable loans.  If the Company is unable to realize its projected cash flows for its development projects, impairment charges are likely.

Sangart is subject to extensive government regulation, cannot generate any revenue without regulatory approval of its products and is also subject to all of the risks inherent in establishing a new business.  Although funds invested in Sangart are generally expensed by Sangart when spent, the Company cannot be assured that it will ever receive a return on its investment due to the risky nature of Sangart’s development activities.  Clinical trials of Sangart’s product candidates are not complete, the products have not been approved for sale by regulatory authorities and there is a risk that its products may never prove effective or be approved.

Sangart’s success depends on its ability to obtain, maintain, renew and defend patent protection for its products and technologies, preserve trade secrets and operate without infringing on the intellectual property rights of others.  The patent positions of biopharmaceutical companies, such as Sangart, are generally uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions.  If Sangart’s intellectual property positions are challenged, invalidated, circumvented or expire, or if Sangart fails to maintain or renew its third-party intellectual property licenses in good standing, its ability to successfully bring MP4 products to market would be adversely affected, it could incur monetary liabilities or be required to cease using the technology or product in dispute.

Sangart will require significant additional funding for product development and clinical trial activities prior to regulatory approval and commercial launch; the source of such funding has not been identified.  The Company expects to provide Sangart with sufficient capital during 2012.  Sangart has had discussions with third-party investors; however, no agreements have been reached and if such agreements are entered into it would likely result in significant dilution of the Company’s interest.  The Company has not determined whether it will continue to provide funds to Sangart and if so how much it will provide.  If Sangart is not provided with additional funds from either the Company or other sources when needed, it is unlikely that the Company will ever realize any significant return of its invested capital.

The Company has incurred costs to investigate and evaluate the development of a number of large scale energy projects; however, development of these projects is subject to obtaining significant third-party debt and equity financing, regulatory approvals, the procurement of purchase commitments for long-term supplies of feedstock and securing long-term commitments from purchasers of the output.  Although the Company has spent significant amounts investigating large scale energy projects, it will not be able to develop these projects without financing from other sources, various regulatory approvals and commitments from third-parties.  The timing of the commencement of construction of any project is also dependent upon the receipt of financing and regulatory approvals.  If the Company is unable to obtain such financing, approvals or commitments, it will not be able to recover its investment.

If Berkadia does not maintain certain specified ratings from the credit rating agencies it could lose its mortgage servicing rights.  Berkadia is required to maintain specified ratings from the credit rating agencies, and failure to do so would give its customers the right to terminate their mortgage servicing agreements.  If mortgage servicing agreements were terminated as a result of a credit ratings downgrade, the Company could lose its entire equity investment.

27

When Berkadia originates loans for Fannie Mae, it is often required to share in the losses on such loans, which could be in excess of reserved amounts.  Berkadia carries a reserve on its balance sheet for contingent losses on loans originated for Fannie Mae that have loss sharing requirements.  If actual losses exceed amounts reserved, Berkadia’s profitability and cash flows will be reduced.

The loss of or changes in Berkadia’s relationships with U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises and federal agencies would have an adverse effect on Berkadia’s business.  Berkadia’s failure to comply with the applicable U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprise or agency may result in its termination as an approved seller/servicer, mortgagee or issuer.  The loss of any such status could have a significant adverse impact on Berkadia’s results of operations, could result in a loss of similar approvals from other U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises or federal agencies and could have other adverse consequences to the business.  Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac retain broad discretion to terminate Berkadia as a seller/servicer without cause upon notice.

Changes in existing government-sponsored and federal mortgage programs could negatively affect Berkadia’s business.  Berkadia’s ability to generate income through mortgage sales to institutional investors depends in part on programs sponsored by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the FHA, which purchase such loans from Berkadia and/or facilitate the issuance of mortgage-backed securities in the secondary market.  The federal government has announced that the continuation of these programs is under review, and that any or all of the government agency programs could be substantially modified or eliminated in the future.  Any discontinuation of, or significant reduction or change in, the operation of those programs would have an adverse effect on Berkadia’s loan origination and servicing business and results of operations.  

Berkadia’s special servicing and fee-for-service businesses may be terminated on short notice.  Special servicing for each CMBS transaction is usually controlled by the subordinated bond holder class of the securitization.  The owners of the subordinated bonds may change from time to time, and subordinated bond holders may replace Berkadia with a different special servicer.  Fee-for-service customers are permitted to terminate Berkadia on short notice, usually 30 days.  If Berkadia loses special servicing rights or is terminated by fee-for-service customers, it would negatively impact Berkadia’s results of operations and cash flows.

CMBS loan and Bridge loan programs will expose Berkadia to credit and interest rate risk that it is not subject to with its government agency lending programs.  Unlike its government agency lending programs, Berkadia cannot be assured it will be able to sell CMBS and Bridge loans at par value to a third-party without any exposure to credit or interest rate risk.  If for any reason Berkadia is unable to sell a CMBS loan into the securitization market or if a borrower is unable to refinance a Bridge loan, Berkadia will retain all risks associated with such loan for as long as it owns the loan.  Berkadia may be forced to foreclose on defaulted loans and suffer a loss, or to sell loans to a third party at a discount, either of which would reduce Berkadia’s profitability and cash flows. 

If Berkadia suffered significant losses and was unable to
 repay its commercial paper borrowings, the Company would be exposed to loss pursuant to a reimbursement obligation to Berkshire Hathaway.  Berkadia obtains funds generated by commercial paper sales of an affiliate of Berkadia.  All of the proceeds from the commercial paper sales are used by Berkadia to fund new mortgage loans, servicer advances, investments and other working capital requirements.  Repayment of the commercial paper is supported by a $2,500,000,000 surety policy issued by a Berkshire Hathaway insurance subsidiary and corporate guaranty, and the Company has agreed to reimburse Berkshire Hathaway for one-half of any losses incurred thereunder.  If Berkadia suffers significant losses and is unable to repay its commercial paper borrowings, the Company would suffer losses to the extent of its reimbursement obligation to Berkshire Hathaway.  As of December 31, 2011, the aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding was $2,000,000,000.

28

Berkadia’s business is significantly affected by general economic conditions, particularly in the commercial real estate industry, and could be harmed in the event of a continued economic slowdown, prolonged recession or other market downturn or disruption.  Berkadia’s business and earnings are sensitive to changes in government policies and regulations, changes in interest rates, inflation, deflation, oversupply of real estate properties, fluctuations in the real estate and debt capital markets and developments in national and local economies.  Unfavorable economic conditions could have an adverse effect on Berkadia’s business, including decreasing the demand for new loans and the servicing of loans originated by third parties.

The Company has a substantial investment in Jefferies, an investment banking and securities firm whose operating results are greatly affected by the economy and financial markets.  Turmoil in the equity and credit markets had an adverse effect on the volume and size of transactions Jefferies executes for its customers, resulting in reduced revenues and profitability in its investment banking, asset management and trading activities, as well as losses in its principal trading activities.  Future declines in Jefferies’ operating results caused by these or other conditions could adversely affect the value of the Company’s investment.

    New financial legislation could affect the market value of the Company’s investment in Jefferies.  
Recently adopted legislation in the U.S. will result in more comprehensive regulation of the financial services industry.  Such regulation could have an adverse impact on the market value of the Company’s investment in Jefferies.  Jefferies is also subject to certain specific risks which could impact the value of the Company’s investment; these risks are disclosed in Jefferies’ filings with the SEC.

    The Company has a substantial investment in Mueller, a manufacturer of copper, brass, plastic, and aluminum products whose operating results are greatly impacted by raw material costs, economic conditions in the housing and commercial construction industries and general overall economic conditions.
  Mueller’s products are impacted by the prices of certain commodities used as raw materials and energy costs, which have been volatile.  Mueller typically attempts to pass cost increases onto its customers but is not always successful.  Mueller’s operating results have also been adversely impacted by general economic conditions particularly in the housing and commercial construction industries.  To the extent Mueller’s operating results are adversely impacted by these and other factors, the value of the Company’s investment in Mueller could decline.  Additional information about risk factors that impact Mueller are disclosed in its filings with the SEC.

The Company has substantial investments in Fortescue and Inmet, entities which are engaged in the mining of base metals (principally iron ore and copper), the prices of which have been volatile and can reduce the value of the Company’s investments.  The value of the Company’s investment in the base metals mining sector rise and fall with the changes in the underlying base metal prices.  In addition, mining operations are often subject to delay and regulatory scrutiny, which can increase costs or delay bringing mines into full production.  Pricing changes and mining delays have a direct impact on the value of the Company’s investments, and could adversely impact results of operations and equity.

The value of the FMG Note could be significantly reduced if the Company loses its litigation against Fortescue.  If the litigation is ultimately determined adversely to the Company and Fortescue issues additional notes, the Company’s future cash flows from the FMG Note and future results of operations would be adversely affected to the extent of the dilution resulting from the issuance of such additional notes, which could be significant.  In addition, depending upon the extent of any such dilution, the Company may have to record an impairment charge for its prepaid mining interest.

Garcadia’s business is dependent, in part, upon revenue from new and used car sales at its dealerships, and declines in revenues due to industry or other factors could result in reduced profitability, reduced cash flows and/or impairment charges.  Garcadia has recorded impairment charges in the past, principally for goodwill and other intangible assets, and if the automobile industry experiences a downturn in the future additional impairment charges are likely.  In addition, reduced revenues would result in reduced profitability and cash flows for the Company.

29

From time to time the Company may invest in illiquid securities that are subject to standstill agreements or are otherwise restricted.  From time to time the Company may invest in securities that are subject to restrictions which prohibit the Company from selling the subject securities for a period of time.  The Company has entered into a standstill agreement with Mueller for the two year period ending September 1, 2013, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company has agreed not to sell its shares if the buyer would own more than 4.9% of the outstanding shares.  Should the Company need to generate liquidity quickly, the agreement would limit the Company’s ability to dispose of this investment while the agreement is effective.

    The Company has significant investments in publicly traded securities and changes in the market prices of these securities, particularly during times of increased volatility in security prices, can have a significant impact on the Company’s investment portfolio, equity and, for certain investments, on results of operations.
  The Company has significant investments in publicly traded securities, principally Fortescue, Jefferies, Mueller and Inmet, and in JHYH, an operating business that typically owns publicly traded securities.  Changes in the market values of publicly traded available for sale securities, such as Fortescue and Inmet, are reflected in other comprehensive income (loss) and equity but not in the consolidated statements of operations.  However, changes in the market value of Jefferies and Mueller, for which the Company has elected the fair value option, declines in the fair values of equity securities that the Company deems to be other than temporary, and declines in the fair values of debt securities related to credit losses are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations and equity.  The Company’s investment in JHYH is accounted for on the equity method of accounting for which the Company records its share of JHYH’s profits or losses in its consolidated statements of operations.  To the extent that JHYH owns public securities, with changes in market values reflected in its earnings, this increases the Company’s exposure to volatility in the public securities markets.  Global securities markets have been highly volatile, and continued volatility may have a significant negative impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position and results of operations.

    Changes in government tax policies in foreign or domestic jurisdictions where the Company has investments could have an adverse impact on the value of those investments.
  The Company has significant investments in both domestic and foreign businesses, where local and national government tax policies in the jurisdictions where those businesses operate could have an adverse impact on the value of those investments.  Government budget deficits may result in legislation to increase or add new taxes on businesses, in particular the domestic financial services and foreign mining sectors.  The Company has equity investments and/or loans to businesses operating in those sectors, and the announcement of unfavorable taxation policy or regulation for those businesses has had and could continue to have an adverse impact on the values of those investments, and reduce cash flows to the Company.

Current economic conditions have adversely affected most of the Company’s operations and investments.  A worsening of current economic conditions or a prolonged recession could cause a decline in estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by certain of the Company’s operations and investments, potentially resulting in impairment charges for long-lived assets.  Certain of the Company’s operating businesses and investments have significant investments in long-lived assets, in particular beef processing, manufacturing, oil and gas drilling services and gaming entertainment.  Current economic conditions have resulted in declining revenues for certain of these operations and their property and equipment is not being fully utilized.  As required, the Company has reviewed certain of these assets and investments for potential impairment, and except as otherwise disclosed has not concluded that the book values of these long-lived assets are not recoverable.  If the operating revenues of these businesses deteriorate in the future, and/or the Company lowers its estimates of future cash flows, impairment charges might have to be recorded.

30

We could experience significant increases in operating costs and reduced profitability due to competition for skilled management and staff employees in our operating businesses.  The Company competes with many other entities for skilled management and staff employees, including entities that operate in different market sectors than the Company.  Costs to recruit and retain adequate personnel could adversely affect results of operations.

Extreme weather, loss of electrical power or other forces beyond our control could negatively impact our business.
 Natural disasters, fire, terrorism, pandemic or extreme weather, including droughts, floods, excessive cold or heat, hurricanes or other storms, could interfere with our operating businesses due to power outages, fuel shortages, water shortages, damage to facilities or disruption of transportation channels, among other things.  Any of these factors, as well as disruptions to information systems, could have an adverse effect on financial results.

We rely on the security of our information technology systems and those of our third party providers to protect our proprietary information and information of our customers.  Some of our businesses involve the storage and transmission of customers’ personal information, consumer preferences and credit card information.  While we believe that we have implemented protective measures to effectively secure information and prevent security breaches, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer hacking, computer viruses or other unauthorized attempts by third parties to access the proprietary information of our customers.  Information technology breaches and failures could disrupt our ability to function in the normal course of business resulting in lost revenue, the disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential information and the incurrence of remediation costs, resulting in legal and financial exposure.  Moreover, loss of confidential customer identification information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under laws that protect confidential personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues.

From time to time we are subject to litigation, for which we may be unable to accurately assess our level of exposure and which if adversely determined, may have a significant adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  The Company and its subsidiaries are or may become parties to legal proceedings that are considered to be either ordinary, routine litigation incidental to their business or not significant to the Company’s consolidated financial position or liquidity.  Although the Company’s current assessment is that there is no pending litigation that could have a significant adverse impact, if the Company’s assessment proves to be in error, then the outcome of litigation could have a significant impact on the Company’s financial statements.

We may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to fully realize our deferred tax asset, which would also have to be reduced if U.S. federal income tax rates are lowered.  At December 31, 2011, we have recognized a net deferred tax asset of $1,584,886,000.  If we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income, we will not be able to fully realize the recorded amount of the net deferred tax asset.  If we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of our NOLs, the NOLs would expire unused.  The Company’s projections of future taxable income required to fully realize the recorded amount of the net deferred tax asset reflect numerous assumptions about our operating businesses and investments, and are subject to change as conditions change specific to our business units, investments or general economic conditions.  Changes that are adverse to the Company could result in the need to increase the deferred tax asset valuation allowance resulting in a charge to results of operations and a decrease to total stockholders’ equity.  In addition, if U.S. federal income tax rates are lowered, the Company would be required to reduce its net deferred tax asset with a corresponding reduction to earnings during the period.

The payment of dividends in the future is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors.  The Company does not have a regular dividend policy and whether or not to pay any dividends is determined each year by our Board of Directors.

31

Our common shares are subject to transfer restrictions.  We and certain of our subsidiaries have significant NOLs and other tax attributes, the amount and availability of which are subject to certain qualifications, limitations and uncertainties.  In order to reduce the possibility that certain changes in ownership could result in limitations on the use of the tax attributes, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that generally restrict the ability of a person or entity from acquiring ownership (including through attribution under the tax law) of 5% or more of our common shares and the ability of persons or entities now owning 5% or more of our common shares from acquiring additional common shares.  The restriction will remain until the earliest of (a) December 31, 2024, (b) the repeal of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (or any comparable successor provision) and (c) the beginning of a taxable year to which these tax benefits may no longer be carried forward.  The restriction may be waived by our Board of Directors on a case by case basis.  Shareholders are advised to carefully monitor their ownership of our common shares and consult their own legal advisors and/or us to determine whether their ownership of our common shares approaches the proscribed level.