.

Our business is subject to a number of risks.  You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Report, before you decide whether to purchase our common stock.  The risks set out below are not the only risks we face.  If
any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Future acquisitions and dispositions of our operations and investments are possible, changing the components of our assets and liabilities, and if unsuccessful could reduce the value of our common shares.  Any future acquisitions or dispositions may result in significant
changes in the composition of our assets and liabilities. Consequently, our financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common shares may be affected by factors different from those affecting our financial condition, results of operations and trading price at the present time.

We are dependent on certain key personnel.  We are dependent on the services of Ian M. Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg, our Chairman of the Board and President, respectively.  Messrs. Cumming’s and Steinberg’s employment agreements with us expire
June 30, 2015.  These individuals are also significant shareholders of our Company.  As of February 16, 2010, Messrs. Cumming and Steinberg and trusts for the benefit of their respective families (excluding certain private charitable foundations) beneficially owned approximately 9.8% and 11.1% of our outstanding common shares, respectively.  Accordingly, Messrs. Cumming and Steinberg exert significant influence over all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the
election or removal of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions.

32

We operate in a variety of industries and market sectors, all of which are very competitive and susceptible to economic downturns and are adversely affected by the current recession.  A worsening of general economic or market conditions may result in lower valuations for
our businesses or investments or have a negative impact on the credit quality of our assets.  The current economic recession has adversely affected operating results in the manufacturing, telecommunications, oil and gas drilling services, property management and services, gaming entertainment and domestic real estate segments, which is likely to continue until the economy recovers.

Declines in the U.S. housing market have reduced revenues and profitability of the manufacturing businesses and may continue to do so.  Our manufacturing operations, in particular Idaho Timber, have generated significant revenues when the U.S. housing market was strong.  The
weak U.S. housing market during the last few years has resulted in fewer new housing starts, which has adversely impacted revenues and profitability at Idaho Timber.  Idaho Timber does not expect to return to prior levels of profitability until the U.S. housing market recovers.

The prices and availability of key raw materials affects the profitability of our manufacturing operations, and also impacts Sangart’s ability to conduct its clinical trials.  Although the Company’s operating subsidiaries are not currently experiencing any shortage
of raw materials, if the subsidiaries experience shortages, revenues and profitability of the manufacturing subsidiaries would decline.  Sangart has access to sufficient raw materials to conduct its clinical trials; however, it has not secured commitments for sufficient raw materials for a commercial launch, which would also require additional investments in manufacturing capacity.  In addition, the cost of the principal raw material used by Conwed Plastics, polypropylene, has increased by
approximately 42% from 2002, principally driven by the volatility of oil and natural gas prices.

Pricing on STi Prepaid’s prepaid phone card business is highly sensitive to price declines and subject to intense competition.  We believe in some instances our competitors offer or appear to offer rates to consumers that are below their cost in order to gain market
share.  In addition, the emergence of competition using voice over internet protocol has further increased competition and reduced prices.   The impact of lower pricing and new competitors has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our revenues and profits.

STi Prepaid primarily relies on independent distributors to generate revenues, who may not devote sufficient efforts to promote and sell our products rather than the products of our competitors.  STi Prepaid primarily relies on independent distributors to generate revenues.  Should
distributors promote other products at the expense of STi Prepaid’s products, revenues and profitability would decline.

ResortQuest’s vacation rental management services revenues have been adversely impacted by current economic conditions and its real estate brokerage revenues have declined as a result of the depressed real estate development market.  Poor general economic conditions
have caused a decrease in ResortQuest’s advance reservations, as its customers reduce amounts spent on discretionary items.  ResortQuest has had to provide discounts to customers and has exited certain unprofitable locations.  Its real estate brokerage business has experienced significant declines in revenues, which reflect the depressed real estate market.  Until general economic conditions and the real estate market improve, ResortQuest could continue to experience declines
in revenues and profitability.

The Hard Rock Biloxi is dependent upon patronage of persons living in the Gulf Coast region. The Hard Rock Biloxi
 primarily seeks to attract patrons from its local geographic area.  Downturns
in local and regional economic conditions, an increase in competition in the surrounding area and interruptions caused by hurricanes could negatively impact operating results.   

33

Increases in mortgage interest rate levels, the lack of available consumer credit and the depressed real estate market have reduced and may continue to reduce consumer demand for certain of our real estate development projects and result in impairment charges.  Due to current
depressed economic conditions in the national real estate market, most of the Company’s real estate development projects are not being marketed for sale.  If the Company begins to market its development projects in the future, the ability to successfully attract customers will be highly dependent upon consumers’ ability to finance real estate purchases with affordable loans.  If the Company is unable to realize its projected cash flows for its development projects, impairment charges
are likely.

Sangart is subject to extensive government regulation, cannot generate any revenue without regulatory approval of its products and is also subject to all of the risks inherent in establishing a new business.  The Company has invested approximately $146,200,000 in Sangart,
principally to help fund Sangart’s product development activities.  While these funds are generally expensed by Sangart when spent, the Company cannot be assured that it will ever receive a return on its investment due to the risky nature of Sangart’s development activities.  Clinical trials of Sangart’s product candidates are not complete, the products have not been approved for sale by regulatory authorities and there is a risk that its products may never prove effective
or be approved.

There are other companies developing products for the same market that Sangart is targeting, and if they are successful in bringing their product to market before Sangart it may significantly impair Sangart’s ability to compete in the same market segment.  Even if
Sangart is successful in obtaining regulatory approval to sell its products, competitors may receive approval prior to Sangart and/or have more effective products which could reduce demand for Sangart’s products.

Sangart’s success depends on its ability to obtain, maintain and defend patent protection for its products and technologies, preserve trade secrets and operate without infringing the intellectual property rights of others.  The patent positions of biopharmaceutical companies,
such as Sangart, are generally uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions.  If Sangart’s intellectual property positions are challenged, invalidated, circumvented or expire, or if Sangart fails to maintain its third-party intellectual property licenses in good standing, its ability to successfully bring MP4 products to market would be adversely affected, it could incur monetary liabilities or be required to cease using the technology or product in dispute.

Sangart will require significant additional funding for product development and clinical trial activities prior to regulatory approval and commercial launch; the source of such funding has not been identified.  Sangart’s existing cash reserves are expected to be sufficient
to fund activities into the third quarter of 2010.   Sangart has had discussions with third-party investors; however, no agreements have been reached and if such agreements are entered into it would likely result in significant dilution of the Company’s interest.  The Company has not determined if it will provide additional funds to Sangart.  If Sangart is not provided with additional funds from either the Company or other sources when needed, it is unlikely that the Company
will ever realize a full return of its invested capital.

Keen’s revenues and profitability are impacted by natural gas supplies and prices and the supply of drilling rigs in the marketplace.   During periods of decreased demand for natural gas, Keen’s rig utilization will decline and its competitors may also have
excess capacity in the marketplace, which adversely impacts Keen’s revenues and profitability.  Although there has been recent improvement in natural gas prices, Keen’s profitability will not significantly improve without increased natural gas demand to sustain the rise in natural gas prices.  Increased industrial demand for natural gas, which is tied to achieving economic recovery, is required to significantly improve demand.

34

The lack of liquidity in the capital markets has and could continue to adversely affect exploration, production and development activities of Keen’s customers, which causes a reduction in Keen’s rig utilization and profitability.  The combination of low oil and
natural gas prices and the lack of liquidity in the capital markets has forced Keen’s customers to reduce drilling programs, impaired their ability to sustain their current level of operations and could adversely impact their ability to meet their cash obligations.  In addition to reduced rig utilization and profitability, which could result in impairment charges for certain rigs, the difficulties being experienced by Keen’s customers could increase Keen’s bad debt expense.

The nature of Keen’s operating activities can be hazardous, and accidents can cause personal injury or death, damage to Keen’s equipment and/or environmental damage.   These hazards are inherent in the contract drilling business, and if Keen is not fully
protected through insurance coverage or indemnification from its customers any such accidents could adversely impact Keen’s profitability.  Keen maintains insurance coverage and has indemnification agreements with many of its customers; however, there is no assurance that such insurance or indemnification agreements would adequately protect Keen against liability or loss from all consequences of any accidents.  Additionally, there can be no assurance that adequate insurance can be purchased
economically.

New technologies could cause Keen’s drilling equipment and methods to become less competitive, resulting in reduced profitability or a requirement to make significant capital investments to remain competitive.  Improvements in drilling technology could cause Keen to
become less competitive, lose business, suffer reduced profitability or result in impairment charges to its drilling equipment.

When drilling pursuant to footage or turnkey contracts, Keen could incur unexpected cost overruns which could negatively impact Keen’s profitability.  Keen typically provides contract drilling services under daywork contracts under which Keen’s customers assume
most of the risks associated with drilling operations.  If Keen enters footage or turnkey contracts, Keen is paid a fixed amount, regardless of the time required or operational problems encountered. Keen typically pays more of the out-of-pocket operating costs on a footage or turnkey contract versus daywork contract.

If Berkadia does not maintain certain specified ratings from the credit rating agencies it could lose its mortgage servicing rights.  Berkadia is required to maintain specified ratings from the credit rating agencies, and failure to do so would give its customers the right
to terminate their mortgage servicing agreements.  If mortgage servicing agreements were terminated as a result of a credit ratings downgrade, the Company could lose its entire equity investment and may be exposed to loss for some or all of its guaranty on the Berkshire credit facility.

When Berkadia originates loans for Fannie Mae, it is often required to share in the losses on such loans, which could be in excess of reserved amounts.  Berkadia carries a reserve on its balance sheet for contingent losses on loans originated for Fannie Mae that have loss
sharing requirements.  If actual losses exceed amounts reserved, Berkadia’s profitability will be reduced.

35

The loss of or changes in Berkadia’s relationships with U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises (“GSEs”) and federal agencies would have an adverse effect on Berkadia’s business.  Berkadia’s status as an approved seller/servicer for Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac and its status as an FHA-approved mortgagee and issuer of Ginnie Mae mortgage-backed securities afford Berkadia a number of advantages.  Berkadia’s failure to comply with the applicable GSE or agency standards (financial and otherwise) may result in its termination as an approved seller/servicer, mortgagee or issuer.  The loss of any such status could have a material adverse impact on Berkadia’s results of operations, could result in a loss of similar approvals
from other GSEs or federal agencies and could have other adverse consequences to the business.  Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac retain broad discretion to terminate Berkadia as a seller/servicer without cause upon notice.

Changes in existing government-sponsored and federal mortgage programs could negatively affect Berkadia’s business.  Berkadia’s ability to generate income through mortgage sales to institutional investors depends in part on programs sponsored by Fannie Mae, Freddie
Mac and the FHA, which facilitate the issuance of mortgage-backed securities in the secondary market.  These programs have been reduced in recent periods due to current economic conditions.  Any discontinuation of, or significant reduction in, the operation of those programs could have a material adverse effect on Berkadia’s loan origination and servicing business and results of operations.  Also, any significant adverse change in the level of activity in the secondary market
or the underwriting criteria of these entities could negatively impact Berkadia’s results of operations and cash flow.

Berkadia’s business is significantly affected by general economic conditions, particularly in the commercial real estate industry, and could be harmed in the event of a continued prolonged economic slowdown or recession or a market downturn or disruption.  Berkadia’s
business and earnings are sensitive to changes in government policies and regulations, changes in interest rates, inflation, deflation, oversupply of real estate properties, fluctuations in the real estate and debt capital markets and developments in national and local economies.  Unfavorable economic conditions could have an adverse effect on Berkadia’s business, including decreasing the demand for new loans and the servicing of loans originated by third parties.

The Company has a substantial investment in Jefferies, an investment banking and securities firm whose operating results are greatly affected by the economy and financial markets.  Although Jefferies’ operating results showed great improvement in 2009, during 2008,
turmoil in the equity and credit markets had an adverse effect on the volume and size of transactions Jefferies executed for its customers, resulting in reduced revenues and profitability in its investment banking, asset management and trading activities, as well as losses in its principal trading activities.  Future declines in Jefferies operating results caused by these or other conditions could adversely affect the value of the Company’s investment.

The Company has a substantial investment in ACF, a company that purchases automobile loans made to sub-prime and other borrowers, whose operating results are greatly affected by the economy and financial markets.  If ACF’s loan losses increase as its borrowers
experience economic hardships, or if its ability to acquire new loans and grow its business is impaired, particularly due to the turmoil in the credit markets that ACF needs to access to fund its operating activities, its revenues and profits would decline, adversely affecting the value of the Company’s investment.

From time to time the Company may invest in illiquid securities that are subject to standstill agreements or otherwise restricted.  The Company’s investment in ACF is subject to a standstill agreement that expires in March 2010, and the Company’s investment in
Jefferies is subject to a standstill agreement that expires in April 2010.  Should the Company need to generate liquidity quickly, the standstill agreements would limit the Company’s ability to dispose of these investments while the agreements are effective.

36

The Company has significant investments in publicly traded securities and in entities that invest in publicly traded securities, and changes in the market prices of these securities, particularly during times of increased volatility in security prices, can have a material impact on the Company’s
investment portfolio, equity and, for certain investments, on results of operations.  The Company has significant investments in publicly traded securities (principally Fortescue, Jefferies, ACF and Inmet) and in investment partnerships or other entities that invest in publicly traded securities (including JHYH).  Changes in the market values of publicly traded available for sale securities, such as Fortescue and Inmet, are reflected in other comprehensive income (loss) and equity but
not in the consolidated statement of operations.  However, changes in the market prices of investments for which the Company has elected the fair value option (Jefferies and ACF), and declines in the fair values of public and non-public securities that the Company deems to be other than temporary are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations and equity.  Profits or losses related to the Company’s share of its investments in investment partnerships or other entities that
are accounted for under the equity method of accounting are reflected in the consolidated statement of operations.  Changes in market values of these entities’ investments are reflected in their earnings, which increases the Company’s exposure to volatility in the public securities markets.  Global securities markets have been highly volatile, and continued volatility may have a material negative impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position and results of operations.

Current economic conditions have adversely affected most of the Company’s operations and investments.  A worsening of current economic conditions or a prolonged recession could cause a decline in estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by certain of the Company’s
operations and investments, potentially resulting in impairment charges for long-lived assets.  Certain of the Company’s operating businesses and investments have significant investments in long-lived assets, in particular manufacturing, oil and gas drilling services and gaming entertainment.  Current economic conditions have resulted in declining revenues for these operations and their property and equipment is not being fully utilized.  The Company has reviewed certain
of these assets and investments for potential impairment, and except as otherwise disclosed has concluded that the book values of these long-lived assets are recoverable.  If the operating revenues of these businesses deteriorate in the future, and/or the Company lowers its estimates of future cash flows, impairment charges might have to be recorded.

The Company has incurred costs to investigate and evaluate the development of a number of large scale energy projects; however, development of these projects is subject to obtaining significant third-party debt and equity financing and regulatory approvals.  Although the
Company has spent material amounts in the investigation of large scale energy projects, it will not be able to develop these projects without financing from other sources and various regulatory approvals.  The timing of the commencement of construction of any project is also dependent upon the receipt of financing and regulatory approvals.  If the Company is unable to obtain such financing or approvals, it will not be able to recover its investment.

The Company has substantial investments in Fortescue, Inmet and CLC, entities which are engaged in the mining of base metals (principally iron ore and copper), the prices of which have been volatile and can reduce the value of the Company’s investments.  The value
of the Company’s investment in the base mining sector rise and fall with the changes in the underlying base metal prices.  In addition, mining operations are often subject to delay and regulatory scrutiny, which can increase costs or delay bringing mines into full production.  Pricing changes and mining delays have a direct impact on the value of the Company’s investments, and could adversely impact results of operations and equity.

37

We could experience significant increases in operating costs and reduced profitability due to competition for skilled management and staff employees in our operating businesses.  The Company competes with many other entities for skilled management and staff employees, including
entities that operate in different market sectors than the Company.  Costs to recruit and retain adequate personnel could adversely affect results of operations.

From time to time we are subject to litigation, for which we may be unable to accurately assess our level of exposure and which if adversely determined, may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  The Company and
its subsidiaries are or may become parties to legal proceedings that are considered to be either ordinary, routine litigation incidental to their business or not material to the Company’s consolidated financial position or liquidity.  However, adverse determinations in specific legal matters could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations.

We may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to fully utilize our NOLs.  At December 31, 2009, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against substantially all of the net deferred tax asset due to the uncertainty about its ability to generate future taxable
income to utilize that asset.

We may not be able to insure certain risks economically.  We cannot be certain that we will be able to insure all risks that we desire to insure economically or that all of our insurers or reinsurers will be financially viable if we make a claim.  If an uninsured
loss or a loss in excess of insured limits should occur, or if the Company is required to pay a deductible for an insured loss, results of operations could be adversely affected.  Premier has been severely damaged by hurricanes in the past, and it is possible that storms could cause significant damage in the future.  Damages from storms could result in Premier closing its facility to make repairs, resulting in lost business and adversely affecting results of operations.

We did not pay dividends on our common shares in 2009 or 2008 and the payment of dividends in the future is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors.

Our common shares are subject to transfer restrictions.  We and certain of our subsidiaries have significant NOLs and other tax attributes, the amount and availability of which are subject to certain qualifications, limitations and uncertainties.  In order to reduce
the possibility that certain changes in ownership could result in limitations on the use of the tax attributes, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that generally restrict the ability of a person or entity from acquiring ownership (including through attribution under the tax law) of 5% or more of our common shares and the ability of persons or entities now owning 5% or more of our common shares from acquiring additional common shares.  The restriction will remain until the earliest
of (a) December 31, 2024, (b) the repeal of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (or any comparable successor provision) and (c) the beginning of our taxable year to which these tax attributes may no longer be carried forward. The restriction may be waived by our Board of Directors.  Shareholders are advised to carefully monitor their ownership of our common shares and consult their own legal advisors and/or us to determine whether their ownership of our common shares approaches the proscribed level.

38