.

Our business is subject to a number of risks.  You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Report, before you decide whether to purchase our common stock.  The risks set out below are not the only risks we face.  If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Future acquisitions and dispositions of our operations and investments are possible, changing the components of our assets and liabilities, and if unsuccessful could reduce the value of our common shares.  Any future acquisitions or dispositions may result in significant changes in the composition of our assets and liabilities. Consequently, our financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common shares may be affected by factors different from those affecting our financial condition, results of operations and trading price at the present time.

We are dependent on certain key personnel.  We are dependent on the services of Ian M. Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg, our Chairman of the Board and President, respectively.  Messrs. Cumming’s and Steinberg’s employment agreements with us expire June 30, 2015.  These individuals are also significant shareholders of our Company.  As of February 17, 2011, Messrs. Cumming and Steinberg and trusts for the benefit of their respective families (excluding certain private charitable foundations) beneficially owned approximately 9.7% and 10.8% of our outstanding common shares, respectively.  Accordingly, Messrs. Cumming and Steinberg exert significant influence over all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election or removal of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions.

We operate in a variety of industries and market sectors, all of which are very competitive and susceptible to economic downturns and have been adversely affected by recent economic conditions.  Starting in 2008, the recession and general economic conditions have adversely affected operating results in the manufacturing, oil and gas drilling services, gaming entertainment and domestic real estate segments, which is likely to continue until the economy recovers.  The performance of these business units during this period has resulted in a lower valuation for these businesses, and a worsening of general economic or market conditions could result in a further deterioration in the values of our businesses or investments.

Declines in the U.S. housing market have reduced revenues and profitability of the manufacturing businesses and may continue to do so.  Our manufacturing operations, in particular Idaho Timber, have generated significant revenues when the U.S. housing market was strong.  The weak U.S. housing market during the last few years has resulted in fewer new housing starts, which has adversely impacted revenues and profitability at Idaho Timber.  Idaho Timber does not expect to return to prior levels of profitability until the U.S. housing market recovers.

The prices and availability of key raw materials affects the profitability of our manufacturing operations, and also impacts Sangart’s ability to conduct its clinical trials.  Although the Company’s operating subsidiaries are not currently experiencing any shortage of raw materials, if the subsidiaries experience shortages, revenues and profitability of the manufacturing subsidiaries would decline.  Sangart has access to sufficient raw materials to conduct its clinical trials; however, it has not secured commitments for sufficient raw materials for a commercial launch, which would also require additional investments in manufacturing capacity.  In addition, the cost of polypropylene, the principal raw material used by Conwed Plastics, has increased by approximately 146% from 2002.  The price of polypropylene has historically fluctuated with the price of oil and natural gas but growing economies in China and India have resulted in increased demand and impacted prices.

25

Keen’s revenues and profitability are impacted by natural gas and oil supplies and prices and the supply of drilling rigs in the marketplace.   During periods of decreased demand for natural gas and oil, Keen’s rig utilization will decline and Keen’s competitors may also have excess capacity in the marketplace, which adversely impacts Keen’s revenues and profitability.

The lack of liquidity in the capital markets could adversely affect exploration, production and development activities of Keen’s customers, which could cause a reduction in Keen’s rig utilization and profitability.  The combination of low natural gas prices, the volatility and level of oil prices and the lack of liquidity in the capital markets could force Keen’s customers to reduce drilling programs, impair their ability to sustain their current level of operations and could adversely impact their ability to meet their cash obligations.  In addition to reduced rig utilization and profitability, which could result in impairment charges for certain rigs, difficulties experienced by Keen’s customers could increase Keen’s bad debt expense.

The nature of Keen’s operating activities can be hazardous, and accidents can cause personal injury or death, damage to Keen’s equipment and/or environmental damage.  These hazards are inherent in the contract drilling business, and if Keen is not fully protected through insurance coverage or indemnification from its customers any such accidents could adversely impact Keen’s profitability.  Keen maintains insurance coverage and has indemnification agreements with many of its customers; however, there is no assurance that such insurance or indemnification agreements would adequately protect Keen against liability or loss from all consequences of any accidents.  Additionally, Keen may not be able to purchase insurance economically.

New technologies could cause Keen’s drilling equipment and methods to become less competitive, resulting in reduced profitability or a requirement to make significant capital investments to remain competitive.  Improvements in drilling technology could cause Keen to become less competitive, lose business, suffer reduced profitability or result in impairment charges with respect to its drilling equipment.

When drilling pursuant to footage or turnkey contracts, Keen could incur unexpected cost overruns which could negatively impact Keen’s profitability.  Keen typically provides contract drilling services under daywork contracts under which Keen’s customers assume most of the risks associated with drilling operations.  If Keen enters footage or turnkey contracts, Keen is paid a fixed amount, regardless of the time required or operational problems encountered.  Keen typically pays more of the out-of-pocket operating costs on a footage or turnkey contract versus daywork contract.

The Hard Rock Biloxi is dependent upon patronage of persons living in the Gulf Coast region. The Hard Rock Biloxi
 primarily seeks to attract patrons from its local geographic area.  Downturns in local and regional economic conditions, an increase in competition in the surrounding area and interruptions caused by hurricanes could negatively impact operating results.

We may not be able to insure certain risks economically.  We cannot be certain that we will be able to insure all risks that we desire to insure economically or that all of our insurers or reinsurers will be financially viable if we make a claim.  If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits should occur, or if the Company is required to pay a deductible for an insured loss, results of operations could be adversely affected.  Premier has been severely damaged by hurricanes in the past, and it is possible that storms could cause significant damage in the future.  Damages from storms could result in Premier closing its facility to make repairs, resulting in lost business and adversely affecting results of operations.

Increases in mortgage interest rate levels, the lack of available consumer credit and the depressed real estate market have reduced and may continue to reduce consumer demand for certain of our real estate development projects and result in impairment charges.  Due to current depressed economic conditions in the national real estate market, most of the Company’s real estate development projects are not being marketed for sale.  If the Company begins to market its development projects in the future, the ability to successfully attract customers will be highly dependent upon consumers’ ability to finance real estate purchases with affordable loans.  If the Company is unable to realize its projected cash flows for its development projects, impairment charges are likely.

26

Sangart is subject to extensive government regulation, cannot generate any revenue without regulatory approval of its products and is also subject to all of the risks inherent in establishing a new business.  The Company has invested approximately $161,500,000 in Sangart, principally to help fund Sangart’s product development activities.  While these funds are generally expensed by Sangart when spent, the Company cannot be assured that it will ever receive a return on its investment due to the risky nature of Sangart’s development activities.  Clinical trials of Sangart’s product candidates are not complete, the products have not been approved for sale by regulatory authorities and there is a risk that its products may never prove effective or be approved.

There are other companies developing products for the same market that Sangart is targeting, and if they are successful in bringing their product to market before Sangart it may significantly impair Sangart’s ability to compete in the same market segment.  Even if Sangart is successful in obtaining regulatory approval to sell its products, competitors may receive approval prior to Sangart and/or have more effective products which could reduce demand for Sangart’s products.

Sangart’s success depends on its ability to obtain, maintain and defend patent protection for its products and technologies, preserve trade secrets and operate without infringing on the intellectual property rights of others.  The patent positions of biopharmaceutical companies, such as Sangart, are generally uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions.  If Sangart’s intellectual property positions are challenged, invalidated, circumvented or expire, or if Sangart fails to maintain its third-party intellectual property licenses in good standing, its ability to successfully bring MP4 products to market would be adversely affected, it could incur monetary liabilities or be required to cease using the technology or product in dispute.

Sangart will require significant additional funding for product development and clinical trial activities prior to regulatory approval and commercial launch; the source of such funding has not been identified.  The Company expects to provide Sangart with sufficient capital through the end of 2011.   Sangart has had discussions with third-party investors; however, no agreements have been reached and if such agreements are entered into it would likely result in significant dilution of the Company’s interest.  The Company has not determined whether it will continue to provide funds to Sangart and if so how much it will provide.  If Sangart is not provided with additional funds from either the Company or other sources when needed, it is unlikely that the Company will ever realize any significant return of its invested capital.

The Company has incurred costs to investigate and evaluate the development of a number of large scale energy projects; however, development of these projects is subject to obtaining significant third-party debt and equity financing, regulatory approvals, the procurement of purchase commitments for long-term supplies of feedstock and securing long-term commitments from purchasers of the output.  Although the Company has spent material amounts in the investigation of large scale energy projects, it will not be able to develop these projects without financing from other sources, various regulatory approvals and commitments from third-parties.  The timing of the commencement of construction of any project is also dependent upon the receipt of financing and regulatory approvals.  If the Company is unable to obtain such financing, approvals or commitments, it will not be able to recover its investment.

If Berkadia does not maintain certain specified ratings from the credit rating agencies it could lose its mortgage servicing rights.  Berkadia is required to maintain specified ratings from the credit rating agencies, and failure to do so would give its customers the right to terminate their mortgage servicing agreements.  If mortgage servicing agreements were terminated as a result of a credit ratings downgrade, the Company could lose its entire equity investment and may be exposed to loss for some or all of its exposure on the Berkadia secured credit facility.

27

When Berkadia originates loans for Fannie Mae, it is often required to share in the losses on such loans, which could be in excess of reserved amounts.  Berkadia carries a reserve on its balance sheet for contingent losses on loans originated for Fannie Mae that have loss sharing requirements.  If actual losses exceed amounts reserved, Berkadia’s profitability and cash flows will be reduced.

The loss of or changes in Berkadia’s relationships with U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises and federal agencies would have an adverse effect on Berkadia’s business.  Berkadia’s status as an approved seller/servicer for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and its status as an FHA-approved mortgagee and issuer of Ginnie Mae mortgage-backed securities afford Berkadia a number of advantages.  Berkadia’s failure to comply with the applicable U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprise or agency standards (financial and otherwise) may result in its termination as an approved seller/servicer, mortgagee or issuer.  The loss of any such status could have a material adverse impact on Berkadia’s results of operations, could result in a loss of similar approvals from other U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises or federal agencies and could have other adverse consequences to the business.  Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac retain broad discretion to terminate Berkadia as a seller/servicer without cause upon notice.

Changes in existing government-sponsored and federal mortgage programs could negatively affect Berkadia’s business.  Berkadia’s ability to generate income through mortgage sales to institutional investors depends in part on programs sponsored by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the FHA, which facilitate the issuance of mortgage-backed securities in the secondary market.  These programs have been reduced in recent periods due to current economic conditions.  Any discontinuation of, or significant reduction in, the operation of those programs could have a material adverse effect on Berkadia’s loan origination and servicing business and results of operations.  Also, any significant adverse change in the level of activity in the secondary market or the underwriting criteria of these entities could negatively impact Berkadia’s results of operations and cash flows.

Berkadia’s special servicing and fee-for-service businesses may be terminated on short notice.  Special servicing for each CMBS transaction is usually controlled by the subordinated bond holder class of the securitization.  The owners of the subordinated bonds may change from time to time, and subordinated bond holders may replace Berkadia with a different special servicer.  Fee-for-service customers are permitted to terminate Berkadia on short notice, usually 30 days.  If Berkadia loses special servicing rights or is terminated by fee-for-service customers, it would negatively impact Berkadia’s results of operations and cash flows.

Proposed CMBS and Bridge loan programs will expose Berkadia to credit and interest rate risk that it is not subject to with its government agency lending programs.  Unlike its government agency lending programs, Berkadia cannot be assured it will be able to sell CMBS and Bridge loans at par value to a third-party without any exposure to credit or interest rate risk.  If for any reason Berkadia is unable to sell a CMBS loan into the securization market or refinance a Bridge loan, it will retain all risks associated with such loan for as long as it owns the loan.  Berkadia may be forced to sell such loans to a third party at a discount, which would reduce Berkadia’s profitability and cash flows.

Berkadia’s business is significantly affected by general economic conditions, particularly in the commercial real estate industry, and could be harmed in the event of a continued economic slowdown, prolonged recession or other market downturn or disruption.  Berkadia’s business and earnings are sensitive to changes in government policies and regulations, changes in interest rates, inflation, deflation, oversupply of real estate properties, fluctuations in the real estate and debt capital markets and developments in national and local economies.  Unfavorable economic conditions could have an adverse effect on Berkadia’s business, including decreasing the demand for new loans and the servicing of loans originated by third parties.

28

The Company has a substantial investment in Jefferies, an investment banking and securities firm whose operating results are greatly affected by the economy and financial markets.  Although Jefferies’ operating results showed great improvement during the last two years, during 2008, turmoil in the equity and credit markets had an adverse effect on the volume and size of transactions Jefferies executed for its customers, resulting in reduced revenues and profitability in its investment banking, asset management and trading activities, as well as losses in its principal trading activities.  Future declines in Jefferies operating results caused by these or other conditions could adversely affect the value of the Company’s investment.

New financial legislation could affect the market value of the Company’s investment in Jefferies.  Recently adopted legislation in the U.S. will result in more comprehensive regulation of the financial services industry.  Such regulation could have an adverse impact on the market value of the Company’s investment in Jefferies.

The Company has substantial investments in Fortescue and Inmet, entities which are engaged in the mining of base metals (principally iron ore and copper), the prices of which have been volatile and can reduce the value of the Company’s investments.  The value of the Company’s investment in the base metals mining sector rise and fall with the changes in the underlying base metal prices.  In addition, mining operations are often subject to delay and regulatory scrutiny, which can increase costs or delay bringing mines into full production.  Pricing changes and mining delays have a direct impact on the value of the Company’s investments, and could adversely impact results of operations and equity.

The value of the FMG Note could be materially reduced if the Company loses its litigation against Fortescue.  If the litigation is ultimately determined adversely to the Company and additional notes are issued, the Company’s future cash flows from the FMG Note and future results of operations would be materially and adversely affected to the extent of the dilution resulting from the issuance of such additional notes.  In addition, depending upon the extent of any such dilution, the Company might have to record an impairment charge for its prepaid mining interest.

A Minerals Resource Rent Tax was proposed in Australia that if enacted by the Australian legislature could adversely impact the value of the Company’s investment in Fortescue’s common shares.  Meetings between Australian government officials and mining companies in Australia are ongoing, and the initial proposal has changed and remains subject to further change.  When it was first proposed the extra tax burden did have an adverse impact on the market value of the Fortescue common shares held by the Company.  As currently proposed, the tax will not have any impact on the calculation of the interest payable on the FMG Note.  The Company’s investment in Fortescue’s common shares could decline if and when the tax is enacted, depending upon its final form.

Garcadia’s business is dependent, in part, upon revenue from new and used car sales at its dealerships, and declines in revenues due to industry or other factors could result in reduced profitability, reduced cash flows and/or impairment charges.  Garcadia has recorded impairment charges in the past, principally for goodwill and other intangible assets, and if the automobile industry experiences a downturn in the future additional impairment charges are likely.  In addition, reduced revenues would result in reduced profitability and cash flows for the Company.

From time to time the Company may invest in illiquid securities that are subject to standstill agreements or otherwise restricted.  From time to time the Company may invest in securities that are subject to restrictions which prohibit the Company from selling the securities for a period of time.  Currently, the Company’s investment in Inmet is subject to a voting and support agreement that prohibits the Company from selling its Inmet shares during the pendency of Inmet’s merger transaction with Lundin.  The voting and support agreement will terminate if the merger is not completed by June 30, 2011.  Should the Company need to generate liquidity quickly, the agreement would limit the Company’s ability to dispose of this investment while the agreement is effective.

29

The Company has significant investments in publicly traded securities and changes in the market prices of these securities, particularly during times of increased volatility in security prices, can have a material impact on the Company’s investment portfolio, equity and, for certain investments, on results of operations.  The Company has significant investments in publicly traded securities, principally Fortescue, Jefferies and Inmet, and in JHYH, an operating business that typically owns publicly traded securities.  Changes in the market values of publicly traded available for sale securities, such as Fortescue and Inmet, are reflected in other comprehensive income (loss) and equity but not in the consolidated statement of operations.  However, changes in the market value of Jefferies, for which the Company has elected the fair value option, declines in the fair values of equity securities that the Company deems to be other than temporary and declines in the fair values of debt securities related to credit losses are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations and equity.  The Company’s investment in JHYH is accounted for on the equity method of accounting for which the Company records its share of JHYH’s profits or losses in its consolidated statements of operations.  To the extent that JHYH owns public securities, with changes in market values reflected in its earnings, this increases the Company’s exposure to volatility in the public securities markets.  Global securities markets have been highly volatile, and continued volatility may have a material negative impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position and results of operations.

Changes in government tax policies in foreign or domestic jurisdictions where the Company has investments could have an adverse impact on the value of those investments.  The Company has significant investments in both domestic and foreign businesses, where local and national government tax policies in the jurisdictions where those businesses operate could have a material adverse impact on the value of those investments.  Government budget deficits may result in legislation to increase or add new taxes on businesses, in particular the domestic financial services and foreign mining sectors.  The Company has equity investments and/or loans to businesses operating in those sectors, and the announcement of unfavorable taxation policy or regulation for those businesses has had and could continue to have an adverse impact on the values of those investments, and reduce cash flows to the Company.

Current economic conditions have adversely affected most of the Company’s operations and investments.  A worsening of current economic conditions or a prolonged recession could cause a decline in estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by certain of the Company’s operations and investments, potentially resulting in impairment charges for long-lived assets.  Certain of the Company’s operating businesses and investments have significant investments in long-lived assets, in particular manufacturing, oil and gas drilling services and gaming entertainment.  Current economic conditions have resulted in declining revenues for these operations and their property and equipment is not being fully utilized.  As required, the Company will review certain of these assets and investments for potential impairment, and except as otherwise disclosed has not concluded that the book values of these long-lived assets are not recoverable.  If the operating revenues of these businesses deteriorate in the future, and/or the Company lowers its estimates of future cash flows, impairment charges might have to be recorded.

We could experience significant increases in operating costs and reduced profitability due to competition for skilled management and staff employees in our operating businesses.  The Company competes with many other entities for skilled management and staff employees, including entities that operate in different market sectors than the Company.  Costs to recruit and retain adequate personnel could adversely affect results of operations.

From time to time we are subject to litigation, for which we may be unable to accurately assess our level of exposure and which if adversely determined, may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  The Company and its subsidiaries are or may become parties to legal proceedings that are considered to be either ordinary, routine litigation incidental to their business or not material to the Company’s consolidated financial position or liquidity.  However, adverse determinations in specific legal matters could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations.

30

We may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to fully realize our deferred tax asset.  At December 31, 2010, we have recognized a net deferred tax asset of $1,175,600,000.  If we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income, we will not be able to fully realize the recorded amount of the net deferred tax asset, or if we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of our NOLs, the NOLs would expire unused.  The Company’s projections of future taxable income required to fully realize the recorded amount of the net deferred tax asset reflect numerous assumptions about our operating businesses and investments, and are subject to change as conditions change specific to our business units, investments or general economic conditions.  Changes that are adverse to the Company could result in the need to increase the deferred tax asset valuation allowance resulting in a charge to results of operations and a decrease to total stockholders’ equity.

The payment of dividends in the future is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors.  Although the Company paid a dividend in 2010, it did not pay any dividend in 2009 or 2008.  The Company does not have a regular dividend policy and any dividends actually paid are determined each year by the Board of Directors.

Our common shares are subject to transfer restrictions.  We and certain of our subsidiaries have significant NOLs and other tax attributes, the amount and availability of which are subject to certain qualifications, limitations and uncertainties.  In order to reduce the possibility that certain changes in ownership could result in limitations on the use of the tax attributes, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that generally restrict the ability of a person or entity from acquiring ownership (including through attribution under the tax law) of 5% or more of our common shares and the ability of persons or entities now owning 5% or more of our common shares from acquiring additional common shares.  The restriction will remain until the earliest of (a) December 31, 2024, (b) the repeal of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (or any comparable successor provision) and (c) the beginning of a taxable year to which these tax benefits may no longer be carried forward.  The restriction may be waived by our Board of Directors.  Shareholders are advised to carefully monitor their ownership of our common shares and consult their own legal advisors and/or us to determine whether their ownership of our common shares approaches the proscribed level.