Janus' revenues and profits are dependent on the value, composition and relative investment performance of its investment
products.

Any
decrease in the value or amount of assets under management will cause a decline in revenues and operating results. Assets under management may decline for various reasons, many of which are not
under Janus' control. 

6

Factors
that could cause assets under management and revenues to decline include the following: 

•

Declines in equity markets.

  Janus' assets under management are concentrated in the U.S. equity markets and, to a
lesser extent, in the international equity markets. As such, declines in the equity markets or the market segments in which Janus' investment products are concentrated will cause assets under
management to decrease.

•

Declines in fixed income markets.

  In the case of fixed income investment products, which invest in
high-quality short-term instruments, as well as other fixed income securities, the value of the assets may decline as a result of changes in interest rates, available liquidity
in the markets in which a security trades, an issuer's actual or perceived creditworthiness or an issuer's ability to meet its obligations.

•

Redemptions and other withdrawals.

  Investors (in response to adverse market conditions, inconsistent investment
performance, the pursuit of other investment opportunities, or otherwise) may reduce their investments in specific Janus investment products or in the market segments in which Janus' investment
products are concentrated.

•

Political and general economic risks.

  The investment products managed by Janus may invest significant funds in
international markets that are subject to risk of loss from political or diplomatic developments, government policies, civil unrest, currency fluctuations and changes in legislation related to foreign
ownership. International markets, particularly emerging markets, are often smaller, may not have the liquidity of established markets, may lack established regulations and may experience significantly
more volatility than established markets.

•

Relative investment performance.

  Janus' investment products are often judged on their performance as compared to
benchmark indices, peer groups or on an absolute return basis. Any period of prolonged underperformance of investment products may result in the loss of existing assets and impact Janus' ability to
attract new assets. In addition, approximately 16% of the Company's assets under management at December 31, 2007, are subject to performance fees. Performance fees are based on each product's
investment performance as compared to an established benchmark index over a specified period of time. If investment products subject to performance fees underperform their
respective benchmark index for a prolonged period, Janus' results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

Janus' results are dependent on its ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

The investment management business is highly dependent on the ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled, and often highly specialized, technical, executive, sales
and investment management personnel. The market for investment and sales professionals is extremely competitive and is increasingly characterized by the frequent movement of portfolio managers,
analysts and salespersons among different firms. Any cost-reduction initiative, changes to management structure, shifts in corporate culture, changes to corporate governance authority, or
adjustments or reductions to compensation have and could continue to result in legal claims and could impact Janus' ability to retain key personnel. If Janus is unable to retain key personnel, it
could have an adverse effect on Janus' results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, portfolio managers and salespersons often maintain relationships with their clients. As such, the
departure of a portfolio manager or salesperson may cause the loss of clients, which could have an adverse effect on Janus' results of operations and financial condition. 

Janus is dependent upon third-party distribution channels to access clients and potential clients. 

Janus' ability to market and distribute its investment products is significantly dependent on access to the client base of insurance companies, defined contribution plan
administrators, securities firms, 

7

broker-dealers,
banks and other distribution channels. These companies generally offer their clients various investment products in addition to, and in competition with, Janus. Further, the private
account business uses referrals from financial planners, investment advisers and other professionals. Janus cannot be certain that it will continue to have access to these third-party distribution
channels or have an opportunity to offer some or all of its investment products through these channels. The inability to access clients through third-party distribution channels could have a material
adverse effect on Janus' ability to maintain or increase assets under management, its financial condition, results of operations or business prospects. 

INTECH's investment process is highly dependent on key employees and proprietary software. 

Over the last several years, INTECH has become a more significant part of Janus' investment management business, representing 34% of total assets under management as of
December 31, 2007, and 21% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2007. INTECH's investment process is based on complex and proprietary mathematical models, which seek to
outperform various indices by capitalizing on the volatility in stock price movements while controlling trading costs and overall risk relative to the index. The maintenance of such models for current
products and the development of new products are highly dependent on certain key INTECH employees. If INTECH is unable to retain key personnel or if the mathematical investment strategies fail to
produce the intended results, INTECH may not be able to maintain the historical level of strong investment performance and clients may redeem assets, which could have an adverse effect on Janus'
results of operations and financial condition. 

The regulatory environment in which Janus operates has changed and may continue to change. 

Janus may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations.
Compliance with these and other new reporting and operational requirements and regulations has increased significantly and may continue to increase the cost of operating mutual funds and related
investment products, which could have an adverse effect on Janus' results of operations and financial condition. (See Item 1, Business — Regulation). 

Janus is named as a defendant in class action lawsuits and other litigation. 

Janus, certain of the Janus funds, and certain (past and present) officers of Janus are named as defendants in class action lawsuits and other litigation (See Item 8,
Note 16). These lawsuits seek unspecified compensatory and punitive damages. Janus is unable to estimate the range of potential losses that would be incurred if the plaintiffs in any of these
actions were to prevail, or to determine the total potential effect that they may have on Janus' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Any settlement or judgment on the merits of
these actions could have a material adverse effect on Janus' liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 

Janus' business is vulnerable to failures in support systems and customer service functions. 

The ability to consistently and reliably obtain securities pricing information, process shareowner transactions and provide reports and other customer service to the
shareowners of funds and other investment products managed by Janus is essential to Janus' operations. Any delays or inaccuracies in obtaining pricing information, Janus' ability to price illiquid or
thinly traded securities without readily obtainable market quotes, processing shareowner transactions or providing reports, and any inadequacies in other customer service could alienate customers and
potentially give rise to claims against Janus. Janus' customer service capabilities as well as Janus' ability to obtain prompt and accurate securities pricing information and to process shareowner
transactions and reports, are dependent on communication and information systems and services provided by third-party vendors. 

8

Although
Janus has established disaster recovery plans, these systems could suffer failures or interruptions due to various natural or man-made causes, and the backup procedures and
capabilities may not be adequate to avoid extended interruptions. Additionally, Janus places significant reliance on its automated customer service systems, thereby increasing the related risks if
such systems were to fail. A failure of these systems could have an adverse effect on Janus' results of operations and financial condition. 

Janus' business is dependent on investment advisory agreements that are subject to termination, non-renewal or reductions in fees. 

Janus derives revenue and net income from investment advisory agreements with mutual funds and other investment products. The termination of, or failure to renew, one or more
of these agreements or the reduction of the fee rates applicable to such agreements could have a material adverse effect on revenues and profits. With respect to investment advisory agreements with
mutual funds, these agreements may be terminated by either party with notice, or terminated in the event of an "assignment" (as defined in the 1940 Act), and must be approved and renewed annually by
the independent members of each fund's board of directors or trustees, or its shareowners, as required by law. In addition, the board of directors or trustees of certain funds and separate accounts
generally may terminate these investment advisory agreements upon written notice for any reason and without penalty. 

Janus' substantial indebtedness could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 

Janus has a significant amount of indebtedness which could limit its ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, stock repurchases,
acquisitions, debt service requirements or other purposes. It may also increase Janus' vulnerability to adverse economic, market and industry conditions, limit Janus' flexibility in planning for, or
reacting to, changes in business operations or to the asset management industry overall, and place Janus at a disadvantage in relation to competitors that have lower debt levels. Any or all of the
above events and/or factors could have an adverse effect on results of operations and financial condition. 

Janus may incur losses as a result of providing support to money market funds advised by the Company. 

Janus' money market funds (the "Funds") attempt to provide current income and limit exposure to losses by investing in high-quality, investment grade securities
with short-term durations. Adverse events or circumstances related to individual securities or the market in which the securities trade may cause
other-than-temporary declines in value. In these situations, Janus may elect to support its Funds in a variety of means, including but not limited to, purchasing securities
held by the Funds, reimbursing for any losses incurred or providing a letter of credit. Janus is not contractually or legally obligated to support the Funds. Janus has, however, provided financial
support in the past and may do so in the future. Any future support may have an adverse effect on results of operations and financial condition.