The volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets, and adverse changes in the global economy have and will continue to negatively impact JCG's results of
operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

The capital and credit markets have been experiencing volatility and disruption for more than 12 months. The decline in global market
conditions has, and may continue to result in, decreases in JCG's assets under management and revenues. Such declines have and are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on JCG's operating
results, financial condition, liquidity, credit ratings, ability to access its credit facility and capital markets. In addition, the deterioration in global market conditions may adversely impact
JCG's goodwill and intangible asset impairment analyses, and its ability to attract and retain key employees. Because JCG's cost structure includes fixed components, operating results will likely
decline at a higher rate than decreases in assets under management and revenues. 

 JCG's revenues and profits are dependent on the value, composition and relative investment performance of its investment products. 

Any decrease in the value or amount of assets under management will cause a decline in revenues and operating results. Assets under management may
decline for various reasons, many of which are not under JCG's control. 

Factors
that could cause assets under management and revenues to decline include the following: 

•

Declines in equity markets.

  JCG's assets under management
are concentrated in the U.S. equity markets and, to a lesser extent, in the international equity markets. As such, declines in the equity markets or the market segments in which JCG's investment
products are concentrated will cause assets under management to decrease. 

•

Declines in fixed income markets.

  In the case of fixed
income investment products, which invest in high-quality short-term instruments, as well as other fixed income securities, the value of the assets may decline as a result of
changes in interest rates, available liquidity in the markets in which a security trades, an issuer's actual or perceived creditworthiness, or an issuer's ability to meet its obligations. 

•

Redemptions and other withdrawals.

  Investors (in response
to adverse market conditions, inconsistent investment performance, the pursuit of other investment opportunities, or other factors) may reduce their investments in specific JCG investment products or
in the market segments in which JCG's investment products are concentrated. 

•

Political and general economic risks.

  The investment
products managed by JCG may invest significant funds in international markets that are subject to risk of loss from political or diplomatic developments, government policies, civil unrest, currency
fluctuations and changes in legislation related to foreign ownership. International markets, particularly emerging markets, are often smaller, may not have the liquidity of established markets, may
lack established regulations and may experience significantly more volatility than established markets. 

•

Relative investment performance.

  JCG's investment products
are often judged on their performance as compared to benchmark indices, peer groups or on an absolute return basis. Any period of prolonged underperformance of investment products may result in the
loss of existing assets and impact JCG's ability to attract new assets. In addition, approximately 18% of the Company's assets 

7

Table of Contents

under
management at December 31, 2008, are subject to performance fees, and more investment products may become subject to performance fees in the future. Performance fees are based on each
product's investment performance as compared to an established benchmark index over a specified period of time. If investment products subject to performance fees underperform their respective
benchmark index for a prolonged period, JCG's results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

 JCG's results are dependent on its ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

The investment management business is highly dependent on the ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled, and often highly specialized,
technical, executive, sales and investment management personnel. The market for investment and sales professionals is extremely competitive and is increasingly characterized by the frequent movement
of portfolio managers, analysts and salespersons among different firms. Any cost-reduction initiative, changes to management structure, shifts in corporate culture, changes to corporate
governance authority, or adjustments or reductions to compensation have and could continue to impact JCG's ability to retain key personnel and may result in additional legal claims. If JCG is unable
to retain key personnel, it could have an adverse effect on JCG's results of operations and financial condition. 

 JCG is dependent upon third-party distribution channels to access clients and potential clients. 

JCG's ability to market and distribute its investment products is significantly dependent on access to the client base of insurance companies,
defined contribution plan administrators, securities firms, broker-dealers, banks and other distribution channels. These companies generally offer their clients various investment products in addition
to, and in competition with, JCG. Further, the private account business uses referrals from financial planners, investment advisers and other professionals. JCG cannot be certain that it will continue
to have access to these third-party distribution channels or have an opportunity to offer some or all of its investment products through these channels. In addition, JCG's existing relationships with
third-party distributors and access to new distributors could be adversely impacted by recent consolidation within the financial services industry.
The impact of the consolidation is currently unknown, but may result in increased distribution costs, a reduction in the number of third parties distributing JCG's investment products or increased
competition to access third-party distribution channels. The inability to access clients through third-party distribution channels could have a material adverse effect on JCG's ability to maintain or
increase assets under management, its financial condition, results of operations or business prospects. 

 INTECH's investment process is highly dependent on key employees and proprietary software. 

INTECH's investment process is based on complex and proprietary mathematical models that seek to outperform various indices by capitalizing on the
volatility in stock price movements while controlling trading costs and overall risk relative to the index. The maintenance of such models for current products and the development of new products are
highly dependent on certain key INTECH employees. If INTECH is unable to retain key personnel or if the mathematical investment strategies fail to produce the intended results, INTECH may not be able
to maintain the historical level of strong investment performance and clients may redeem assets, which could have an adverse effect on JCG's results of operations and financial condition. 

 The regulatory environment in which JCG operates has changed and may continue to change. 

JCG may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing
laws and regulations. Compliance with these and other new reporting and operational requirements and regulations has increased significantly and may continue to increase the cost of operating mutual
funds and other investment products, which could 

8

Table of Contents

have
an adverse effect on JCG's results of operations and financial condition. (See Part I, Item 1, Business — Regulation.) 

 JCG's business is vulnerable to failures in support systems and customer service functions. 

The ability to consistently and reliably obtain securities pricing information, process shareowner transactions and provide reports and other
customer service to the
shareowners of funds and other investment products managed by JCG is essential to JCG's operations. Any delays or inaccuracies in obtaining pricing information, JCG's ability to price illiquid or
thinly traded securities without readily obtainable market quotes, processing shareowner transactions or providing reports, and any other inadequacies in other customer service functions could
alienate customers and potentially give rise to claims against JCG. JCG's customer service capabilities as well as JCG's ability to obtain prompt and accurate securities pricing information and to
process shareowner transactions and reports are dependent on communication and information systems and services provided by third-party vendors. 

Although
JCG has established disaster recovery plans, these systems could suffer failures or interruptions due to various natural or man-made causes, and the backup procedures and
capabilities may not be adequate to avoid extended interruptions. Additionally, JCG places significant reliance on its automated systems, thereby increasing the related risks if such systems were to
fail. A failure of these systems could have an adverse effect on JCG's results of operations and financial condition. 

 JCG's business is dependent on investment advisory agreements that are subject to termination, non-renewal or reductions in fees. 

JCG derives revenue and net income from investment advisory agreements with mutual funds and other investment products. The termination of, or
failure to renew, one or more of these agreements or the reduction of the fee rates applicable to such agreements could have a material adverse effect on revenues and profits. With respect to
investment advisory agreements with mutual funds, these agreements may be terminated by either party with notice, or terminated in the event of an "assignment" (as defined in the 1940 Act), and must
be approved and renewed annually by the independent members of each fund's board of directors or trustees, or its shareowners, as required by law. In addition, the board of directors or trustees of
certain funds and separate accounts generally may terminate these investment advisory agreements upon written notice for any reason and without penalty. 

 JCG's substantial indebtedness could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 

JCG has a significant amount of indebtedness which could limit its ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, debt servicing requirements or other purposes. In addition, debt servicing requirements will increase JCG's vulnerability to adverse economic, market and industry conditions; limit JCG's
flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in business operations or to the asset management industry overall; and place JCG at a disadvantage in relation to competitors that have lower debt
levels. In addition, all of JCG's outstanding debt is subject to an increase in interest rates in the event of a credit rating downgrade. Certain of JCG's indebtedness is also subject to repurchase at
101% of the principal balance if the Company experiences a change in control and the applicable notes are rated below
investment grade. (See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 11 — Debt.) Any or all of the above events and/or factors have and could
continue adversely affecting JCG's results of operations and financial condition. 

 JCG may incur losses as a result of providing support to money market funds advised by the Company. 

JCG's money market funds (the "Money Funds") attempt to provide current income and limit exposure to losses by investing in high-quality,
investment-grade securities with short-term durations. Adverse 

9

Table of Contents

events
or circumstances related to individual securities or the market in which the securities trade may cause other-than-temporary declines in value. In these situations, JCG
may elect to support the Money Funds in a variety of means, including but not limited to, purchasing securities held by the Money Funds, reimbursing for any losses incurred or providing a letter of
credit. JCG is not contractually or legally obligated to support the Money Funds. JCG has, however, provided financial support in the past and may do so in the future. 

 JCG is named as a defendant in class action lawsuits and other related litigation. 

JCG, certain of the Janus funds, and certain (past and present) officers of JCG are named as defendants in class action lawsuits and other
litigation. (See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 16 — Litigation, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.) These
lawsuits seek specified or unspecified compensatory and punitive damages. JCG is unable to estimate the range of potential losses that would be incurred if the plaintiffs in any of these actions were
to prevail, or to determine the total potential effect that they may have on JCG's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Any settlement or judgment on the merits of these actions
could have a material adverse effect on JCG's liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.