JCG's revenues and profits are primarily dependent on the value, composition and relative investment performance of its investment products. 

Any decrease in the value or amount of assets under management will cause a decline in revenues and operating results. Assets under management may
decline for various reasons, many of which are not under JCG's control. 

Factors
that could cause assets under management and revenues to decline include the following: 

•

Declines in financial markets.

  JCG's assets under
management are concentrated in the U.S. financial markets and, to a lesser extent, in the international financial markets. As such, declines in the financial markets or the market segments in which
JCG's investment products are concentrated will cause assets under management to decrease. 

•

Declines in fixed income markets.

  In the case of fixed
income investment products, which invest in high-quality short-term instruments as well as other fixed income securities, the value of the assets may decline as a result of
changes in interest rates, available liquidity in the markets in which a security trades, an issuer's actual or perceived creditworthiness, or an issuer's ability to meet its obligations. 

•

Redemptions and other withdrawals.

  Investors (in response
to adverse market conditions, inconsistent investment performance, the pursuit of other investment opportunities or other factors) may reduce their investments in specific JCG investment products or
in the market segments in which JCG's investment products are concentrated. 

•

Political and general economic risks.

  The investment
products managed by JCG may have significant investments in international markets that are subject to risk of loss from political or diplomatic developments, government policies, civil unrest,
currency fluctuations and changes in legislation related to foreign ownership. International markets, particularly emerging markets, are often smaller, may not have the liquidity of established
markets, may lack established regulations and may experience significantly more volatility than established markets. 

•

Relative investment performance.

  JCG's investment products
are often judged on their performance as compared to benchmark indices, peer groups or on an absolute return basis. Any period of underperformance of investment products may result in the loss of
existing assets and impact JCG's ability to attract new assets. In addition, approximately 19% of the Company's assets under 

7

Table of Contents

management
at December 31, 2009, are subject to performance fees. Pending mutual fund shareholder approval in 2010, additional mutual funds representing approximately 26% of assets under
management as of December 31, 2009, will become subject to performance fees. If approved, these mutual funds will become subject to performance fees over the next three years, with the first
fee recognized in 2011. Performance fees are based on each product's investment performance as compared to an established benchmark index over a specified period of time. If investment products
subject to performance fees underperform their respective benchmark index for a defined period, JCG's revenues and thus results of operations may be adversely impacted. In addition, performance fees
subject JCG's revenues to increased volatility. 

 JCG's results are dependent on its ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

The investment management business is highly dependent on the ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled, and often highly specialized,
technical, executive, sales and investment management personnel. The market for investment and sales professionals is extremely competitive and is increasingly characterized by the frequent movement
of portfolio managers, analysts and salespersons among different firms. Any cost-reduction initiative, changes to management structure, shifts in corporate culture, changes to corporate
governance authority, or adjustments or reductions to compensation could impact JCG's ability to retain key personnel and could result in legal claims. If JCG is unable to retain key personnel, it
could have an adverse effect on JCG's results of operations and financial condition. 

 JCG is dependent upon third-party distribution channels to access clients and potential clients. 

JCG's ability to market and distribute its investment products is significantly dependent on access to the client base of insurance companies,
defined contribution plan administrators, securities firms, broker-dealers, banks and other distribution channels. These companies generally offer their clients various investment products in addition
to, and in competition with, JCG. Further, the private account business uses referrals from financial planners, investment advisers and other professionals. JCG cannot be certain that it will continue
to have access to these third-party
distribution channels or have an opportunity to offer some or all of its investment products through these channels. In addition, JCG's existing relationships with third-party distributors and access
to new distributors could be adversely impacted by recent consolidation within the financial services industry. Consolidation may result in increased distribution costs, a reduction in the number of
third parties distributing JCG's investment products or increased competition to access third-party distribution channels. The inability to access clients through third-party distribution channels
could have a material adverse effect on JCG's ability to maintain or increase assets under management, its financial condition, results of operations or business prospects. 

 INTECH's investment process is highly dependent on key employees and proprietary software. 

INTECH's investment process is based on complex and proprietary mathematical models that seek to outperform various indices by capitalizing on the
volatility in stock price movements while controlling trading costs and overall risk relative to the index. The maintenance of such models for current products and the development of new products are
highly dependent on certain key INTECH employees. If INTECH is unable to retain key personnel or if the mathematical investment strategies fail to produce the intended results, INTECH may not be able
to maintain the historical level of investment performance and clients may redeem assets, which could have an adverse effect on JCG's results of operations and financial condition. 

8

Table of Contents

 The regulatory environment in which JCG operates has changed and may continue to change. 

JCG may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations, or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of
existing laws and regulations. The costs and burdens of compliance with these and other new reporting and operational requirements and regulations have increased significantly and may continue to
increase the cost of operating mutual funds and other investment products, which could have an adverse effect on JCG's results of operations and financial condition. (See Part I, Item 1,
Business — Regulation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.) 

 JCG's business may be vulnerable to failures or breaches in support systems and customer service functions. 

The ability to consistently and reliably obtain securities pricing information, process shareowner transactions, and provide reports and other
customer service to the shareowners of funds and other investment products managed by JCG as well as the protection of confidential information maintained by it is essential to JCG's operations. Any
delays or inaccuracies in obtaining pricing information, JCG's ability to price illiquid or thinly traded securities without readily obtainable market quotes, processing shareowner transactions or
providing reports, and any other inadequacies in other customer service functions could alienate customers and potentially give rise to claims against JCG. JCG's customer service capabilities as well
as JCG's ability to obtain prompt and accurate securities pricing information and to process shareowner transactions and reports are dependent on communication and information systems and services
provided by third-party vendors. 

Although
JCG has established disaster recovery plans, these systems could suffer failures or interruptions due to various natural or man-made causes, and the backup procedures and
capabilities may not be adequate to avoid extended interruptions. Additionally, JCG places significant reliance on its automated systems, thereby increasing the related risks if such systems were to
fail. A failure of these systems could have an adverse effect on JCG's results of operations and financial condition. 

In
addition, JCG maintains confidential information relating to its clients and business operations. JCG systems could be infiltrated by unauthorized users or damaged by computer viruses or other
malicious software code, or authorized persons could inadvertently or intentionally release confidential or proprietary information. Such disclosure could be detrimental to JCG's reputation and lead
to legal claims, regulatory action, increased costs or loss of revenue, among other things. 

 JCG's business is dependent on investment advisory agreements that are subject to termination, non-renewal or reductions in fees. 

JCG derives revenue and net income from investment advisory agreements with mutual funds and other investment products. The termination of, or
failure to renew, one or more of these agreements or the reduction of the fee rates applicable to such agreements could have a material adverse effect on revenues and profits. With respect to
investment advisory agreements with mutual funds, these agreements may be terminated by either party with notice, or terminated in the event of an "assignment" (as defined in the 1940 Act), and must
be approved and renewed annually by the independent members of each fund's board of directors or trustees, or its shareowners, as required by law. In addition, the board of directors or trustees of
certain funds and separate accounts generally may terminate these investment advisory agreements upon written notice for any reason and without penalty. 

 JCG's substantial indebtedness could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 

JCG has a significant amount of indebtedness, which could limit its ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, debt servicing requirements or other purposes. Debt servicing requirements will increase JCG's vulnerability to adverse economic, market and industry conditions; limit JCG's flexibility
in planning for, or reacting to, changes in business 

9

Table of Contents

operations
or to the asset management industry overall; and place JCG at a disadvantage in relation to competitors that have lower debt levels. In addition, all of JCG's outstanding debt, excluding
its convertible debt, is subject to an increase in interest rates in the event of a credit rating downgrade by either Standard & Poor's ("S&P") or Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
("Moody's"). Certain of JCG's indebtedness is also subject to repurchase at 101% of the principal balance if the Company experiences a change of control and in connection therewith the applicable
notes become rated below investment grade. (See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 8 — Debt, of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.) Any or all of the above events and/or factors have and could continue adversely affecting JCG's results of operations and financial condition. 

 JCG may incur losses as a result of providing support to money market funds advised by the Company. 

JCG's money market funds (the "Money Funds") seek to provide current income and limit exposure to losses by investing in high-quality,
investment-grade securities with short-term durations. Adverse events or circumstances related to individual securities or the market in which the securities trade may cause
other-than-temporary declines in value. In these situations, JCG may elect to support the Money Funds in a variety of means, including but not limited to, purchasing securities
held by the Money Funds, reimbursing for any losses incurred or providing a letter of credit. JCG is not contractually or legally obligated to support the Money Funds. JCG has, however, provided
financial support to certain Money Funds in the past and may do so in the future. 

 JCG is named as a defendant in class action lawsuits and other related litigation. 

JCG and an affiliate of JCG are named as defendants in class action lawsuits and other litigation. (See Part II, Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 17 — Litigation, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.) These lawsuits seek specified or unspecified compensatory and
punitive damages. JCG is unable to estimate the range of potential losses that would be incurred if the plaintiffs in any of these actions were to prevail, or to determine the total potential effect
that they may have on JCG's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Any settlement or judgment on the merits of these actions could have a material adverse effect on JCG's liquidity,
results of operations and financial condition. 

 JCG operates in a highly competitive environment and its current fee structure may be reduced. 

The investment management business is highly competitive and has relatively low barriers to entry. JCG's current fee structure may be subject to
downward pressure due to these factors. Moreover, in recent years there has been a trend toward lower fees in the investment management industry. Fee reductions on existing or future new business as
well as changes in regulations pertaining to its fee structure could have an adverse effect on JCG's revenues and results of operations. 

 JCG has a significant level of intangible assets and goodwill that are subject to annual impairment review. 

Intangible assets and goodwill totaled $1.8 billion at December 31, 2009. The value of these assets may not be realized for a variety
of reasons, including, but not limited to, significant redemptions and unfavorable economic conditions. JCG has recorded goodwill and intangible asset impairments in the past and could incur similar
charges in the future. JCG reviews the carrying value of intangible assets not subject to amortization on an annual basis, or more frequently if indications exist suggesting that the fair value of its
intangible assets may be below their carrying value. JCG evaluates intangible assets subject to amortization whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. Should a review indicate impairment, a write-down of the carrying value of the intangible asset could occur, resulting in a non-cash charge which would
adversely affect JCG's results of operations for the period. 

10

Table of Contents