Janus’ revenues and profits are largely dependent on
the value of assets under management.

Almost all of Janus’ revenues are dependent on the
total value and composition of assets under management. Any decrease in the
value or amount of assets under management will cause a decline in revenues and
operating results. Assets under management may decline for various reasons,
many of which are not under Janus’ control. For any period in which revenues
decline, operating margin may decline by a greater proportion because of the
high percentage of fixed costs.

Factors that could
cause assets under management and revenues to decline include the following:

·

Declines in the equity markets.   Janus’ assets under
management are concentrated in the U.S. equity markets and, to a lesser extent,
in the international equity markets. As such, declines in the equity markets or
the market segments in which Janus’ investment products are concentrated will
cause assets under management to decrease.

·

Changes in interest rates and defaults.   In the case of
money market and other fixed income investment products, which invest in
high-quality short-term money market instruments, as well as other fixed income
securities, the value of the assets may decline as a result of changes in
interest rates, an issuer’s actual or perceived creditworthiness or an issuer’s
ability to meet its obligations.

·

Redemptions and other withdrawals.   Investors (in
response to adverse market conditions, inconsistent investment performance, the
pursuit of other investment opportunities, regulatory investigations, civil
lawsuits or otherwise) may reduce their investments in specific Janus
investment products or in the market segments in which Janus’ investment
products are concentrated.

·

Political and general economic risks.   The investment
products managed by Janus may invest significant funds in international markets
that are subject to risk of loss from political or diplomatic developments,
government policies, civil unrest, currency fluctuations and changes in
legislation related to foreign ownership. International markets, particularly
emerging markets, are often smaller, may not have the liquidity of established
markets, may lack established regulations and may experience significantly more
volatility than established markets.

·

A concentration in the growth equity discipline.   Although
down from prior years, approximately 40% of Janus’ assets under management were
concentrated in the growth equity investment discipline at December 31,
2006. During periods where the general investing public does not favor 

7

the growth equity discipline,
Janus may experience a reduction of gross sales and an increase in gross
redemptions.

·

Relative investment performance.   Janus’ investment
products are often judged on their performance as compared to the benchmark
indices, peer groups or on an absolute return basis. Any period of prolonged
underperformance of investment products may result in the loss of existing
assets and impact our ability to attract new assets.

Janus’ revenues may fluctuate from variability in
performance fees.

Certain INTECH institutional accounts are subject to
performance fees which vary based on each account’s investment performance as
compared to the benchmark index. In addition, certain mutual funds will become
subject to performance fees in 2007, which will be determined based on each
fund’s performance as compared to the benchmark index. The measurement period
for mutual fund performance fees began in 2006 and the first performance
adjustment will be recorded in the first quarter 2007.

Janus’ results are dependent on its ability to attract
and retain key personnel.

The investment management business is highly dependent
on the ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled, and often highly
specialized, technical, executive, sales and management personnel. The market
for investment and sales professionals is extremely competitive and is
increasingly characterized by the frequent movement of portfolio managers,
analysts and salespersons among different firms. Any cost reduction initiative,
changes to management structure, shifts in corporate culture, changes to
corporate governance authority, or adjustments or
reductions to compensation (including, but not limited to, the
implementation of the new portfolio managers’ compensation program that is tied
to the Company’s revenue) may result in employee dissatisfaction and could
impact Janus’ ability to retain key personnel. If Janus is unable to retain key
personnel, it could have an adverse effect on Janus’ results of operations and
financial condition. Additionally, portfolio managers and salespersons often
maintain relationships with their clients. As such, the departure of a
portfolio manager or salesperson may cause the loss of clients, which could
have an adverse effect on Janus’ results of operations and financial condition.

Janus is dependent upon third-party distribution
channels to access clients and potential clients.

Janus’ ability to market its investment products is
significantly dependent on access to the client base of insurance companies,
defined contribution plan administrators, securities firms, broker-dealers,
banks and other distribution channels. These companies generally offer their
clients various investment products in addition to, and in competition with,
Janus. Further, the private account business uses referrals from financial
planners, professional investment advisers and other professionals. Janus
cannot be certain that it will continue to have access to these third-party
distribution channels or have an opportunity to offer some or all of its
investment products through these channels. The inability to access clients
through third-party distribution channels could have a material adverse
effect on Janus’ ability to maintain or increase assets under management, its
financial condition, results of operations or business prospects.

INTECH’s investment process is highly dependent on key
employees and proprietary software.

Over the last two years, INTECH has become a more
significant part of Janus’ investment management business, representing 37% of
total assets under management and 22% of total Investment Management segment
revenue. INTECH’s investment process is based on complex and proprietary
mathematical models, which seek to outperform various indices by capitalizing
on market volatility while controlling trading costs and overall risk relative
to the index. The maintenance of such models for current products and the
development of new products are highly dependent on certain key INTECH employees.
A succession plan is in place in the event these key employees were unable to
perform their current duties or if they terminate employment; however, there is
no guarantee that such plan will be successful. If this plan is not successful,
or if the mathematical investment strategies fail to produce the intended
results, 

8

INTECH may not be able to maintain the historical
level of strong investment performance and clients may redeem assets, which
could have an adverse effect on Janus’ results of operations and financial
condition.

The regulatory environment in which Janus operates has
changed and may continue to change.

Janus may be adversely affected as a result of new or
revised legislation or regulations or by changes in the interpretation or
enforcement of existing laws and regulations. Compliance with these and other
new reporting and operational requirements and regulations has increased
significantly and may continue to increase the cost of operating mutual funds
and related investment products, which could have an adverse effect on Janus’
results of operations and financial condition (See Item 1, Business — Regulation).

Janus is named as a defendant in class action lawsuits
and other related litigation.

Janus, certain of the Janus funds, the Janus fund’s trustees
and certain (past and present) officers of Janus are named as defendants in
class action lawsuits and other related litigation (See Item 8, Note 16).
These lawsuits seek unspecified compensatory and punitive damages. Janus is
unable to estimate the range of potential losses that would be incurred if the
plaintiffs in any of these actions were to prevail, or to determine the total
potential effect that they may have on Janus’ results of operations, financial
position and cash flows. Any settlement or judgment on the merits of these
actions could have a material adverse effect on Janus’ liquidity, results of
operations and financial condition.

Janus’ business is vulnerable to failures in support
systems and customer service functions.

The ability to consistently and reliably obtain
securities pricing information, process shareowner transactions and provide
reports and other customer service to the shareowners of funds and other
investment products managed by Janus is essential to Janus’ operations. Any
delays or inaccuracies in obtaining pricing information, processing shareowner
transactions or providing reports, and any inadequacies in other customer
service could alienate customers and potentially give rise to claims against
Janus. Janus’ customer service capabilities, as well as Janus’ ability to
obtain prompt and accurate securities pricing information and to process
shareowner transactions and reports, is dependent on communication and
information systems and services provided by third-party vendors.

Although Janus has established disaster recovery
plans, these systems could suffer failures or interruptions due to various
natural or man-made causes, and the backup procedures and capabilities may not
be adequate to avoid extended interruptions. Additionally, Janus places
significant reliance on its automated customer service systems, thereby
increasing the related risks if such systems were to fail. A failure of these
systems could have an adverse effect on Janus’ results of operations and
financial condition.

Janus’ business is dependent on investment advisory
agreements that are subject to termination, non-renewal or reductions in fees.

Janus derives substantially all of its revenue and net
income from investment advisory agreements with mutual funds and other
investment products. The termination of, or failure to renew, one or more of
these agreements or the reduction of the fee rates applicable to such
agreements, could have a material adverse effect on revenues and profits. With
respect to investment advisory agreements with mutual funds, these agreements
may be terminated by either party with notice, or terminated in the event of an
“assignment” (as defined in the 1940 Act), and must be approved and renewed
annually by the independent members of each fund’s board of directors or
trustees, or its shareowners, as required by law. In addition, the board of
directors or trustees of certain funds and separate accounts generally may
terminate these investment advisory agreements upon written notice for any
reason and without penalty.

9

The Printing and Fulfillment segment operates in a
highly competitive industry.

Rapid Solutions Group (“RSG”),
the operating business of the Printing and Fulfillment segment, operates in a
highly competitive industry. Competitive factors include not only the speed and
accuracy with which RSG can meet customer needs, but also the price and quality
of such services. Many of RSG’s competitors have an advantage in the fact that
they are larger, have greater resources and offer a wider range of services. If
RSG is unsuccessful in this market, it may not be able to retain current
clients or grow the business through the addition of new clients, which could
have an adverse effect on Janus’ results of operations and financial condition.