There are certain risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from those anticipated. Risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect us
include, without limitation, the following factors.

        The apparel, footwear and
accessories industries are highly competitive. Any increased competition could
result in reduced sales or prices, or both, which could have a material adverse
effect on us.

Apparel, footwear and accessories companies face competition on many fronts,
including the following:

 establishing and maintaining favorable brand recognition;

developing products that appeal to consumers;

pricing products appropriately; and

obtaining access to retail outlets and sufficient floor space.

        There is intense competition in
the sectors of the apparel, footwear and accessories industries in which we
participate. We compete with many other manufacturers and retailers, some of
which are larger and have greater resources than we do. Any increased
competition could result in reduced sales or prices, or both, which could have a
material adverse effect on us.

- 21 -

        We compete primarily on the
basis of fashion, price and quality. We believe our competitive advantages
include our ability to anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer
demands, our brand names and range of products and our ability to operate within
the industries' production and delivery constraints. Furthermore, our
established brand names and relationships with retailers have resulted in a
loyal following of customers.

        We believe that, during the past
few years, major department stores and specialty retailers have been
increasingly sourcing products from suppliers who are well capitalized or have
established reputations for delivering quality merchandise in a timely manner.
However, there can be no assurance that significant new competitors will not
develop in the future.

        We also believe there is an
increasing focus by the department stores to concentrate an increasing portion
of their product assortments within their own private label products. These
private label lines compete directly with our product lines and may receive
prominent positioning on the retail floor by department stores. While this
creates more competition, our independent studies indicate that our brands are
preferred by the consumer.

        We may not be able to respond to
changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner, which could have a
material adverse effect on us.

        The apparel, footwear and
accessories industries have historically been subject to rapidly changing
fashion trends and consumer preferences. We believe that our success is largely
dependent on our ability to anticipate and respond promptly to changing consumer
demands and fashion trends in the design, styling and production of our
products. If we cannot gauge consumer needs and fashion trends and respond
appropriately, then consumers may not purchase our products, and this could have
a material adverse effect on us.

        We believe that consumers in the
United States are shopping less in department stores (our traditional
distribution channel) and more in other channels, such as specialty shops and
mid-tier locations where value is perceived to be higher. We have responded to
these trends by enhancing the brand equity of our brands through our focus on
design, quality and value, and through strategic acquisitions which provide
significant diversification to the business by successfully adding new
distribution channels, labels and product lines. Despite our efforts to respond
to these trends, there can be no assurance that these trends will not have a
material adverse effect on us.

        The apparel, footwear and
accessories industries are heavily influenced by general economic cycles. A
prolonged period of depressed consumer spending would have a material adverse
effect on us.

        Purchases of apparel, footwear and
related goods generally decline during recessionary periods when disposable
income is low. In such an environment, promotional selling would adversely
affect our profitability.

        The loss of any of our largest
customers could have a material adverse effect on us.

        Our ten largest customer groups,
principally department stores, accounted for approximately 47% of revenues in
2006. Federated Department Stores, Inc. accounted for approximately 18% of our
2006 gross revenues.

        We believe that purchasing
decisions are generally made independently by department store units
within a customer group. There has been a trend, however, toward more
centralized purchasing decisions. As such decisions become more centralized, the
risk to us of such concentration increases. A decision by the controlling owner
of a customer group of department stores to modify those customers'
relationships with us (for example, decreasing the amount of product purchased
from us, modifying floor space allocated to apparel in general or our products
specifically, or focusing on promotion of private label products rather than our
products) could have a material adverse effect on us. Furthermore, we believe a
trend exists among our major customers to concentrate purchasing among a
narrowing group of vendors. To the extent any of our key customers reduces the
number of vendors and consequently does not purchase from us, this could have a
material adverse effect on us.

- 22 -

        In the future, retailers
may have financial problems or consolidate, undergo restructurings or
reorganizations, or realign their affiliations, any of which could further
increase the concentration of our customers. The loss of any of our largest
customers, or the bankruptcy or material financial difficulty of any customer or
any of the companies listed above, could have a material adverse effect on us.
We do not have long-term contracts with any of our customers, and sales to
customers generally occur on an order-by-order basis. As a result, customers can
terminate their relationships with us at any time or under certain circumstances
cancel or delay orders.

        The loss or infringement of our
trademarks and other proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on
us.

        We believe that our trademarks and
other proprietary rights are important to our success and competitive position.
Accordingly, we devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection
of our trademarks on a worldwide basis. There can be no assurances that such
actions taken to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary
rights will be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or to
prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as violative of their
trademarks and proprietary rights. Moreover, there can be no assurances that
others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, our trademarks and other
proprietary rights or that we will be able to successfully resolve such
conflicts. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect
proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. The
loss of such trademarks and other proprietary rights, or the loss of the
exclusive use of such trademarks and other proprietary rights, could have a
material adverse effect on us. Any litigation regarding our trademarks could be
time-consuming and costly.

        As of December 31, 2006, the book
value of our goodwill and other intangibles was $2.1 billion. We utilize
independent third-party appraisals to estimate the fair value of both our
goodwill and our intangible assets with indefinite lives. These appraisals are
based on projected cash flows and interest rates. If interest rates or future
cash flows were to differ significantly from the assumptions used in these
projections, material non-cash impairment losses could result where the
estimated fair values of these assets become less than their carrying amounts.

        As a result of continuing
decreases in projected revenues and profitability with respect to our Norton
McNaughton, 
l.e.i. and certain other moderate apparel brands and
changes in business strategy for our 
Norton McNaughton brand, as well as
continuing decreases in projected revenues for our 
Albert Nipon better
apparel brand, our 
Westies and 
Sam & Libby footwear brands and
our 
Richelieu costume jewelry brand, we recorded goodwill and trademark
impairment charges of $441.2 million and $50.2 million, respectively, in 2006.
As a result of similar continuing decreases in projected accessory revenues in
one of our costume jewelry brands, we recorded a trademark impairment charge
$0.2 million in 2004.

        The extent of our foreign
operations and manufacturing may adversely affect our domestic business.

        In 2006, approximately 96% of our
apparel products were manufactured outside of the United States, its territories
and Mexico, primarily in Asia, while approximately 4% were manufactured in the
United States, its territories and Mexico. Nearly all of our footwear and
accessories products were manufactured outside of North America in 2006 as well.
The following may adversely affect foreign operations:

 political instability in countries where contractors and suppliers are
 located;

imposition of regulations and quotas relating to imports;

imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports;

significant fluctuation of the value of the dollar against foreign
 currencies; and

restrictions on the transfer of funds to or from foreign countries.

        As a result of our substantial
foreign operations, our domestic business is subject to the following risks:

 uncertainties of sourcing associated with the new environment in which
 quota has been eliminated on apparel products pursuant to the World Trade
 Organization Agreement, effective January 1, 2005 (although China has agreed
 to safeguard quota on certain classes of apparel products through 2008 as a
 result of a surge in exports to the United States, political pressure will
 likely continue for restraint on importation of apparel);

- 23 -

 reduced manufacturing flexibility because of geographic distance between
 us and our foreign manufacturers, increasing the risk that we may have to
 mark down unsold inventory as a result of misjudging the market for a
 foreign-made product; and

violations by foreign contractors of labor and wage standards and
 resulting adverse publicity.

        Fluctuations in the price,
availability and quality of raw materials could cause delay and increase costs.

        Fluctuations in the price,
availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used by us in our
manufactured apparel and in the price of materials used to manufacture our
footwear and accessories could have a material adverse effect on our cost of
sales or our ability to meet our customers' demands. The prices for such
fabrics depend largely on the market prices for the raw materials used to
produce them, particularly cotton. The price and availability of such raw
materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including crop
yields and weather patterns. In the future, we may not be able to pass all or a
portion of such higher raw materials prices on to our customers.

Our reliance on independent manufacturers could cause delay and damage
our reputation and customer relationships.

        We rely upon independent third
parties for the manufacture of most of our products. A manufacturer's failure
to ship products to us in a timely manner or to meet the required quality
standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements of our customers
for those items. The failure to make timely deliveries may drive customers to
cancel orders, refuse to accept deliveries or demand reduced prices, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on us. This could damage our
reputation. We do not have long-term written agreements with any of our third
party manufacturers. As a result, any of these manufacturers may unilaterally
terminate their relationships with us at any time.

        We are also increasing
pre-production collaboration efforts with many of our third party manufacturers
to utilize their capabilities to increase speed to market and improve margins.
Difficulties in effectively achieving this collaboration could have an adverse
impact on our ability to achieve a substantial portion of the savings we
anticipate as a result of our strategic review.

        Although we have an active program
to train our independent manufacturers in, and monitor their compliance with,
our labor and other factory standards, any failure by those manufacturers to
comply with our standards or any other divergence in their labor or other
practices from those generally considered ethical in the United States and the
potential negative publicity relating to any of these events could materially
harm us and our reputation.

        Any inability to identify
acquisition candidates could have a material effect on our future growth.

        A significant part of our growth
depends on our ability to identify acquisition candidates and, in an
increasingly competitive environment for such acquisitions, acquire such
businesses on reasonable financial and other terms. Difficulties in integrating
the organizations and operations of any acquired businesses into our existing
organization and operations could have a material adverse effect on us and could
damage our reputation.

        Difficulties in implementing a
new enterprise system could impact our ability to design, produce and ship our
products on a timely basis.

        We have announced the selection of
the SAP Apparel and Footwear Solution as our core operational and financial
system. The implementation of the SAP Apparel and Footwear Solution software,
which began in November 2006, is a key part of our ongoing efforts to eliminate
redundancies and enhance our overall cost structure and margin performance.
Difficulties migrating existing systems to this new software could impact our
ability to design, produce and ship our products on a timely basis.

- 24 -