There are certain risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from those anticipated. Risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect us
include, without limitation, the following factors.

        The apparel, footwear and
accessories industries are highly competitive. Any increased competition could
result in reduced sales or prices, or both, which could have a material adverse
effect on us.

        Apparel, footwear and accessories
companies face competition on many fronts, including the following:

 establishing and maintaining favorable brand recognition;

developing products that appeal to consumers;

pricing products appropriately; and

obtaining access to retail outlets and sufficient floor space.

        There is intense competition in
the sectors of the apparel, footwear and accessories industries in which we
participate. We compete with many other manufacturers and retailers, some of
which are larger and have greater resources than we do. Any increased
competition could result in reduced sales or prices, or both, which could have a
material adverse effect on us.

        We compete primarily on the basis
of fashion, price and quality. We believe our competitive advantages include our
ability to anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer demands, our
brand names and range of products and our ability to operate within the
industries' production and delivery constraints. Furthermore, our established
brand names and relationships with retailers have resulted in a loyal following
of customers.

        We believe that, during the past
few years, major department stores and specialty retailers have been
increasingly sourcing products from suppliers who are well capitalized or have
established reputations for delivering quality merchandise in a timely manner.
However, there can be no assurance that significant new competitors will not
develop in the future.

- 20 -

        We also believe there is an
increasing focus by the department stores to concentrate an increasing portion
of their product assortments within their own private label products. These
private label lines compete directly with our product lines and may receive
prominent positioning on the retail floor by department stores. While this creates more competition, our independent studies indicate
that our brands are preferred by the consumer.

        We may not be able to respond
to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner, which could have a
material adverse effect on us.

        The apparel, footwear and
accessories industries have historically been subject to rapidly changing
fashion trends and consumer preferences. We believe that our success is largely
dependent on our ability to anticipate and respond promptly to changing consumer
demands and fashion trends in the design, styling and production of our products
and in the merchandising and pricing of products in our retail stores. If we
cannot gauge consumer needs and fashion trends and respond appropriately, then
consumers may not purchase our products. This would result in reduced sales and
profitability and in excess inventories, which would have a material adverse
effect on us.

        We believe that consumers in the
United States are shopping less in department stores (our traditional
distribution channel) and more in other channels, such as specialty shops and
mid-tier locations where value is perceived to be higher. In response, our
strategy involves adding new distribution channels, increased investment in our
core brands by focusing on design, quality and value, remodeling of our retail
locations and implementation of new and enhanced retail systems. Despite our
efforts to respond to these trends, there can be no assurance that these trends
will not have a material adverse effect on us.

        The apparel, footwear and
accessories industries are heavily influenced by general economic cycles that
affect consumer spending. A prolonged period of depressed consumer spending
would have a material adverse effect on us.

        The apparel, footwear and
accessories industries have historically been subject to cyclical variations,
recessions in the general economy and uncertainties regarding future economic
prospects that affect consumer spending habits, which could negatively impact
our business. The success of our operations depends on a number of factors
impacting discretionary consumer spending, including general economic
conditions, consumer confidence, wages and unemployment, housing prices,
consumer debt, interest rates, fuel and energy costs, taxation and political
conditions. A downturn in the economy may affect consumer purchases of our
products and adversely impact our continued growth and profitability.

        The loss of or a significant
reduction of business with any of our largest customers would have a material
adverse effect on us.

        Our ten largest customer groups,
principally department stores, accounted for approximately 55% of revenues in
2007. Macy's, Inc. accounted for approximately 20% of our 2007 gross revenues.

        We believe that purchasing
decisions are generally made independently by department store units within a
customer group. There has been a trend, however, toward more centralized
purchasing decisions. As such decisions become more centralized, the risk to us
of such concentration increases. A decision by the controlling owner of a
customer group of department stores to modify those customers' relationships
with us (for example, decreasing the amount of product purchased from us,
modifying floor space allocated to apparel in general or our products
specifically, or focusing on promotion of private label products rather than our
products) could have a material adverse effect on us. Furthermore, we believe a
trend exists among our major customers to concentrate purchasing among a
narrowing group of vendors. To the extent any of our key customers reduces the
number of vendors and consequently does not purchase from us, this would have a
material adverse effect on us.

        In the future, retailers may have
financial problems or consolidate, undergo restructurings or reorganizations, or
realign their affiliations, any of which could further increase the
concentration of our customers. The loss of any of our largest customers, or the
bankruptcy or material financial difficulty of any customer or any of the
companies listed above, could have a material adverse effect on us. We do not
have long-term contracts with any of our customers, and sales to customers
generally occur on an order-by-order 

- 21 -

 basis. As a result, customers can terminate
their relationships with us at any time or under certain circumstances cancel or
delay orders.

        The loss or infringement of our
trademarks and other proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on
us.

        We believe that our trademarks and
other proprietary rights are important to our success and competitive position.
Accordingly, we devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection
of our trademarks on a worldwide basis. There can be no assurances that such
actions taken to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary
rights will be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or to
prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as violative of their
trademarks and proprietary rights. Moreover, there can be no assurances that
others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, our trademarks and other
proprietary rights or that we will be able to successfully resolve such
conflicts. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect
proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. The
loss of such trademarks and other proprietary rights, or the loss of the
exclusive use of such trademarks and other proprietary rights, could have a
material adverse effect on us. Any litigation regarding our trademarks could be
time-consuming and costly.

        The loss of key personnel could
disrupt our operations and our ability to successfully execute our strategies.

        Our executive officers and other
members of senior management have substantial experience and expertise in our
business. Our success depends to a significant extent both upon the continued
services of these individuals as well as our ability to attract, hire, motivate
and retain additional talented and highly qualified management in the future.
Competition for key executives in the apparel, footwear and accessories
industries is intense, and our operations and the execution of our business
strategies could be adversely affected if we cannot attract and retain qualified
executives and other key personnel.

        The extent of our foreign
operations and manufacturing may adversely affect our domestic business.

        Nearly all of our products are
manufactured outside of North America. The following may adversely affect
foreign operations:

 political instability in countries where contractors and suppliers are
 located;

imposition of regulations and quotas relating to imports;

imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports;

significant fluctuation of the value of the dollar against foreign
 currencies;

labor shortages in countries where contractors and suppliers are
 located; and

restrictions on the transfer of funds to or from foreign countries.

        As a result of our substantial
foreign operations, our domestic business is subject to the following risks:

 uncertainties of sourcing associated with an environment in which quota
 has been eliminated on apparel products pursuant to the World Trade
 Organization Agreement (although China has agreed to safeguard quota on
 certain classes of apparel products through 2008 as a result of a surge in
 exports to the United States, political pressure will likely continue for
 restraint on importation of apparel);

reduced manufacturing flexibility because of geographic distance between
 us and our foreign manufacturers, increasing the risk that we may have to
 mark down unsold inventory as a result of misjudging the market for a
 foreign-made product;

increases in manufacturing costs due to the recent substantial decline
 of the United States dollar against major world currencies and higher
 labor costs being experienced by some of our foreign manufacturers,
 primarily in China; and

violations by foreign contractors of labor and wage standards and
 resulting adverse publicity.

        Fluctuations in the price,
availability and quality of raw materials could cause delay and increase costs.

        Fluctuations in the price,
availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used by us in our
manufactured apparel and in the price of materials used to manufacture our
footwear and accessories could have a material adverse effect on our cost of
sales or our ability to meet our customers' demands. The prices for such
fabrics depend largely on the market prices for the raw materials used to
produce them, particularly 

- 22 -

 cotton, leather and synthetics. The price and
availability of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on
many factors, including crop yields and weather patterns. In the future, we may
not be able to pass all or a portion of such higher raw materials prices on to
our customers.

        Our reliance on independent
manufacturers could cause delay and damage our reputation and customer
relationships.

        We rely upon independent third
parties for the manufacture of most of our products. A manufacturer's failure
to ship products to us in a timely manner or to meet the required quality
standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements of our customers
for those items. The failure to make timely deliveries may drive customers to
cancel orders, refuse to accept deliveries or demand reduced prices, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on us. This could damage our
reputation. We do not have long-term written agreements with any of our third
party manufacturers. As a result, any of these manufacturers may unilaterally
terminate their relationships with us at any time.

        We are also increasing
pre-production collaboration efforts with many of our third party manufacturers
to utilize their capabilities to increase speed to market and improve margins.
Difficulties in effectively achieving this collaboration could have an adverse
impact on our ability to achieve a substantial portion of the savings we
anticipate as a result of our strategic review.

        Although we have an active program
to train our independent manufacturers in, and monitor their compliance with,
our labor and other factory standards, any failure by those manufacturers to
comply with our standards or any other divergence in their labor or other
practices from those generally considered ethical in the United States and the
potential negative publicity relating to any of these events could materially
harm us and our reputation.

        Difficulties in implementing a
new enterprise system could impact our ability to design, produce and ship our
products on a timely basis.

        We are in the process of
implementing the SAP Apparel and Footwear Solution as our core operational and
financial system. The implementation of the SAP Apparel and Footwear Solution
software, which began at select locations in November 2006, is a key part of our
ongoing efforts to eliminate redundancies and enhance our overall cost structure
and margin performance. Difficulties migrating existing systems at our remaining
locations to this new software could impact our ability to design, produce and
ship our products on a timely basis.