Our international
operations are subject to many uncertainties, and a significant reduction in international sales of our products could adversely affect us. 

Our international operations are subject to various economic, political and other uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. In our fiscal years 2012, 2011, and 2010, approximately 55%, 54%,
and 56%, respectively, of our sales were derived from sales outside the United States, and economic conditions in the countries and regions in which we operate significantly affect our profitability and growth prospects. A reduction in our
international business due to any of the following risks would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations: 

•

 regional or country specific economic downturns; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the Australian dollar, Chinese renminbi, Canadian dollar; Chilean peso, Indian rupee, South
African rand, and British pound sterling; 

•

 complications in complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including with respect to environmental matters, which may adversely affect
our operations and ability to compete effectively in certain jurisdictions or regions; 

•

 international political and trade issues and tensions; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, up to and including the risk of nationalization or expropriation by foreign governments;

•

 higher tax rates and potentially adverse tax consequences including restrictions on repatriating earnings, adverse tax withholding requirements and
double taxation; 

•

 greater difficulties protecting our intellectual property; 

•

 increased risk of litigation and other disputes with customers; 

•

 fluctuations in our operating performance based on our geographic mix of sales; 

•

 longer payment cycles and difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

 costs and difficulties in integrating, staffing and managing international operations, especially in rapidly growing economies such as China;

•

 transportation delays and interruptions; 

•

 natural disasters and the greater difficulty in recovering from them in some of the foreign countries in which we operate, especially in countries
prone to earthquakes, such as China, Chile, India, and Indonesia; 

•

 uncertainties arising from local business practices and cultural considerations; 

•

 customs matters and changes in trade policy, tariff regulations or other trade restrictions; and 

•

 national and international conflicts, including terrorist acts. 

We expect that the percentage of our sales occurring outside the United States will increase over time largely due to increased activity
in China, India and other emerging markets. The foregoing risks may be particularly acute in emerging markets, where our operations are subject to greater uncertainty due to increased volatility associated with the developing nature of the economic,
legal and governmental systems of these countries. If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or to adequately manage operational fluctuations, it could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

The cyclical nature of our original equipment manufacturing business could cause fluctuations in
our operating results. 

Our business, in particular our original equipment manufacturing business, is cyclical in
nature. The cyclicality of original equipment sales for our Underground and Surface segments is driven primarily by volatility of commodity prices, including prices for coal, copper, and iron ore, product life cycles, competitive pressures and other
economic factors affecting the mining industry such as company consolidation. Falling commodity prices have in the past and may in the future lead to reductions in the production levels of existing mines, a contraction in the number of existing
mines, and the closure of less efficient mines. Decreased mining activity is likely to lead to a 

13 

Table of Contents

decrease in demand for new mining machinery. As a result of this cyclicality, we have previously experienced fluctuation in our business, results of operations and financial condition. We expect
that cyclicality in our equipment manufacturing business may cause us to experience further significant fluctuation in our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our global operations are subject to extensive trade and anti-corruption laws and regulations. 

Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including U.S. regulations issued by Customs and Border Protection,
the Bureau of Industry and Security, the Office of Antiboycott Compliance, the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls and the Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. Any alleged or
actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products or to provide services outside the United States. We cannot predict the nature,
scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. 

In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of
value to improperly influence foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, or obtaining an unfair advantage. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in the global enforcement of anti-corruption
laws. Our continued operation and expansion outside the United States, including in developing countries, could increase the risk of such violations. Violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt
our business, and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition. 

We face
risks from currency exchange rate fluctuations because our international operations are conducted in various local currencies, while our consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars. 

Our significant foreign subsidiaries use local currencies as their functional currency. Because our financial reporting currency is the
U.S. dollar, preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires that we translate the assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues of these subsidiaries into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Accordingly, fluctuations in the
exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the currencies of the other countries in which we conduct business may affect our assets, earnings and cash flows. In addition, currency exchange rate fluctuations may affect the comparative prices between
products we sell and products our foreign competitors sell in the same market, which may adversely affect demand for our equipment. Substantial exchange rate fluctuations, particularly due to strengthening of the U.S. dollar, may have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, as well as the comparability of our consolidated financial statements between reporting periods. While we attempt to reduce the risks from exchange rate fluctuations by
entering into hedging arrangements, these arrangements may not be effective or may only delay or temporarily mitigate the adverse effect of fluctuations in exchange rates. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. 

Our domestic and foreign manufacturing and service operations are subject to significant competitive pressures. We compete globally on the basis of product performance, customer service and aftermarket
support, availability, reliability, productivity and price. Most of our customers are large global mining companies that have substantial bargaining power, and some of our sales require us to participate in competitive bidding where we must compete
on the basis of various factors, including performance guarantees and price. We compete directly and indirectly with other manufacturers of surface and underground mining equipment and with manufacturers of parts and components for such products.
Some of our competitors are larger than us and, as a result, may have broader product offerings and greater access to financial resources. Certain of our competitors also may pursue aggressive pricing or product strategies that may cause us to
reduce the prices we charge for our original equipment and aftermarket products and services or lose sales. These actions may lead to reduced revenues, lower margins and/or a decline in market share, any of which may adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

14 

Table of Contents

We may acquire businesses, dispose of businesses or engage in other transactions for which we may not
realize anticipated benefits, or it may take longer than expected to realize such benefits, which may adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and existing business. 

From time to time, we may explore and pursue transaction opportunities that may complement our core businesses, and we may also consider
divesting businesses or assets that we do not regard as part of our core businesses. These transaction opportunities may come in the form of acquisitions, joint ventures, start-ups or other structures. For example, in 2012, we completed the
acquisition of IMM and during 2011 we acquired LeTourneau and subsequently divested its drilling products business. There are risks associated with acquisition and disposition of business transactions, including, without limitation, general business
risk, integration risk, technology risk, market acceptance risk, litigation risk, environmental risk, regulatory approval risk and risks associated with the failure to close or consummate announced transactions. In the case of acquisitions, we may
not be able to discover, during the due diligence process or otherwise, all known and unknown risks associated with the business we are acquiring. In the case of dispositions, we may agree to indemnify acquiring parties for known or unknown
liabilities arising from our former businesses. 

Undiscovered factors may result in our incurring financial or other
liabilities, which could be material. In addition, completion of a transaction may require us to incur debt, issue equity, utilize other capital resources, make expenditures, provide guarantees or indemnification and/or agree to other terms, and may
also consume a substantial portion of our management’s time and attention. These transactions may not ultimately create value for us or our stockholders, and may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We are subject to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and may expose us
to substantial liability if we fail to comply. 

We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign
environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to employee health and safety, environmental permitting and licensing, air (including greenhouse gas) emissions, water discharges, remediation of soil and groundwater contamination, and
the generation, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials. Some environmental laws impose strict, retroactive, and joint and several liability for the remediation of the release of hazardous substances, even for conduct that was
lawful at the time it occurred, or for the conduct of, or conditions caused by, prior operators, predecessors, or other third parties. Failure to comply with environmental laws could expose us to penalties or clean-up costs, civil or criminal
liability, and sanctions on certain of our activities, as well as damage to property or natural resources. These liabilities, sanctions, damages and remediation efforts related to any non-compliance with such laws and regulations could negatively
impact our ability to conduct our operations and our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our various prior and future acquisitions and divestitures may have resulted or could result in environmental liabilities unknown to us
at the time of acquisition or divestiture or other additional environmental liabilities. 

Moreover, environmental laws and
regulations, and the interpretation and enforcement thereof, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. Future environmental laws and regulations could require us to acquire costly equipment or to incur other significant
expenses in connection with our business. For example, increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or product demand. 

We are largely dependent on the continued demand for coal, which is subject to economic and climate related risks. 

Approximately two-thirds of our revenues come from our coal-mining customers. Many of these customers supply coal for steel production
and/or as fuel for the production of electricity. Demand for steel is affected by the global level of economic activity and economic growth. The pursuit of the most cost effective form of electricity generation continues to take place throughout the
world and coal-fired electric generation faces intense price competition from other fuel sources, particularly natural gas. Coal combustion generates significant greenhouse gas emissions and governmental and private sector goals and mandates to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions may increasingly affect the mix of electricity generation sources. Further developments in connection with legislation, regulations or other limits on greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental impacts or costs
from coal 

15 

Table of Contents

combustion, both in the United States and in other countries, could diminish demand for coal as a fuel for electricity generation. If lower greenhouse gas emitting forms of electricity
generation, such as nuclear, solar, natural gas or wind power, become more prevalent or cost effective, or diminished economic activity reduces demand for steel, demand for coal will decline. When demand for coal is reduced, the demand for our
mining equipment could be adversely affected. 

Environmental regulations impacting the mining industry may adversely affect demand for
our products. 

We supply original equipment and aftermarket services to mining companies operating in major mining
regions throughout the world. Our customers’ operations are subject to or affected by a wide array of regulations in the jurisdictions where they operate, including those directly impacting mining activities and those indirectly affecting their
businesses, such as applicable environmental laws. In addition, new environmental legislation or administrative regulations relating to mining or affecting demand for mined materials, or more stringent interpretations of existing laws and
regulations, may require our customers to significantly change or curtail their operations. The high cost of compliance with environmental regulations may discourage our customers from expanding existing mines or developing new mines, and may also
cause customers to limit or even discontinue their mining operations. As a result of these factors, demand for our mining equipment and the aftermarket services we provide could be adversely affected by environmental regulations directly or
indirectly impacting the mining industry. Any reduction in demand as a result of environmental regulations is likely have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We require cash to service our indebtedness, which reduces the cash available to finance our business, and the terms of our debt agreements require
us to comply with financial and other covenants. 

Our ability to service our indebtedness depends on our financial
performance, which is affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors. Some of these factors are beyond our control. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our
indebtedness and to meet our other obligations and commitments, we might be required to refinance our debt or to dispose of assets to obtain funds for such purpose. There is no assurance that refinancings or asset dispositions could be effected on a
timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all, particularly if credit market conditions deteriorate. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that refinancings or asset dispositions would be permitted by the terms of our credit agreements or debt
instruments. 

Our existing credit agreements contain, and any future debt agreements we may enter into may contain, certain
financial tests and other covenants that limit our ability to incur indebtedness, acquire other businesses and impose various other restrictions. Our ability to comply with financial tests may be adversely affected by changes in economic or business
conditions beyond our control, and these covenants may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. We cannot be certain that we will be able to comply with the financial tests and other covenants, or, if we
fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers or amended terms from our lenders. An uncured default with respect to one or more of the covenants could result in the amounts outstanding under one or more of the agreements being declared
immediately due and payable, which may also trigger an obligation to redeem our outstanding debt securities and repay all other outstanding indebtedness. Any such acceleration of our indebtedness would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Significant changes in our actual investment return on pension assets, discount rates
and other factors could affect our results of operations, equity and pension funding requirements in future periods. 

Our results of operations may be affected by the amount of income or expense that we record for our defined benefit pension plans and
certain other retirement benefits. We measure the valuation of our pension plans annually as of our fiscal year end in order to determine the funded status of and our funding obligation with respect to such plans. This annual valuation of our
pension plans is highly dependent on certain assumptions used in actuarial valuations, which include actual and expected return on pension assets and discount rates. These assumptions take into account current and expected financial market data,
other economic conditions such as interest rates and inflation, and other factors such as plan asset allocation and future salary increases. If actual rates of return on 

16 

Table of Contents

pension assets materially differ from assumptions, our pension funding obligations may increase or decrease significantly. Our funding obligation is determined under governmental regulations and
is measured based on the value of our assets and liabilities. An adverse change in our funded status due to the volatility of returns on pension assets and the discount rate could increase our required future contributions to our plans, which may
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to protect our
intellectual property, which cannot be assured. 

Our future success depends in part upon our ability to protect our
intellectual property. We rely principally on nondisclosure agreements and other contractual arrangements and trade secret law and, to a lesser extent, trademark and patent law, to protect our intellectual property. However, these measures may be
inadequate to protect our intellectual property from infringement by others or prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do
U.S. laws. Our inability to protect our proprietary information and enforce our intellectual property rights through infringement proceedings could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Demand for our products may be adversely impacted by regulations related to mine safety. 

Our principal customers are surface and underground mining companies. The mining industry has encountered increased scrutiny as it
relates to safety regulations primarily due to recent high profile mine accidents. Current or proposed legislation and regulations on safety standards and the increased cost of compliance may induce customers to discontinue or limit their mining
operations, and may discourage companies from developing new mines, which in turn could diminish demand for our products. 

Our
manufacturing operations are dependent upon third party suppliers, making us vulnerable to supply shortages and price increases, and we are also limited by our plant capacity constraints. 

In the manufacture of our products, we use large amounts of raw materials and processed inputs including steel, copper, engine
components, and electronic controls. We obtain raw materials and certain manufactured components from third party suppliers. Our ability to grow revenues is constrained by the capacity of our plants, our ability to supplement that capacity with
outside sources, and our success in securing critical raw materials such as steel and copper. To reduce material costs and inventories, we rely on supplier arrangements with preferred vendors as a source for “just in time” delivery of many
raw materials and manufactured components. Because we maintain limited raw material and component inventories, even brief unanticipated delays in delivery by suppliers, including those due to capacity constraints, labor disputes, impaired financial
condition of suppliers, weather emergencies, or other natural disasters, may adversely affect our ability to satisfy our customers on a timely basis and thereby affect our financial performance. If we are not able to pass raw material or component
price increases on to our customers, our margins could be adversely affected. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Labor disputes and increasing labor costs could adversely affect us. 

Many of our principal domestic and foreign operating subsidiaries are parties to collective bargaining agreements with their employees.
As of October 26, 2012, collective bargaining agreements or similar type arrangements cover 30% of our U.S. workforce and 16% of our international employees. We cannot provide assurance that disputes, work stoppages, or strikes will not
arise in the future. In addition, when existing collective bargaining agreements expire, we cannot be certain that we will be able to reach new agreements with our employees. In 2013, union agreements are to expire for 4% of our employees with the
largest covering the United Steel Workers union at our Winfield, Alabama facility. New collective bargaining agreements may be on substantially different terms and may result in increased direct and indirect labor costs. Future disputes with our
employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

17 

Table of Contents

A material disruption to one of our significant manufacturing plants could adversely affect our
ability to generate revenue. 

We produce most of our original equipment and aftermarket parts for each product type at
a limited number of principal manufacturing facilities. If operations at one or more of these significant facilities were to be disrupted as a result of equipment failures, natural disasters, power outages or other reasons, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. Interruptions in production could increase costs and delay delivery of some units. Production capacity limits could cause us to reduce or delay sales efforts until capacity is
available. 

Our business could be adversely affected by our failure to develop new technologies. 

The mining industry is a capital-intensive business, with extensive planning and development necessary to open a new mine. The success of
our customers’ mining projects is largely dependent on the efficiency with which the mine operates. If we are unable to provide continued technological improvements in our equipment that meet the needs and expectations of our customers and the
broader industry on mine productivity, safety and efficiency, the demand for our mining equipment would be adversely affected which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be adversely affected by litigation or contractual obligations entered into in the ordinary course of our business. 

We and our subsidiaries are involved in various unresolved legal matters that arise in the normal course of operations, the most
prevalent of which relate to product liability (including asbestos and silica related liability), employment and commercial matters. In addition, we and our subsidiaries become involved from time to time in proceedings relating to environmental
matters. Also, as a normal part of their operations, our subsidiaries may undertake contractual obligations, warranties, and guarantees in connection with the sale of products or services. Some of these claims and obligations involve significant
potential liability, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Product liability claims
could adversely affect us. 

The manufacture and sale of mining equipment entails an inherent risk of product liability
and other claims related to the performance of our equipment. Although we maintain product liability insurance covering certain types of claims, our policies are subject to substantial deductibles. We cannot be certain that the coverage limits of
our insurance policies will be adequate or that our policies will cover any particular loss. Insurance can be expensive, and we may not always be able to purchase insurance on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Claims brought against us that
are not covered by insurance or that result in recoveries in excess of insurance coverage could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

If we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees, our growth may be hindered. 

Our ability to provide high quality products and services depends in part on our ability to hire and retain skilled personnel in the areas of senior management, product engineering, manufacturing,
servicing and sales. Competition for such personnel is intense and our competitors can be expected to attempt to hire our skilled employees from time to time. In particular, our results of operations could be adversely affected if we are unable to
retain customer relationships and technical expertise provided by our management team and our professional personnel. 

We rely on
significant customers, the loss of one or more of which could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and existing business. 

We are dependent on maintaining significant customers by delivering reliable, high performance mining equipment and other products on a timely basis. We do not consider ourselves to be dependent upon any
single customer; however, our top ten customers collectively accounted for approximately 38% of our sales for fiscal 2012. Our sales have become more concentrated in recent years as consolidation has occurred in the mining industry. The
consolidation and divestitures in the mining industry may result in different equipment preferences among current and former significant customers. The loss of one or more of our significant customers could, at least on a short-term basis, have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

18 

Table of Contents

Increased IT security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems,
networks, products and services. 

We rely upon information technology (IT) systems and networks in connection with a
variety of business activities, and we collect and store sensitive data. Increased IT security threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats, pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the
confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. A failure of or breach in security could expose us and our customers, dealers and suppliers to risks of misuse of information or systems, the compromising of confidential information,
manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operations disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, business and results of operations. In addition, such breaches in
security could result in litigation, regulatory action and potential liability and the costs and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures. 

New regulations related to conflict-free minerals may force us to incur additional expenses. 

In August 2012, the SEC adopted disclosure requirements related to certain minerals sourced from the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries, as required by Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The final rules impose diligence and disclosure obligations with respect to “conflict minerals,” defined as tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold, which are necessary to the functionality of a
product manufactured, or contracted to be manufactured, by an SEC reporting company. If “conflict minerals” necessary to the functionality of a product manufactured by an SEC reporting company originated in the Democratic Republic of Congo
or an adjoining country, the final rules require the issuer to prepare and file a report addressing its efforts to exercise due diligence on the minerals’ source and chain of custody. Our supply chain is complex and we may incur significant
costs to determine the source and custody of any “conflict minerals” necessary to the functionality of our equipment. We may also face reputational challenges if we are unable to verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our
equipment, or if we are unable to certify that our products are “conflict free.” Implementation of this rulemaking may also affect the sourcing and availability of some minerals necessary to the manufacture of our products, and may affect
the availability and price of conflict minerals capable of certification as “conflict-free.” Accordingly, we may incur significant costs as a consequence of this rulemaking, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations.