.

Our business faces many risks. We believe the risks described below outline the items of most
concern to us. However, these risks may not be the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our
business operations.

Nordstrom, Inc. and subsidiaries  5

Table of Contents

ABILITY TO RESPOND TO THE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND FASHION TRENDS

Our sales and operating results depend in part on our ability to predict or respond to changes in
fashion trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner. Any sustained failure to identify and
respond to emerging trends in lifestyle and consumer preferences could have a material adverse
affect on our business. Consumer spending at our stores may be affected by many factors outside of
our control, including consumer confidence, weather and other hazards of nature that affects
consumer traffic, and general economic conditions.

INVENTORY MANAGEMENT

We strive to ensure the merchandise we offer remains fresh and compelling to our customers. If we
are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases, we may have excess
inventory, which would result in additional markdowns and reduce our operating performance.

IMPACT OF COMPETITIVE MARKET FORCES

The recent retail industry consolidation changes the environment for many of our vendors and
customers. In the future, our competition may partner more effectively with vendors to serve the
market’s needs. If we do not effectively respond to changes in our environment, we may see a loss
of market share to competitors, declining same-store sales, and declining profitability due to
higher markdowns.

STORE GROWTH STRATEGY

As of March 2006, our plans for the next three years include
opening 13 new stores and relocating
or remodeling 18 existing stores. In the past, our expected opening dates have sometimes been
delayed because of development plan delays. Our future growth could be negatively impacted by
delays to our store opening, relocating or remodeling plans. In addition, our future net sales at
new, relocated or remodeled stores may not meet our projections, which could reduce our operating
performance. Performance in our new stores could also be impacted based on our ability to hire
employees who are able to deliver the level of service customers have come to expect when shopping
at our stores.

INFORMATION SECURITY AND PRIVACY

The protection of our customer, employee, and company data is critical to us. The regulatory
environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the
frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements across our business units. In
addition, our customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal
information. A significant breach of customer, employee, or company data could damage our
reputation and result in lost sales, fines, or lawsuits.

LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT AND SUCCESSION PLANNING

The training and development of our future leaders is critical to our long-term growth. If we do
not effectively implement our strategic and business planning processes to train and develop future
leaders, our long-term growth may suffer. In addition, if unexpected leadership turnover occurs
without established succession plans, our business may suffer.

BOARD SUCCESSION

A number of our long-standing Directors who were instrumental in leading our Company have retired
or will soon retire from our Board. These Board members with extensive experience will no longer
be actively involved in our business and development of our long-term strategy. We are welcoming a
number of new members to our Board, and we expect to benefit from their vast business experience.

MULTI-CHANNEL STRATEGY EXECUTION

In 2005, we started to make changes in our Direct business that better align our online shopping
environment and catalog with the customer experience in our Full-Line stores. These changes
include: aligning our Direct merchandise offering with our Full-Line stores to create a seamless
experience for our customers between our stores, catalogs and Web site; integrating our Full-Line
stores and Direct merchandise organization; recommending that our Full-Line store salespeople
utilize our Direct inventory to fulfill customer requests when merchandise is not available at
the store; reducing the number and frequency of our Direct catalog mailings; and transitioning our
Direct inventory system onto our Full-Line store platform, all while dealing with changes in the Internet
market in general. If we made decisions that prove to not be embraced by our customers, our sales could decline.
In addition, the cost of integrating these businesses may be greater than expected, which would impact our future
operating performance.

BRAND AND REPUTATION

We have a well-recognized brand that is synonymous with the highest level of customer service. Any
significant damage to our brand or reputation may negatively impact same-store sales, lower
employee morale and productivity, and diminish customer trust, resulting in a reduction in
shareholder value.

CAPITAL EFFICIENCY AND PROPER ALLOCATION

Our goal is to invest capital to maximize our overall returns. This includes spending on
inventory, capital projects and expenses, managing debt levels, managing accounts receivable
through our credit business, and using our assets efficiently to return value to our shareholders.
To a large degree, capital efficiency reflects how well we manage the other key risks to our
Company. The actions taken to address other specific risks may affect how well we manage the more
general risk of capital efficiency. Our recent operating results have raised expectations about
our performance. If we do not properly allocate our capital to maximize returns, we may fail to
continue to produce similar financial results and we may experience a reduction in shareholder
value.

6

Table of Contents

HUMAN RESOURCE REGULATIONS

Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with human resource laws such as wage and hour,
meal and rest period, and commissions. Federal and state wage and hour laws are complex, and the
related enforcement is increasingly aggressive, particularly in the state of California. Failure
to comply with these laws could result in damage to our reputation, class action lawsuits, and
dissatisfied employees.

EMPLOYMENT AND DISCRIMINATION LAWS

State and federal employment and discrimination laws and the related case law continue to evolve,
making ongoing compliance in this area a challenge. Failure to comply with these laws may result
in damage to our reputation, legal and settlement costs, disruption of our business, and loss of
customers and employees, which would result in a loss of net sales and increased employment costs,
low employee morale and attendant harm to our business and results of operations.

TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY

We make investments in information technology to sustain our competitive position. We spend on
average approximately $150 million each year on information technology operations and system
development, and this spending is key to our growth strategy. We must monitor and choose the right
investments and implement them at the right pace. Targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to
make the best investment, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below the
requirements of the business opportunity may result in the loss of our competitive position. In
addition, an inadequate investment in maintaining our current systems may result in a loss of
system functionality and increased future costs to bring our systems up to date.

We may implement too much technology, or change too fast, which could result in failure to adopt the new technology if the business is not ready or capable of accepting it. Excessive
technological change affects the effectiveness of adoption, and could adversely affect the
realization of benefits from the technology. However, not implementing enough technology could
compromise our competitive position.

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations,
including those imposed by the SEC, NYSE, the banking industry, and foreign countries. With recent
high profile business failures on accounting-related issues, additional legal and regulatory
requirements such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have increased the complexity of the regulatory
environment. In addition, foreign laws may conflict with domestic laws. Failure to comply with
the various regulations may result in damage to our reputation, civil and criminal liability, fines
and penalties, increased cost of regulatory compliance, and restatements of financial statements.

ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS

We are incorporated in the state of Washington and subject to Washington state law. Some
provisions of Washington state law could interfere with or restrict takeover bids or other change
in control events affecting us. For example, one statutory provision prohibits us, except under
specified circumstances, from engaging in any significant business transaction with any shareholder
who owns 10% or more of our common stock (which shareholder, under the statute, would be considered
an “acquiring person”) for a period of five years following the time that such shareholder became
an acquiring person.