.

Our business faces many risks. We believe the risks described below outline the items of most
concern to us. However, these risks may not be
the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we
currently deem immaterial, may also impair our
business operations.

Nordstrom, Inc. and subsidiaries  5

Table of Contents

ABILITY TO RESPOND TO THE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND FASHION TRENDS

Our sales and operating results depend in part on our ability to predict or respond to changes in
fashion trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner. Any sustained failure to identify and
respond to emerging trends in lifestyle and consumer preferences could have a material adverse
affect on our business. Consumer spending at our stores may be affected by many factors outside of
our control, including consumer confidence, weather and other hazards of nature that affects
consumer traffic, and general economic conditions.

INVENTORY MANAGEMENT

We strive to ensure the merchandise we offer remains fresh and compelling to our customers. If we
are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases, we may have excess
inventory, which would result in additional markdowns and reduce our operating performance.

IMPACT OF COMPETITIVE MARKET FORCES

The retail industry environment continues to change for many of our vendors and customers. In the
future, our competition may partner more effectively with vendors to serve the market’s needs. If
we do not effectively respond to changes in our environment, we may see
a loss of market share to competitors, declining same-store sales, and declining profitability due
to higher markdowns.

STORE GROWTH STRATEGY

As of February 2007, our plans for the next five years include
opening 26 new or relocated stores
and remodeling 69 existing stores. Our future net sales at new, relocated or remodeled stores may
not meet our projections, which could reduce our operating performance. Performance in our new
stores could also be impacted based on our ability to hire employees who are able to deliver the
level of service customers have come to expect when shopping at our stores. In the past, our
expected opening dates have sometimes been delayed because of developer plan delays. Our future
growth could be negatively impacted by delays to our store opening, relocating or remodeling plans.

INFORMATION SECURITY AND PRIVACY

The protection of our customer, employee, and company data is critical to us. The regulatory
environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the
frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements across our business units. In
addition, our customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal
information. A significant breach of customer, employee, or company data could damage our
reputation and result in lost sales, fines, and lawsuits.

LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT AND SUCCESSION PLANNING

The training and development of our future leaders is critical to our long-term growth. If we do
not effectively implement our strategic and business planning processes to train and develop future
leaders, our long-term growth may suffer. In addition, if unexpected leadership turnover occurs
without established succession plans, our business may suffer.

MULTI-CHANNEL STRATEGY EXECUTION

In 2005, we started to make changes in our Direct business that better align our online shopping
environment and catalog with the customer experience in our Full-Line stores. These changes
include: aligning our Direct merchandise offering with our Full-Line stores to create a seamless
experience for our customers between our stores, catalogs and Web site, linking the Full-Line
stores and Direct merchandise organization; reducing the number and frequency of our Direct catalog
mailings; and transitioning our Direct inventory system onto our Full-Line store platform, all
while dealing with changes in the Internet market in general. Based on our online sales trends and
customer feedback in 2006, we believe that our strategy shift will improve our future operating
performance. We also found that the technology changes will be more challenging than we initially
anticipated. Executing this strategy may cost more and take longer than expected, which could
impact our future operating performance.

BRAND AND REPUTATION

We have a well-recognized brand that is synonymous with the highest level of customer service and
quality merchandise. Any significant damage to
our brand or reputation may negatively impact same-store sales, lower employee morale and
productivity, and diminish customer trust, resulting in a reduction in shareholder value.

CAPITAL EFFICIENCY AND PROPER ALLOCATION

Our goal is to invest capital to maximize our overall long-term returns. This includes spending on
inventory, capital projects and expenses, managing debt levels, managing accounts receivable
through our credit business, and returning value to our shareholders through dividends and share
repurchases. To a large degree, capital efficiency reflects how well we manage the other key risks
to our Company. The actions taken to address other specific risks may affect how well we manage the
more general risk of capital efficiency. Our recent operating results have raised expectations
about our performance. If we do not properly allocate our capital to maximize returns, we may fail
to continue to produce similar financial results and we may experience a reduction in shareholder
value.

HUMAN RESOURCE REGULATIONS

Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with human resource laws such as wage and hour,
meal and rest period, and commissions. Federal and state wage and hour laws are complex, and the
related enforcement is increasingly aggressive, particularly in the state of California. Failure to
comply with these laws could result in damage to our reputation, class action lawsuits, and
dissatisfied employees.

6

Table of Contents

EMPLOYMENT AND DISCRIMINATION LAWS

State and federal employment and discrimination laws and the related case law continue to evolve,
making ongoing compliance in this area a challenge. Failure to comply with these laws may result in
damage to our reputation, legal and settlement costs, disruption of our business, and loss of
customers and employees, which would result in a loss of net sales and increased employment costs,
low employee morale and attendant harm to our business and results of operations.

TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY

We make investments in information technology to sustain our competitive position. We expect to
spend approximately $170 million each year
on information technology operations and system development, which is key to our growth strategy.
We must monitor and choose
the right investments and implement them at the right pace. Targeting the wrong opportunities,
failing to make the best investment, or making
an investment commitment significantly above or below the requirements of the business opportunity
may result in the loss of our competitive position. In addition, an inadequate investment in
maintaining our current systems may result in a loss of system functionality and increased future
costs to bring our systems up to date.

We may implement too much technology, or change too fast, which could result in failure to adopt
the new technology if the business is not ready or capable of accepting it. Excessive technological
change affects the effectiveness of adoption, and could adversely affect the realization of
benefits from the technology. However, not implementing enough technology could compromise our
competitive position.

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations, including those imposed by the SEC,
NYSE, the banking industry, and foreign countries. Additional legal
and regulatory requirements such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have increased the complexity
of the regulatory environment. In addition, foreign laws may conflict
with domestic laws. Failure to comply with the various regulations
may result in damage to our reputation, civil and criminal liability,
fines and penalties, increased cost of regulatory compliance, and
restatements of financial statements.

ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS

We are incorporated in the state of Washington and subject to Washington state law. Some provisions
of Washington state law could interfere with
or restrict takeover bids or other change in control events affecting us. For example, one
statutory provision prohibits us, except under specified circumstances, from engaging in any
significant business transaction with any shareholder who owns 10% or more of our common stock
(which shareholder, under the statute, would be considered an “acquiring person”) for a period of
five years following the time that such shareholder
became an acquiring person.