In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report,
the following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely
affect the Company’s business, financial condition and
results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to the Company or that the Company currently
deems immaterial also may impair the Company’s business
operations and financial condition.

5

Table of Contents

The Company’s performance is affected by general
economic and political conditions and taxation policies.

The Company’s results in the past have been, and in the
future may continue to be, materially affected by changes in
general economic and political conditions in the United States
and other countries, including the interest rate environment in
which the Company conducts business, the financial markets
through which the Company accesses capital and currency,
political unrest and terrorist acts in the United States or
other countries in which the Company carries on business.

The enactment of or increases in tariffs, including value added
tax, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in
markets in which the Company is currently active or may be
active in the future, or on specific products that it sells or
with which its products compete, may have an adverse effect on
its business or on its results of operations.

The Company operates in the highly competitive food
industry.

The Company faces competition across its product lines,
including ready-to-eat
cereals and convenience foods, from other companies which have
varying abilities to withstand changes in market conditions.
Some of the Company’s competitors have substantial
financial, marketing and other resources, and competition with
them in the Company’s various markets and product lines
could cause the Company to reduce prices, increase capital,
marketing or other expenditures, or lose category share, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on the business and
financial results of the Company. Category share and growth
could also be adversely impacted if the Company is not
successful in introducing new products.

The Company’s consolidated financial results and demand
for the Company’s products are dependent on the successful
development of new products and processes.

There are a number of trends in consumer preferences which may
impact on the Company and the industry as a whole. These include
changing consumer dietary trends and the availability of
substitute products.

The Company’s success is dependent on anticipating changes
in consumer preferences and on successful new product and
process development and product relaunches in response to such
changes. The Company aims to introduce products or new or
improved production processes on a timely basis in order to
counteract obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing
products. While the Company devotes significant focus to the
development of new products and to the research, development and
technology process functions of its business, it may not be
successful in developing new products or its new products may
not be commercially successful. The Company’s future
results and its ability to maintain or improve its competitive
position will depend on its capacity to gauge the direction of
its key markets and upon its ability to successfully identify,
develop, manufacture, market and sell new or improved products
in these changing markets.

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other
acquired intangible could negatively affect the Company’s
consolidated operating results and net worth.

The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of
acquired business in excess of identifiable assets and
liabilities as of the acquisition date. The carrying value of
other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks, trade
names, and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition
date. Goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to
contribute indefinitely to the cash flows of the Company are not
amortized, but must be evaluated by management at least annually
for impairment. If carrying value exceeds current fair value,
the intangible is considered impaired and is reduced to fair
value via a charge to earnings. Events and conditions which
could result in an impairment include changes in the industries
in which the Company operates, including competition and
advances in technology; a significant product liability or
intellectual property claim; or other factors leading to
reduction in expected sales or profitability. Should the value
of one or more of the acquired intangibles become impaired, the
Company’s consolidated earnings and net worth may be
materially adversely affected.

As of December 31, 2005, the carrying value of intangible
assets totaled approximately $4.9 billion, of which
$3.5 billion was goodwill and $1.4 billion represented
trademarks, trade names, and other acquired intangibles compared
to total assets of $10.6 billion and shareholders’
equity of $2.3 billion.

The Company may not achieve its targeted cost savings from
cost reduction initiatives.

The Company’s success depends in part on its ability to be
an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry. The
Company has invested a significant amount in capital expenditure
to improve its operational facilities. Ongoing operational
issues are likely to occur when carrying out major production,
procurement, or logistical changes and these as well as any
failure by the Company to achieve its planned cost savings could
have a material adverse effect on its business and consolidated
financial position and on the consolidated results of its
operations and profitability.

6

Table of Contents

The Company has a substantial amount of indebtedness.

The Company has indebtedness that is substantial in relation to
its shareholders’ equity. As of December 31, 2005, the
Company had total debt of approximately $4.9 billion and
shareholders’ equity of $2.3 billion.

The Company’s substantial indebtedness could have important
consequences, including:

 • 

 the ability to obtain additional financing for working capital,
 capital expenditure or general corporate purposes may be
 impaired, particularly if the ratings assigned to the
 Company’s debt securities by rating organizations were
 revised downward;

 • 

 restricting the Company’s flexibility in responding to
 changing market conditions or making it more vulnerable in the
 event of a general downturn in economic conditions or its
 business;

 • 

 a substantial portion of the cash flow from operations must be
 dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on the
 Company’s debt, reducing the funds available to it for
 other purposes including expansion through acquisitions,
 marketing spending and expansion of its product offerings; and

 • 

 the Company may be more leveraged than some of its competitors,
 which may place the Company at a competitive disadvantage.

The Company’s ability to make scheduled payments or to
refinance its obligations with respect to indebtedness will
depend on the Company’s financial and operating
performance, which in turn, is subject to prevailing economic
conditions, the availability of, and interest rates on, short
term financing, and to financial, business and other factors
beyond the Company’s control.

The results of the Company may be materially and adversely
impacted as a result of increases in the price of raw materials,
including agricultural commodities, fuel and labor.

Agricultural commodities, including corn, wheat, soybean oil,
sugar and cocoa, are the principal raw materials used in the
Company’s products. Cartonboard, corrugated, and plastic
are the principal packaging materials used by the Company. The
cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely due to government
policy and regulation, weather conditions, or other unforeseen
circumstances. To the extent that any of the foregoing factors
affect the prices of such commodities and the Company is unable
to increase its prices or adequately hedge against such changes
in prices in a manner that offsets such changes, the results of
its operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Cereal processing ovens at major domestic and international
facilities are regularly fuelled by natural gas or propane,
which are obtained from local utilities or other local
suppliers. Short-term stand-by propane storage exists at several
plants for use of interruption in natural gas supplies. Oil may
also be used to fuel certain operations at various plants. In
addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in
connection with the distribution of the Company’s products.
The cost of fuel may fluctuate widely due to economic and
political conditions, government policy and regulation, war, or
other unforeseen circumstances which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated operating
results or financial condition.

A shortage in the labor pool or other general inflationary
pressures or changes in applicable laws and regulations could
increase labor cost, which could have a material adverse effect
on the Company’s consolidated operating results or
financial conditions.

Additionally, the Company’s labor costs include the cost of
providing benefits for employees. The Company sponsors a number
of defined benefit plans for employees in the United States and
various foreign locations, including pension, retiree health and
welfare, active health care, severance and other postemployment.
The Company also participates in a number of multiemployer
pension plans for certain of its manufacturing locations. The
Company’s major pension plans and U.S. retiree health
and welfare plans are funded, with trust assets invested in a
globally diversified portfolio of equity securities with smaller
holdings of bonds, real estate and other investments. The annual
cost of benefits can vary significantly from year to year and is
materially affected by such factors as a change in the assumed
and actual rate of return on major plan assets, a change in the
weighted-average discount rate used to measure obligations, the
rate of health care cost inflation, and the outcome of
collectively bargained wage and benefit agreements.

The Company may be unable to maintain its profit margins in
the face of a consolidating retail environment. In addition, the
loss of one of the Company’s largest customers could
negatively impact its sales and profits.

The Company’s largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and
its affiliates, accounted for approximately 17% of consolidated
net sales during 2005, comprised principally of sales within the
United States. At December 31, 2005, approximately 12% of
the Company’s consolidated receivables balance and 17% of
the Company’s U.S. receivables balance was comprised
of amounts owed by Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates.
During 2005, the Company’s top five

7

Table of Contents

customers, collectively, accounted for approximately 31% of our
consolidated net sales and approximately 42% of U.S. net
sales. As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and
mass marketers become larger, the large retail customers of the
Company may seek to use their position to improve their
profitability through improved efficiency, lower pricing and
increased promotional programs. If the Company is unable to use
its scale, marketing expertise, product innovation and category
leadership positions to respond, the profitability or volume
growth of the Company could be negatively affected. The loss of
any large customer for an extended length of time could
negatively impact its sales and profits.

Changes in tax, environmental or other regulations or failure
to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations
and laws could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s consolidated financial condition.

The Company’s activities, both in and outside of the United
States, are subject to regulation by various federal, state,
provincial and local laws, regulations and government agencies,
including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration,
U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Departments of
Agriculture, Commerce and Labor, as well as similar and other
authorities of the European Union and various state, provincial
and local governments, as well as voluntary regulation by other
bodies. Various state and local agencies also regulate the
Company’s activities.

The manufacturing, marketing and distribution of food products
is subject to governmental regulation that is becoming
increasingly onerous. Those regulations control such matters as
ingredients, advertising, relations with distributors and
retailers, health and safety and the environment. The Company is
also regulated with respect to matters such as licensing
requirements, trade and pricing practices, tax and environmental
matters. The need to comply with new or revised tax,
environmental or other laws or regulations, or new or changed
interpretations or enforcement of existing laws or regulations,
may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business and results of operations.

The Company’s operations face significant foreign
currency exchange rate exposure which could negatively impact
its operating results.

The Company holds assets and incurs liabilities, earns revenue
and pays expenses in a variety of currencies other than the
U.S. dollar, primarily the British Pound, Euro, Australian
dollar, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso. Because the
Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented
in U.S. dollars, the Company must translate its assets,
liabilities, revenue and expenses into U.S. dollars at
then-applicable exchange rates. Consequently, increases and
decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar may negatively
affect the value of these items in the Company’s
consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not
changed in their original currency. To the extent the Company
fails to manage its foreign currency exposure adequately, the
Company’s consolidated results of operations may be
negatively affected.

If the Company’s food products become adulterated or
misbranded, it might need to recall those items and may
experience product liability if consumers are injured as a
result.

The Company may need to recall some of its products if they
become adulterated or misbranded. The Company may also be liable
if the consumption of any of its products cause injury. A
widespread product recall could result in significant losses due
to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory,
and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period
of time. The Company could also suffer losses from a significant
product liability judgment against it. A significant product
recall or product liability case could also result in a loss of
consumer confidence in the Company’s food products, which
could have a material adverse effect on its business results and
the value of its brands.