In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition. 

6 

Our results may be materially and adversely impacted as a result of increases in the price of raw materials,
including agricultural commodities, fuel and labor. 

Agricultural commodities, including corn, wheat, soybean oil, sugar and cocoa, are the
principal raw materials used in our products. Cartonboard, corrugated, and plastic are the principal packaging materials used by us. The cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy and regulation, weather conditions,
climate change or other unforeseen circumstances. To the extent that any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of such commodities and we are unable to increase our prices or adequately hedge against such changes in prices in a manner that
offsets such changes, the results of our operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we use derivatives to hedge price risk associated with forecasted purchases of raw materials. Our hedged price could exceed the spot price
on the date of purchase, resulting in an unfavorable impact on both gross margin and net earnings. 

Cereal processing ovens at major domestic and
international facilities are regularly fueled by natural gas or propane, which are obtained from local utilities or other local suppliers. Short-term stand-by propane storage exists at several plants for use in case of interruption in natural gas
supplies. Oil may also be used to fuel certain operations at various plants. In addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the distribution of our products. The cost of fuel may fluctuate widely due to economic and
political conditions, government policy and regulation, war, or other unforeseen circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition. 

A shortage in the labor pool or other general inflationary pressures or changes in applicable laws and regulations could increase labor cost, which could have a
material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition. 

Additionally, our labor costs include the cost of providing
benefits for employees. We sponsor a number of defined benefit plans for employees in the United States and various foreign locations, including pension, retiree health and welfare, active health care, severance and other postemployment benefits. We
also participate in a number of multiemployer pension plans for certain of our manufacturing locations. Our major pension plans and U.S. retiree health and welfare plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio
of equity securities with smaller holdings of bonds, real estate and other investments. The annual cost of benefits can vary significantly from year to year and is materially affected by such factors as changes in the assumed or actual rate of
return on major plan assets, a change in the weighted-average discount rate used to measure obligations, the rate or trend of health care cost inflation, and the outcome of collectively-bargained wage and benefit agreements. 

Our operations face significant foreign currency exchange rate exposure and currency restrictions which could negatively impact our operating results.

We hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenue and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the euro,
British pound, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, Mexican peso, Venezuelan bolivar fuerte and Russian ruble. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate our assets, liabilities, revenue and
expenses into U.S. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates. Consequently, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar may unpredictably and negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their
value has not changed in their original currency. 

Concerns with the safety and quality of food products could cause consumers to avoid certain food
products or ingredients. 

We could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or
ingredients, or the food safety system generally. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. 

If our food products become adulterated, misbranded or mislabeled, we might need to recall those items and may experience product liability if consumers are
injured as a result. 

Selling food products involves a number of legal and other risks, including product contamination, spoilage, product
tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. We may need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or misbranded. We may also be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness or death. A widespread product
recall or market withdrawal could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. For example, in June 2010, we initiated a recall of
certain ready-to-eat cereals due to an odor from waxy resins found in the package liner. We could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us. A significant product recall or product liability case could also result
in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our food products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our 

7 

brands. Moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is meritless, does not prevail or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our Company and our
products or processes could adversely affect our reputation or brands. 

Disruption of our supply chain could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our ability, including manufacturing or distribution capabilities, and that of our suppliers,
business partners and contract manufacturers, to make, move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our or their manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, including any potential effects of climate
change, natural disaster, fire or explosion, terrorism, pandemics, strikes, repairs or enhancements at our facilities, or other reasons, could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the
likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore our supply
chain. 

Changes in tax, environmental, food quality and safety or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, labeling, trade,
food quality and safety and other regulations and laws could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition. 

Our
activities, both in and outside of the United States, are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial and local laws, regulations and government agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, U.S. Federal Trade
Commission, the U.S. Departments of Agriculture, Commerce and Labor, as well as similar and other authorities of the European Union, International Accords and Treaties and others, including voluntary regulation by other bodies. The
manufacturing, marketing and distribution of food products are subject to governmental regulation that impose additional regulatory requirements. Those regulations control such matters as food quality and safety, ingredients, advertising, labeling,
relations with distributors and retailers, health and safety and the environment. We are also regulated with respect to matters such as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, tax and environmental matters. The need to comply with new
or revised tax, environmental, food quality and safety or other laws or regulations, or new or changed interpretations or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Further, if we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 

If we pursue strategic acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures, we may not be able to successfully
consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. 

From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions,
divestitures or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. With respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, or achieve expected returns and
other benefits as a result of integration challenges. With respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirers or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay
the accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. Companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and
profitability that justify the investments made. Our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and
financial and other systems, and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent
liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our planned acquisition of the Pringles business may not occur or may not occur in the expected time frame, which may negatively affect the trading prices of our stock and our future business and financial
results. 

Completion of the planned acquisition of the Pringles business is not assured and is subject to risks and uncertainties, including the
risk that the necessary regulatory approvals are not obtained or that other closing conditions are not satisfied. If the acquisition is not completed, or if there are significant delays in completing the acquisition, it could negatively affect the
trading prices of our common stock and our future business and financial results. 

We may not be able to obtain regulatory clearances and approvals
required to complete the Pringles acquisition or, in order to do so, we may be required to accept material restrictions or satisfy material conditions. 

8 

The planned acquisition of the Pringles business is subject to review by regulatory authorities, and the closing of
the transaction is subject to the condition that all waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, have terminated or expired, that the European Commission has issued a decision under the EC Merger
Regulation declaring that the acquisition is compatible with the common market, and that all other applicable governmental approvals required under antitrust laws have been obtained. The acquisition is also subject to the condition that there be no
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order that would make the acquisition unlawful. We can provide no assurance that these or other closing conditions will be satisfied. Subject to certain limitations, we may be required to take certain
actions in connection with obtaining antitrust clearances and other approvals, and we can provide no assurance as to the cost, scope or impact of the actions that may be required. Such actions could be detrimental to us or have the effect of
delaying or preventing the acquisition. 

Our obligation to complete the Pringles acquisition is not subject to a financing condition. 

We intend to finance the acquisition, in part, through debt financing. However, our obligation to complete the acquisition is not subject to a financing condition.
Therefore, in the event that we are unable to obtain a portion of the required financing and are not otherwise able to pay the purchase price, we will be in breach of the transaction agreement. 

We may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits and synergies of the Pringles acquisition at all or in the expected time frame. 

The success of the Pringles acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and synergies from combining and integrating the
Pringles business into our existing business. We may not be able to achieve these objectives, or may not able to achieve these objectives on a timely basis, and the anticipated benefits and synergies therefore may not be realized fully or at all.
The acquisition involves challenges and risks, including risks that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or that we will not realize a satisfactory return. Any integration difficulties could decrease or eliminate the anticipated
benefits and synergies of the Pringles acquisition and could negatively affect the trading prices of our stock and our future business and financial results. 

We may incur substantial costs and liabilities relating to the Pringles acquisition. 

In connection with
entering into and completing the Pringles acquisition, we may incur substantial costs and liabilities. These include transaction-related costs such as costs and expenses incurred in connection with integration or pursuing synergies, fees to
advisors, fees associated with seeking regulatory approvals, and other potential costs and liabilities that, individually or in the aggregate, could be substantial. 

Our consolidated financial results and demand for our products are dependent on the successful development of new products and processes. 

There are a number of trends in consumer preferences which may impact us and the industry as a whole. These include changing consumer dietary trends and the availability of substitute products. 

Our success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences and on successful new product and process development and product relaunches in response
to such changes. We aim to introduce products or new or improved production processes on a timely basis in order to counteract obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing products. While we devote significant focus to the development of new
products and to the research, development and technology process functions of our business, we may not be successful in developing new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. Our future results and our ability to maintain or
improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key markets and upon our ability to successfully identify, develop, manufacture, market and sell new or improved products in these changing markets.

We operate in the highly competitive food industry. 

We face competition across our product lines, including ready-to-eat cereals and convenience foods, from other companies which have varying abilities to withstand changes in market conditions. Most of our
competitors have substantial financial, marketing and other resources, and competition with them in our various markets and product lines could cause us to reduce prices, increase capital, marketing or other expenditures, or lose category share, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Category share and growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing new products. 

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business. 

There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in defending itself in civil, criminal or regulatory actions, including under environmental, food quality and safety, and environmental laws and
regulations, or in asserting its rights under various laws. In addition, the Company could incur substantial 

9 

costs and fees in defending itself or in asserting its rights in these actions or meeting new legal requirements. The costs and other effects of potential and pending litigation and
administrative actions against the Company, and new legal requirements, cannot be determined with certainty and may differ from expectations. 

We
have a substantial amount of indebtedness. 

We have indebtedness that is substantial in relation to our shareholders’
equity. As of December 31, 2011, we had total debt of approximately $6.0 billion and total equity of $1.8 billion and expect to incur an additional $2.0 billion in debt to consummate our pending acquisition of the Pringles®

 business from Procter & Gamble Co. 

Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences, including: 

•

 impairing the ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes, particularly if the ratings
assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward. 

•

 A downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, increase our
commercial paper borrowing costs, or both; 

•

 restricting our flexibility in responding to changing market conditions or making us more vulnerable in the event of a general downturn in economic conditions or
our business; 

•

 requiring a substantial portion of the cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the funds
available to us for other purposes such as expansion through acquisitions, marketing spending and expansion of our product offerings; and 

•

 causing us to be more leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on our financial and operating performance, which
in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions, the availability of, and interest rates on, short-term financing, and financial, business and other factors beyond our control. 

Our performance is affected by general economic and political conditions and taxation policies. 

Customer and
consumer demand for our products may be impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions, or other economic downturns in the United States or other nations. Our results in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be,
materially affected by changes in general economic and political conditions in the United States and other countries, including the interest rate environment in which we conduct business, the financial markets through which we access capital and
currency, political unrest and terrorist acts in the United States or other countries in which we carry on business. 

Current economic conditions in
Europe may delay or reduce purchases by our customers and consumers. This could result in reductions in sales of our products, reduced acceptance of innovations, and increased price competition. Deterioration in economic conditions in any of
the countries in which we do business could also cause slower collections on accounts receivable which may adversely impact our liquidity and financial condition. Financial institutions may be negatively impacted by economic conditions and may
consolidate or cease to do business which could result in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and increased volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets. There could be a
number of effects from a financial institution credit crisis on our business, which could include impaired credit availability and financial stability of our customers, including our suppliers, co-manufacturers and distributors. A disruption in
financial markets may also have an effect on our derivative counterparties and could also impair our banking partners on which we rely for operating cash management. Any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

The enactment of or increases in tariffs, including value added tax, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in
markets in which we are currently active or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, may have an adverse effect on our business or on our results of operations. 

We may be unable to maintain our profit margins in the face of a consolidating retail environment. In addition, the loss of one of our largest customers could
negatively impact our sales and profits. 

Our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 20% of
consolidated net sales during 2011, comprised principally of sales within the United States. At December 31, 2011, approximately 18% of our consolidated receivables balance and 28% of our U.S. receivables balance was comprised of amounts
owed by Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates. No other customer accounted for greater than 10% of net sales in 2011. During 2011, our top five customers, collectively, including Wal-Mart, accounted

10 

for approximately 33% of our consolidated net sales and approximately 46% of U.S. net sales. As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and mass marketers become larger, our large
retail customers may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency, lower pricing and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to use our scale, marketing expertise, product innovation and category
leadership positions to respond, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively affected. The loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits. 

An impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangibles could negatively affect our consolidated operating results and net worth.

The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the
acquisition date. The carrying value of other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks, trade names, and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date. Goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to
our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment. If carrying value exceeds current fair value, the intangible is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a charge to earnings. Events
and conditions which could result in an impairment include changes in the industries in which we operate, including competition and advances in technology; a significant product liability or intellectual property claim; or other factors leading to
reduction in expected sales or profitability. Should the value of one or more of the acquired intangibles become impaired, our consolidated earnings and net worth may be materially adversely affected. 

As of December 31, 2011, the carrying value of intangible assets totaled approximately $5.1 billion, of which $3.6 billion was goodwill and
$1.5 billion represented trademarks, tradenames, and other acquired intangibles compared to total assets of $11.9 billion and total equity of $1.8 billion. An impairment charge of $20 million was recognized in 2010 representing all of
the goodwill from our 2008 acquisition of a business in China. 

Economic downturns could limit consumer demand for our products. 

Retailers are increasingly offering private label products that compete with our products. Consumers’ willingness to purchase our products will depend upon
our ability to offer products that appeal to consumers at the right price. It is also important that our products are perceived to be of a higher quality than less expensive alternatives. If the difference in quality between our products and those
of store brands narrows, or if such difference in quality is perceived to have narrowed, then consumers may not buy our products. Furthermore, during periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more private label or other economy
brands, which could reduce sales volumes of our higher margin products or there could be a shift in our product mix to our lower margin offerings. If we are not able to maintain or improve our brand image, it could have a material effect on our
market share and our profitability. 

We may not achieve our targeted cost savings and efficiencies from cost reduction initiatives. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry. We have invested a significant amount in capital
expenditures to improve our operational facilities. Ongoing operational issues are likely to occur when carrying out major production, procurement, or logistical changes and these, as well as any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and
efficiencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability. 

Technology failures could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business. 

We increasingly rely on
information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information. For example, our production and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and limit costs.
Furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between our personnel, customers, and suppliers depends on information technology. Like other companies, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, as
a result of updating our SAP platform or due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers, and other security issues. We have technology
security initiatives and disaster recovery plans in place or in process to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities, but these measures may not be adequate. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands. 

We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also including patents, trade secrets, copyrights and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of
our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements, third party nondisclosure

11 

and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or
our technology, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. 

We may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands or products. Any litigation regarding patents or other
intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into
costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products.