” below.

     Our principal executive offices are located in New York City, although we maintain sales
operations on a global basis, including locations in the United States, the Netherlands and
Canada.

Business Segments

     In the second quarter of 2007, we revised our segment reporting structure to reflect the
strategic realignment of our businesses and internal reporting. As such, we now report our
operations from continuing operations in two reportable segments as follows:

•

The Direct Brands segment — consists of the specialty retail, outlet, wholesale
apparel, wholesale non-apparel (including accessories, jewelry, handbags and fragrances),
e-commerce and licensing operations of our four retail-based operating segments: JUICY
COUTURE, KATE SPADE, LUCKY BRAND JEANS and MEXX; and

•

The Partnered Brands segment — consists of one operating segment, including the
wholesale apparel, wholesale non-apparel, outlet and specialty retail, e-commerce and
licensing operations of our wholesale-based brands including: the LIZ CLAIBORNE FAMILY OF
BRANDS (AX
CESS, CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE, DANA BUCHMAN(a), LIZ &
CO., and LIZ CLAIBORNE), the MONET FAMILY OF BRANDS (MARVELLA, MONET and TRIFARI),
VILLAGER, our licensed DKNY® JEANS and DKNY® ACTIVE brands, ELLEN TRACY
(b),
ENYCE, NARCISO RODRIGUEZ, as well as COSMETICS & FRAGRANCES (CLAIBORNE, CURVE and USHER).
The remaining brands under strategic review (KENSIE and MAC & JAC) are also reported as
part of the Partnered Brands segment.

 (a)

On January 17, 2008, we announced that we entered into an exclusive license
agreement with Kohl’s naming Kohl’s as the exclusive
retailer of our DANA
BUCHMAN brand. As a result, we expect to close our current DANA BUCHMAN operations in
the first half of 2008 and that the launch of the DANA BUCHMAN line in Kohl’s stores
will occur no later than the first quarter of 2009.

 (b)

On February 14, 2008, we announced an agreement to sell
substantially all of the assets and
liabilities of ELLEN TRACY. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter
of 2008.

     Certain assets and liabilities of the C & C CALIFORNIA, LAUNDRY BY DESIGN and prAna brands
have been segregated and reported as held for sale as of December 29, 2007 and the activities of
such brands, as well as those of EMMA JAMES, INTUITIONS, J.H. COLLECTIBLES and TAPEMEASURE,
previously included in the Partnered Brands Segment, have been segregated and reported as
discontinued operations for all periods presented. Refer to Note 3 of Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

     We also present our results of continuing operations on a geographic basis based on selling
location, between Domestic (wholesale customers, Company specialty retail and outlet stores located
in the United States and e-commerce sites) and International (wholesale customers and Company
specialty retail and outlet and concession stores located outside of the United States). We, as

5

licensor, also license to third parties the right to produce and market products bearing certain
Company-owned trademarks; the resulting royalty income is included within the results of continuing
operations of the associated segment.

     Refer to Note 21 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and “Item 7 — Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

     Direct Brands. Consists of the specialty retail, outlet, wholesale apparel, wholesale
non-apparel (including accessories, jewelry, handbags and fragrances), e-commerce and licensing
operations of the following brands, of which up to twelve seasonal collections are presented for
specialty retail and between five and twelve seasonal collections are presented for wholesale
apparel/non-apparel during 2007.

     JUICY COUTURE

     Our JUICY COUTURE brand offers upscale women’s, men’s and children’s contemporary apparel, as
well as accessories, jewelry and fragrances, under various JUICY COUTURE trademarks. JUICY COUTURE
products are sold predominately through wholly owned retail and outlet stores, select upscale
specialty retail stores and department stores throughout the United States and through distributors
in Asia, Canada, Europe and the Middle East. In addition, JUICY COUTURE has existing licensing
agreements for footwear, optics, watches, swimwear and baby products. For a discussion of our
acquisition of JUICY COUTURE, refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     KATE SPADE

     Our KATE SPADE brand, acquired in December 2006, offers fashion accessories for women and men
under the KATE SPADE and JACK SPADE trademarks. These products are sold primarily in the United
States through wholly-owned retail and outlet stores, select specialty retail and upscale
department stores and through its e-commerce website, as well as through distributors in Asia. KATE
SPADE’s product line includes handbags, small leather goods, fashion accessories, jewelry, luggage
and fragrance. In addition, KATE SPADE has existing licensing agreements for strollers/rockers,
footwear, optics, tabletop and paper products. For a discussion of our acquisition of KATE SPADE,
refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     LUCKY BRAND JEANS

     Our LUCKY BRAND JEANS brand offers women’s, men’s and children’s denim and casual sportswear,
as well as accessories, jewelry and fragrances, under various LUCKY BRAND trademarks. LUCKY BRAND
products are available for sale at wholly owned retail and outlet stores, select department and
better specialty stores and through its e-commerce website. In addition, LUCKY BRAND has existing
licensing agreements for neckwear, swimwear, hats and footwear. For a discussion of our acquisition
of LUCKY BRAND JEANS, refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     MEXX

     Our MEXX brand, which is headquartered in the Netherlands, offers a wide range of men’s,
women’s and children’s fashion apparel under several trademarks including MEXX (men’s and women’s
fashion sportswear), MEXX SPORT (performance sportswear), and XX BY MEXX (coordinated contemporary
separates), for sale outside of the United States, principally in Europe and Canada.

     Partnered Brands. Consists of the wholesale apparel, wholesale non-apparel (including
accessories, jewelry, handbags and fragrances), outlet, concession, specialty retail, e-commerce
and licensing operations of our wholesale-based brands in a wide range of apparel markets, of which
between four and twelve seasonal collections are presented for 2007. This segment includes the
following brands:

LIZ CLAIBORNE FAMILY OF BRANDS

     AXCESS, fashion-forward men’s and women’s apparel and accessories sold principally in
Kohl’s department stores.

     CLAIBORNE, men’s business-casual apparel and sportswear, accessories and fragrances sold at
department stores, our own outlet stores and online. In January 2008,
we announced that we had
entered into an agreement with menswear designer John Bartlett to design the Claiborne line to be
called “CLAIBORNE BY JOHN BARTLETT,” scheduled to launch in Spring 2009.

     CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE, men’s casual separates sold exclusively in J.C. Penney Company, Inc.
(“J.C. Penney”) stores.

6

     DANA BUCHMAN, a classic lifestyle collection of women’s sportswear, accessories, intimate
apparel and footwear. In January 2008, we announced that we
entered into an exclusive license agreement with Kohl’s naming
it as the exclusive retailer of the brand. Pursuant to this
agreement, we will design the products under the license, and Kohl’s will
lead the manufacturing, production, distribution and marketing of
product. The line will
launch at Kohl’s no later than the first quarter of 2009. Prior
to such launch, we will be winding
down the existing inventory of DANA BUCHMAN product and will be closing our existing DANA BUCHMAN
retail and outlet stores.

     LIZ & CO, women’s casual apparel and accessories sold exclusively in J.C. Penney stores.

     LIZ CLAIBORNE, women’s career and casual sportswear, in misses and petite sizes, accessories
and fragrances for sale at department and specialty stores, our own outlet stores and online. This
brand also offers a line of women’s performance wear under the LIZ GOLF trademark. The Company
recently announced that designer Isaac Mizrahi will become Creative Director for the LIZ CLAIBORNE
brand overseeing the design and marketing functions for women’s apparel, accessories and licensing.
Mr. Mizrahi’s first collection is expected to arrive in stores in spring 2009.

     LIZ CLAIBORNE WOMAN, classic career and casual apparel in large-sizes (including petite
proportions) sold at department and specialty stores, our own outlet stores and online.

MONET FAMILY OF BRANDS

     MARVELLA, a jewelry line sold primarily at Target Corporation stores.

     MONET, a signature jewelry brand for women sold in department stores as well as in our own
outlet stores and online.

     MONET2, a signature jewelry brand for women sold primarily in J.C. Penney stores.

     TRIFARI, a signature jewelry brand for women sold primarily in mid-tier department stores.

DKNY® ACTIVE AND DKNY® JEANS LICENSES

     DKNY® ACTIVE offers junior’s, men’s and women’s activewear for sale at department and specialty
stores in the Western Hemisphere, pursuant to the exclusive license we hold to design, produce,
market and sell these products. See Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     DKNY® JEANS offers junior’s, men’s and women’s sportswear, jeans and activewear for sale at
department and specialty stores in the Western Hemisphere, pursuant to the exclusive license we
hold to design, produce, market and sell these products. See Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.

ELLEN TRACY

     ELLEN TRACY offers elegant and sophisticated women’s sportswear under several of our
trademarks, including ELLEN TRACY, LINDA ALLARD ELLEN TRACY and COMPANY ELLEN TRACY, for sale at
upscale department stores and specialty stores. As discussed above, in the first quarter of 2008
we announced an agreement to sell substantially all of the assets and
liabilities of our ELLEN TRACY brand. The
transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2008.

ENYCE

     ENYCE offers men’s and women’s fashion forward streetwear under the ENYCE and RSRV trademarks.
ENYCE products are sold predominately through specialty store chains, better specialty stores and
select department stores throughout the United States and through distributors in Canada, Germany
and Japan.

NARCISO RODRIGUEZ

     NARCISO RODRIGUEZ is a designer brand offering women’s ready-to-wear collections at luxury
retailers worldwide. In addition, NARCISO RODRIGUEZ has existing licensing agreements for the sale
of fragrances for women and men. We are a 50% owner of the entity that
owns the rights to the NARCISO RODRIGUEZ brand and have entered into
an exclusive license for the brand.

7

COSMETICS & FRAGRANCES

     We offer fragrance and bath and body-care products under the following
Company-owned trademarks for women; LIZ CLAIBORNE and LIZSPORT. The trademark for men is CLAIBORNE
SPORT and trademarks for both men and women include BORA BORA, CURVE, MAMBO, REALITIES, SOUL BY
CURVE, SPARK and SPARK SEDUCTION. The Company also holds the exclusive license for the USHER
fragrance. Refer to Note 4 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

SIGRID OLSEN

     On January 8, 2008, we announced the closure of the SIGRID OLSEN brand, which is expected to
be completed in the first half of 2008.

PRANA

     Our
prAna business, acquired in November 2005, offers men’s and
women’s sportswear, performance tops and bottoms, and
accessories, primarily sold in outdoor and specialty retainers
throughout the United States and in Canada, Europe and Japan. In
February 2008, we announced an agreement to sell substantially all of
the assets and liabilities of our prAna brand, which transaction is
expected to close in the first quarter of 2008. For a discussion of
our acquisition of prAna, see Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.

BRANDS REMAINING UNDER STRATEGIC REVIEW

     MAC & JAC and KENSIE were acquired in January 2006. MAC & JAC offers modern, fashionable,
high-quality apparel for women and men and KENSIE offers modern, fashionable, high-quality
contemporary apparel for women, in each case, primarily through select specialty and department
stores in the United States and Canada. For a discussion of our acquisition of MAC & JAC, refer to
Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Specialty Retail Stores:

     As of December 29, 2007, we operated a total of 433 specialty retail stores under various
Company trademarks, excluding locations related to brands that have been disposed of in connection
with our strategic review. Such amount is comprised of 284 retail stores within the United States
and 149 retail stores outside of the United States (primarily in Western Europe and Canada).

     The following table sets forth select information, as of December 29, 2007, with respect to
our specialty retail stores:

U.S. Specialty Retail Stores

Approximate Average Store

 Specialty Store Format

Number of Stores

Size (Square Feet)

 LUCKY BRAND JEANS

165

2,400

 SIGRID OLSEN (a)

54

2,300

 JUICY COUTURE

36

3,300

 KATE SPADE

25

2,300

 DANA BUCHMAN (a)

2

3,800

 JACK SPADE

1

800

 PRANA (b)

1

2,100

 (a)

As result of our decision to close the SIGRID OLSEN brand and the licensing of
the DANA BUCHMAN brand to Kohl’s announced in January 2008, we expect to close all retail
stores related to such brands in the first half of 2008. Some locations will be redeployed
to other direct brand formats.

 (b)

On February 1, 2008, we announced an agreement to sell
our prAna brands; the transaction is
expected to close in the first quarter of 2008.

Foreign Retail Specialty Stores

Approximate Average Store

 Specialty Store Format

Number of Stores

Size (Square Feet)

 MEXX

99

4,500

 MEXX Canada

39

5,300

 MONET Europe

4

900

 LUCKY BRAND Canada

6

2,500

 JUICY COUTURE

1

3,000

     Outlet Stores:

     As of December 29, 2007, we operated a total of 350 outlet stores under various Company-owned
and licensed trademarks, excluding locations related to brands that have been disposed of in
connection with our strategic review. Such amount is comprised of 213 outlet stores within the
United States and 137 outlet stores outside of the United States (primarily in Western Europe and
Canada).

8

The following table sets forth select information, as of December 29, 2007, with respect to
our outlet stores:

U.S. Outlet Stores

Approximate Average Store

 Outlet Store Format

Number of Stores

Size by Square Footage

 LIZ CLAIBORNE

130

10,400

 ELLEN TRACY (a)

16

3,600

 DKNYÒ
 JEANS

15

3,000

 LUCKY BRAND DUNGAREES

15

2,700

 JUICY COUTURE

15

2,500

 KATE SPADE

13

2,100

 LIZ CLAIBORNE WOMAN

6

3,000

 DANA BUCHMAN (b)

3

2,200

 (a)

In February 2008, we announced an agreement to sell
substantially all of the assets and liabilities
of ELLEN TRACY. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2008.

 (b)

As a result of the licensing of the DANA BUCHMAN brand exclusively to Kohl’s
announced in January 2008, we expect to close all retail stores related to the brand in the
first half of 2008.

Foreign Outlet Stores 

Approximate Average Store

 Outlet Store Format

Number of Stores

Size by Square Footage

 MEXX Canada

44

5,500

 MEXX

40

3,300

 LIZ CLAIBORNE Canada

37

4,400

 LIZ CLAIBORNE Europe

9

1,200

 YZZA

7

3,800

     Concession Stores:

     Outside of North America, we operate concession stores in select retail stores, which are
either owned or leased by a third-party department store or specialty store retailer. As of
December 29, 2007, the Company operated a total of 680 concession stores in Europe, excluding
locations related to brands that have been disposed of in connection with our strategic review.

     The following table sets forth select information, as of December 29, 2007, with respect to
our concession stores:

Foreign Concessions 

 Concession Store Format

Number of Stores

 MEXX

313

 MONET Jewelry

282

 LIZ CLAIBORNE Apparel

85

9

     E-Commerce:

     Our products are sold on a number of branded websites. In addition, we operate several
websites that only provide information about our merchandise but do not sell directly to customers.
The following table sets forth select information concerning our branded websites, excluding those
related to C & C CALIFORNIA and LAUNDRY BY DESIGN, which were disposed of in connection with our
strategic review:

Information and Direct to

 Website

Information Only

Consumer Sales

 www.claiborne.com

Ö

 www.curvefragrances.com

Ö

 www.danabuchman.com

Ö

 www.dknyjeans.com

Ö

 www.ellentracy.com (a)

Ö

 www.enyce.com

Ö

 www.jackspade.com

Ö

 www.juicycouture.com

Ö

 www.katespade.com

Ö

 www.kensieclothing.com

Ö

 www.kensiegirl.com

Ö

 www.lizclaiborne.com (b)

Ö

 www.lizclaiborneinc.com (c)

Ö

 www.lizoutlet.com

Ö

 www.loveisnotabuse.com

Ö

 www.luckybrandjeans.com

Ö

 www.macandjac.com

Ö

 www.mexx.com (d)

Ö

 www.monetbridal.com

Ö

 www.prana.com (e)

Ö

 www.realities.com

Ö

 www.sigridolsen.com (f)

Ö

 www.soulbycurve.com

Ö

 (a)

In February 2008, we announced an agreement to
sell substantially all of the assets
and liabilities of ELLEN TRACY. The transaction is expected to close in the
first half of 2008.

 (b)

This website offers LIZ CLAIBORNE branded apparel, accessories and
LIZ CLAIBORNE WOMAN.

 (c)

This website offers investors information concerning the Company.

 (d)

This website offers MEXX branded apparel and accessories for sale
in Germany, France and the Netherlands.

 (e)

On February 1, 2008, we announced the agreement to sell
substantially all of the assets and liabilities of our prAna
brand. We expect to close this transaction in the first quarter of 2008.

 (f)

In January 2008, we announced that we were closing the SIGRID OLSEN
brand. We expect the closure to be completed in the first half of 2008.

     Licensing:

     We license many of our brands to third parties with expertise in certain specialized products
and/or market segments, thereby extending each licensed brand’s market presence. We currently have
64 license arrangements pursuant to which third-party licensees produce merchandise under Company
trademarks in accordance with designs furnished or approved by us, the present terms of which (not
including renewal terms) expire at various dates through 2014. Each of the licenses provides for
the payment to us a percentage of the licensee’s sales of the licensed products against a
guaranteed minimum royalty, which generally increases over the term of the agreement. Income from
our licensing operations is included in Net Sales for the segment under which the license resides.

10

     The following table sets forth select information with respect to select aspects of our
licensed brands, excluding those related to LAUNDRY BY DESIGN, which was disposed of in connection
with our strategic review:

 Products

Brands

 Audio Speaker Cases

LUCKY SOUNDS

 Baby Buggies/Rockers/Carriers

KATE SPADE

 Bed & Bath

LIZ CLAIBORNE, MEXX, SIGRID OLSEN (a), VILLAGER

 Belts

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE, ELLEN TRACY 
(b),
ENYCE, KENSIE

 Blankets/Throws

LIZ CLAIBORNE

 Cosmetics & Fragrances

MEXX, NARCISO RODRIGUEZ

 Decorative Fabrics

LIZ CLAIBORNE

 Dresses/Suits

ELLEN TRACY (b), LIZ CLAIBORNE, LIZ CLAIBORNE WOMAN, LIZ & CO

 Dress Shirts

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE

 Flooring/Area Rugs

LIZ CLAIBORNE

 Footwear

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE, ELLEN TRACY 
(b),
ENYCE, JUICY COUTURE, KATE SPADE, KENSIE, LIZ & CO., LIZ CLAIBORNE,
MEXX, VILLAGER

 Formalwear

CLAIBORNE

 Furniture

LIZ CLAIBORNE

 Handbags

ENYCE, KENSIE

 Hard Tabletop

KATE SPADE

 Intimate Apparel/Underwear

AXCESS, LIZ CLAIBORNE, KENSIE, LIZ & CO., MEXX

 Jewelry and Hair Accessories

ENYCE, KENSIE

 Kids/Baby

CLAIBORNE, ENYCE, JUICY COUTURE, METROCONCEPTS

 Legwear/Socks

AXCESS, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE , ELLEN TRACY 
(b), ENYCE,
KENSIE, LIZ CLAIBORNE, MEXX

 Luggage

CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE, LIZ CLAIBORNE, LIZ & CO

 Men’s Accessories

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE, ENYCE, LUCKY BRAND

 Neckwear/Scarves

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE, ENYCE, KENSIE, LUCKY BRAND

 Optics

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, COMPOSITES — A CLAIBORNE CO, COMPOSITES — A LIZ
CLAIBORNE CO, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE , CRAZY HORSE, DANA
BUCHMAN
(c), ELLEN TRACY 
(b), JUICY COUTURE, KATE
SPADE, LIZ CLAIBORNE, LIZ & CO, LUCKY BRAND, MEXX, SIGRID OLSEN

(a)

 Outerwear

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, CLASSICS BY CLAIBORNE, CLASSICS BY LIZ CLAIBORNE,
CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE , DANA BUCHMAN 
(c), ELLEN TRACY

(b), LIZ CLAIBORNE, LIZ CLAIBORNE WOMAN

 Pants

CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE

 Personal and Home Care Products

LIZ CLAIBORNE, VILLAGER

 School Uniforms

CLAIBORNE, LIZ CLAIBORNE

 Sleepwear/Loungewear

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE, KENSIE, LIZ CLAIBORNE, LUCKY
BRAND, MEXX, STAMP 10, VILLAGER

 Slippers

LIZ CLAIBORNE

Stationery/Paper Goods

KATE SPADE, MEXX

 Sunglasses

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, DANA BUCHMAN 
(c), ELLEN TRACY

(b), JUICY COUTURE, KATE SPADE, KENSIE, LIZ & CO., LIZ
CLAIBORNE, LUCKY BRAND, MAC & JAC, MEXX, SIGRID OLSEN
 (a),
VILLAGER

 Swimwear

JUICY COUTURE, LIZ CLAIBORNE, LIZ CLAIBORNE WOMAN, LUCKY BRAND, MEXX

 Table Linens

LIZ CLAIBORNE

 Tailored Clothing

AXCESS, CLAIBORNE, CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE

 Watches

AXCESS, JUICY COUTURE, KENSIE, LUCKY BRAND, MEXX

 Window Treatments

LIZ CLAIBORNE

 (a)

In January 2008, we announced that we were discontinuing the SIGRID OLSEN brand.
We expect the closure to be completed in the first half of 2008.

 (b)

In February 2008, we announced an agreement to sell substantially all of the assets and liabilities
of ELLEN TRACY. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2008.

 (c)

As discussed above, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Kohl’s
naming it as the exclusive retailer for our DANA BUCHMAN brand.

11

     SALES AND MARKETING

     Domestic sales accounted for approximately 68% of our 2007 and 70% of our 2006 net sales from
continuing operations. Our domestic wholesale sales are made primarily to department store chains
and specialty store customers. Retail sales are made through our own retail and outlet stores.
Wholesale sales are also made to international customers, military exchanges and to other channels
of distribution.

     International sales accounted for approximately 32% of 2007 net sales from continuing
operations, as compared to 30% in 2006. In Europe, wholesale sales are made primarily to
department store and specialty store customers, while retail sales are made through concession
stores within department store locations, as well as our own retail and outlet stores. In Canada,
wholesale sales are made primarily to department store chains and specialty stores, and retail
sales are made through our own retail and outlet stores. In other international markets, including
Asia, the Middle East and Central and South America, we operate principally through third party
licensees, virtually all of which purchase products from us for re-sale at freestanding retail
stores and dedicated department store shops they operate. We also sell to distributors who resell
our products in these territories.

     Wholesale sales (before allowances) from continuing operations from both our Direct and
Partnered brands segments to our 100 largest customers accounted for approximately 82% of 2007
wholesale sales (before allowances) from continuing operations (or 67% of net sales from continuing
operations), as compared to approximately 79% of 2006 wholesale sales (before allowances) from
continuing operations (or 66% of net sales from continuing operations). No single customer
accounted for more than 7% of wholesale sales (before allowances) from continuing operations for
2007 and 2006, (or 5% of net sales from continuing operations for 2007 and 2006), except for
Macy’s, Inc., which accounted for approximately 17% and 21% of wholesale sales (before allowances)
from continuing operations for 2007 and 2006, respectively, or 14% and 17% of net sales from
continuing operations for 2007 and 2006, respectively. See Note 11 of Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. Many major department store groups make centralized buying decisions;
accordingly, any material change in our relationship with any such group could have a material
adverse effect on our operations. We expect that our largest customers will continue to account
for a significant percentage of our sales. Sales to the Company’s domestic department and specialty
store customers are made primarily through our New York City showrooms. Internationally, sales to
our department and specialty store customers are made through several of our showrooms, including
those in the Netherlands, Germany and the United Kingdom.

     For further information concerning our domestic and international sales, see Note 21 of Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements and “Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Overview; Competitive Profile,” below.

     Orders from our customers generally precede the related shipping periods by several months.
Our largest customers discuss with us retail trends and their plans regarding their anticipated
levels of total purchases of our products for future seasons. These discussions are intended to
assist us in planning the production and timely delivery of our products. We continually monitor
retail sales in order to directly assess consumer response to our products.

     We have implemented in-stock reorder programs in several divisions to enable customers to
reorder certain items through electronic means for quick delivery. See “Manufacturing” below.
Many of our retail customers participate in our in-stock reorder programs through their own
internal replenishment systems.

     During 2007, we continued our domestic in-store sales, marketing and merchandising programs
designed to encourage multiple item regular price sales, build one-on-one relationships with
consumers and maintain our merchandise presentation standards. These programs train sales
associates on suggested selling techniques, product, merchandise presentation and client
development strategies and are offered for many of our brands, including our JUICY COUTURE, LIZ
CLAIBORNE and LUCKY BRAND brands and our licensed DKNY® JEANS brand.

     In 2007, we continued the expansion of our domestic in-store shop and fixture programs, which
is designed to enhance the presentation of our products on department store selling floors
generally through the use of proprietary fixturing, merchandise presentations and in-store
graphics. In-store shops operate under the following brand names: AXCESS, CLAIBORNE,
CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE, DANA BUCHMAN, DKNY® JEANS, ELLEN TRACY, JUICY COUTURE, KATE SPADE, LIZ
CLAIBORNE, LIZ & CO, LUCKY BRAND, MEXX, ENYCE, KENSIE, SIGRID OLSEN and VILLAGER. Our Accessories
brand also offers an in-store shop and fixture program. In 2007, we installed, in the aggregate,
approximately 650 in-store shops and, in 2008, we plan to install, in the aggregate, approximately
650 additional in-store shops. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations — Financial Position, Capital Resources and Liquidity.”

12

     We spent approximately $214 million on advertising, marketing and promotion for all of our
brands in 2007, including approximately $63 million on national advertising, compared to aggregate
advertising, marketing and promotion expenditures in 2006 of approximately $184 million, including
approximately $51 million on national advertising.

MANUFACTURING

     We do not own any product manufacturing facilities; all of our products are manufactured in
accordance with our specifications through arrangements with independent suppliers.

     Products produced in Asia represent a substantial majority of the Company’s sales. We also
source product in the United States and other regions. During 2007, several hundred suppliers,
located in approximately 46 countries, manufactured our products, with the largest finished goods
supplier accounting for approximately 4% of the total of finished goods we purchased. We
continually seek additional qualified suppliers throughout the world for our sourcing needs and
seek to allocate our production requirements to suppliers appearing to have superior capacity,
quality (of product, operation and human rights compliance) and financial resources. Our purchases
from our suppliers are processed utilizing individual purchase orders specifying the price and
quantity of the items to be produced. We do not have any long-term, formal arrangements with any
of the suppliers that manufacture our products.

     Most of our products are purchased as completed product “packages” from our manufacturing
contractors, where the contractor purchases all necessary raw materials and other product
components, according to our specifications. When we do not purchase “packages”, we obtain
fabrics, trimmings and other raw materials in bulk from various foreign and domestic suppliers,
which items are then delivered to our manufacturing contractors for use in our products. We do not
have any long-term, formal arrangements with any supplier of raw materials. To date, we have
experienced little difficulty in satisfying our raw material requirements and consider our sources
of supply adequate.

     We operate under substantial time constraints in producing each of our collections. See
“Sales and Marketing” above. In order to deliver, in a timely manner, merchandise which reflects
current tastes, we attempt to schedule a substantial portion of our materials and manufacturing
commitments relatively late in the production cycle, thereby favoring suppliers able to make quick
adjustments in response to changing production needs. However, in order to secure necessary
materials and manufacturing facilities, we must make substantial advance commitments, often as much
as five months prior to the receipt of firm orders from customers for the items to be produced. We
continue to seek to reduce the time required to move products from design to the customer.

     If we should misjudge our ability to sell our products, we could be faced with substantial
outstanding fabric and/or manufacturing commitments, resulting in excess inventories. See “Item 1A
- Risk Factors” below.

     Our arrangements with foreign suppliers are subject to the risks of doing business abroad,
including currency fluctuations and revaluations, restrictions on the transfer of funds, terrorist
activities, pandemic disease and, in certain parts of the world, political, economic and currency
instability. Our operations have not been materially affected by any such factors to date.
However, due to the very substantial portion of our products that are produced abroad, any
substantial disruption of our relationships with our foreign suppliers could adversely affect our
operations.

     In
addition, as we rely on independent manufacturers, a
manufacturer’s failure to ship product to us in a timely manner,
or to meet quality or safety standards, could cause us to miss
delivery dates to our customers. Failure to make
deliveries could cause customers to cancel orders, refuse deliveries
or seek reduced prices, all of which could have a material adverse
effect on us.

     We expect all of our suppliers to adhere to the Liz Claiborne Standards of Engagement, which
include standards relating to child labor, working hours, wage payments and working conditions
generally. We have an ongoing program in place to monitor our suppliers’ compliance with our
standards. In this regard, each year, our internal or external monitors inspect a substantial
portion of our suppliers’ factories. Should we learn of a supplier’s failure to comply with our
standards, we urge the supplier to act quickly in order to comply. If a supplier fails to correct a
compliance deficiency, or if we determine that the supplier will be unable to correct a deficiency,
we may terminate our business relationship with the supplier. In addition, we are a participating
company in the Fair Labor Association’s program. The Fair Labor Association is a non-profit
organization dedicated to improving working conditions worldwide. Our human rights compliance
program was accredited by the Fair Labor Association in May 2005. This accreditation must be
renewed every three years.

     Additionally, we are a certified and validated member of the United States Customs and Border
Protection’s Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) program and expect all of our
suppliers shipping to the United States to adhere to the Company’s C-TPAT requirements, including
standards relating to facility security, procedural security, personnel security, cargo security
and the overall protection of the supply chain. In the event a supplier does not comply with our
C-TPAT requirements or if we determine that the supplier will be unable to correct a deficiency, we
may terminate our business relationship with the supplier.

13

IMPORTS AND IMPORT RESTRICTIONS

     Virtually all of our merchandise imported into the United States, Canada and Europe is subject
to duties. Until January 1, 2005, our apparel merchandise was also subject to quota. Quota
represents the right, pursuant to bilateral or other international trade arrangements, to export
amounts of certain categories of merchandise into a country or territory pursuant to a visa or
license. Pursuant to the Agreement on Textiles and Clothing, quota on textile and apparel
products was eliminated for World Trade Organization (“WTO”) member countries, including the
United States, Canada and European countries, on January 1, 2005. Notwithstanding quota
elimination, China’s accession agreement for membership in the WTO provides that WTO member
countries (including the United States, Canada and European countries) may re-impose quotas on
specific categories of products in the event it is determined that imports from China have surged
and are threatening to create a market disruption for such categories of products (so called
“safeguard quota provisions”). During 2005, the United States and China agreed to a new quota
arrangement, which will impose quotas on certain textile products through the end of 2008. In
addition, the European Union also agreed with China on a new textile arrangement, which imposed
quotas through the end of 2007. The European Union and China have
announced that they will jointly monitor the volume of trade in a
number of highly sensitive product categories during 2008. The United States may also unilaterally impose additional duties
in response to a particular product being imported (from China or other countries) in such
increased quantities as to cause (or threaten) serious damage to the relevant domestic industry
(generally known as “anti-dumping” actions). In addition, China has imposed an export tax on all
textile products manufactured in China; we do not believe this tax will have a material impact on
our business. In January 2007, the U.S. federal government imposed a Vietnam Import Monitoring
Program on five broad product groups — shirts, trousers, sweaters, underwear, and swimwear — to
determine whether any of those imports might be unfairly traded, due to dumping. The review period
will last for the remainder of 2008 with six-month reviews of data collected. If dumping is
suspected, the U.S. Government will self-initiate a dumping case on behalf of the U.S. textile
industry, which could significantly affect our costs. Furthermore, additional duties, generally
known as countervailing duties, can also be imposed by the U.S. Government to offset subsidies
provided by a foreign government to foreign manufacturers if the importation of such subsidized
merchandise injures or threatens to injure a U.S. industry. Recent developments have now made it
possible to impose countervailing duties on products from non-market economies, such as China,
which would significantly affect our costs.

     We are also subject to other international trade agreements and regulations, such as the North
American Free Trade Agreement, the Central American Free Trade Agreement and the Caribbean Basin
Initiative. In addition, each of the countries in which our products are sold has laws and
regulations covering imports. Because the U.S. and the other countries in which our products are
manufactured and sold may, from time to time, impose new duties, tariffs, surcharges or other
import controls or restrictions, including the imposition of “safeguard quota,” or adjust presently
prevailing duty or tariff rates or levels, we maintain a program of intensive monitoring of import
restrictions and opportunities. We strive to reduce our potential exposure to import related risks
through, among other things, adjustments in product design and fabrication and shifts of production
among countries and manufacturers.

     In light of the very substantial portion of our products that are manufactured by foreign
suppliers, the enactment of new legislation or the administration of current international trade
regulations, executive action affecting textile agreements, or changes in sourcing patterns
resulting from the elimination of quota, could adversely affect our operations. Although we
generally expect that the elimination of quota will result, over the long term, in an overall
reduction in the cost of apparel produced abroad, the implementation of any “safeguard quota
provisions”, “countervailing duties” or any “anti-dumping” actions may result, over the near term,
in cost increases for certain categories of products and in disruption of the supply chain for
certain products categories. See “Item 1A — Risk Factors” below.

     Apparel and other products sold by us are also subject to regulation in the U.S. and other
countries by other governmental agencies, including, in the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission,
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Consumer Products Safety Commission. These regulations
relate principally to product labeling, content and safety requirements, licensing requirements and
flammability testing. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with those regulations, as
well as applicable federal, state, local, and foreign regulations relating to the discharge of
materials hazardous to the environment. We do not estimate any significant capital expenditures for
environmental control matters either in the current year or in the near future. Our licensed
products and licensing partners are also subject to regulation. Our agreements require our
licensing partners to operate in compliance with all laws and regulations, and we are not aware of
any violations which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business
or results of operations.

     Although we have not suffered any material inhibition from doing business in desirable markets
in the past, we cannot assure that significant impediments will not arise in the future as we
expand product offerings and introduce additional trademarks to new markets.

14

DISTRIBUTION

     We distribute a substantial portion of our products through facilities we own or lease. Our
principal distribution facilities are located in California, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island and the Netherlands. See “Item 2 — Properties” below.

BACKLOG

     On February 15, 2008, our order book reflected unfilled customer orders for approximately $1.0
billion of merchandise, as compared to approximately $1.2 billion at February 16, 2007. These
orders represent our order backlog. The amounts indicated include both confirmed and unconfirmed
orders, which we believe, based on industry practice and our past experience, will be confirmed.
We expect that substantially all such orders will be filled within the 2008 fiscal year. We note
that the amount of order backlog at any given date is materially affected by a number of factors,
including seasonal factors, the mix of product, the timing of the receipt and processing of
customer orders and scheduling of the manufacture and shipping of the product, which in some
instances is dependent on the desires of the customer. Accordingly, order book data should not be
taken as providing meaningful period-to-period comparisons.

TRADEMARKS

     We own most of the trademarks used in connection with our businesses and products. We also
act as licensee of certain trademarks owned by third parties.

     The following table summarizes the principal trademarks we own and/or use in connection with
our businesses and products, excluding those related to brands (i) that have been disposed of or
discontinued (C & C CALIFORNIA, ELISABETH, EMMA JAMES, INTUITIONS, J.H. COLLECTIBLES, LAUNDRY BY
DESIGN and TAPEMEASURE), (ii) that we have announced we will be discontinuing (FIRST ISSUE, SIGRID
OLSEN, STAMP 10 and TINT) and (iii) for which we have entered a definitive agreement to dispose of
in connection with our strategic review (ELLEN TRACY, LINDA ALLARD ELLEN TRACY, prAna and TRACY
ELLEN TRACY):

AXCESS

LIZ CLAIBORNE

CLAIBORNE

LUCKY BRAND

CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE

LUCKY YOU LUCKY BRAND

COUTURE COUTURE

MAC & JAC

CURVE

MARVELLA

DANA BUCHMAN (a)

MEXX

ENYCE

MONET

JACK SPADE

MONET 2

JUICY COUTURE

NARCISO RODRIGUEZ

KATE SPADE

REALITIES

KENSIE

TRIFARI

LIZ

VILLAGER

LIZ & CO

XX BY MEXX

 Licensed Trademarks

DKNYÒ
 ACTIVE

DKNYÒ JEANS

USHER(b)

 (a)

On January 17, 2008, we announced that we entered into an exclusive
license agreement with Kohl’s, naming Kohl’s as the
exclusive retailer for the DANA BUCHMAN brand. As a result, we expect to close our current DANA BUCHMAN
operations in the first half of 2008 and that the launch of the DANA BUCHMAN line in
Kohl’s stores will occur no later than the first quarter of 2009.

 (b)

Refer to Note 4 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     In addition, we own and/or use many other logos and secondary trademarks, such as the JUICY
COUTURE crest and the LUCKY BRAND clover mark, associated with the above mentioned trademarks.

15

     We have registered, or applied for registration of, a multitude of trademarks throughout the
world, including those referenced above, for use on a variety of apparel and apparel-related
products, including accessories, home furnishings, cosmetics and jewelry, as well as for retail
services. We regard our trademarks and other proprietary rights as valuable assets and believe that
they have significant value in the marketing of our products. We vigorously protect our trademarks
and other intellectual property rights against infringement.

     In general, trademarks remain valid and enforceable as long as the marks are used in
connection with the related products and services and the required registration renewals are filed.
We regard the license to use the trademarks and our other proprietary rights in and to the
trademarks as valuable assets in marketing our products and, on a worldwide basis, vigorously seek
to protect them against infringement. As a result of the appeal of our brands, our products have
from time to time been the object of counterfeiting. We have implemented an enforcement program,
which we believe has been generally effective in controlling the sale of counterfeit products in
the U.S. and in major markets abroad.

     In markets outside of the U.S., our rights to some or all of our trademarks may not be clearly
established. In the course of our international expansion, we have experienced conflicts with
various third parties who have acquired ownership rights in certain trademarks, including “Lucky
and “Juicy,” which would impede our use and registration of some of our principal trademarks. While
such conflicts are common and may arise again from time to time as we continue our international
expansion, we have generally successfully resolved such conflicts in the past through both legal
action and negotiated settlements with third-party owners of the conflicting marks. Although we
have not in the past suffered any material restraints or restrictions on doing business in
desirable markets or in new product categories, we cannot assure that significant impediments will
not arise in the future as we expand product offerings and additional brands to new markets.

COMPETITION

     Notwithstanding our position as one of the largest fashion apparel and related accessories
companies in the United States, we are subject to intense competition as the apparel and related
product markets are highly competitive, both within the United States and abroad. We compete with
numerous designers and manufacturers of apparel and accessories, and fragrances, both domestic and
foreign. We compete primarily on the basis of fashion, quality and price, and our ability to
compete successfully depends upon a variety of factors, including among other things our ability
to:

•

anticipate and respond to changing consumer demands in a timely manner;

•

develop quality and differentiated products that appeal to consumers;

•

appropriately price products;

•

establish and maintain favorable brand name and recognition;

•

maintain and grow market share;

•

establish and maintain acceptable relationships with our retail customers;

•

provide appropriate service and support to retailers;

•

provide effective marketing support and brand promotion;

•

appropriately identify size and location of our retail stores and department store
selling space;

•

protect our intellectual property; and

•

optimize our retail and supply chain capabilities.

See
“Item 1A-Risk Factors”.

Within our U.S.-based, retail-focused Direct Brands segment, our principal competitors vary by
brand and include the following:

•

For JUICY COUTURE: Theory, Diane Von Furstenberg, BCBG, Marc by Marc Jacobs, D&G and
Vince

•

For LUCKY BRAND JEANS: Diesel, Guess, True Religion and 7 for all Mankind

•

For KATE SPADE: Coach, Cole Haan, Michael Kors and Tory Burch (Accessories)

The principal competitors of our MEXX European business include Esprit, Zara and InWear/Matinique.

     Our principal competitors in the United States for the majority of the wholesale-based
Partnered Brands segment (LIZ CLAIBORNE and MONET families of brands and our licensed DKNY® JEANS
and DKNY
® ACTIVE brands) include Jones Apparel Group, Inc., Polo Ralph Lauren Corporation, as well
as department store private label brands. For ENYCE, competitors include Ecko, Rocawear and Sean
John.

16

EMPLOYEES

     At December 29, 2007, we had approximately 16,500 full-time employees worldwide, as compared
to approximately 17,000 full-time employees at December 30, 2006.

     In the United States and Canada, we are bound by collective bargaining agreements with UNITE
HERE (which was previously known as the Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees,
prior to its merger with the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees International Union) and with
related locals. Most of the UNITE HERE represented employees are employed in warehouse and
distribution facilities we operate within the United States (California, New Jersey, Ohio,
Pennsylvania and Rhode Island), and in Canada (Vancouver, British Columbia, and Montreal, Quebec).
The agreements with UNITE HERE expire in May 2009, other than the local agreements covering
employees at our Cincinnati, Ohio facility, which expire in June 2008. Collectively, these
agreements cover approximately 1,300 of our full-time employees. While relations between the
Company and the union have historically been amicable, the Company cannot rule out the possibility
of a labor dispute at one or more of its facilities. In addition, we are bound by an agreement with
the Industrial Professional & Technical Workers International Union, covering approximately 180 of
our full-time employees at our Santa Fe Springs, California facility and expiring on May 14, 2010.

     We consider our relations with our employees to be satisfactory and to date we have not
experienced any interruption of our operations due to labor disputes. For a discussion regarding
our recent announcement concerning a reduction in our workforce, see “Item 7 — Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Overview; Competitive
Profile,” below.



.

     The
following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with
evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other written or
oral communication made by or with the approval of any of our
authorized personnel. Any of the following risks
could materially adversely affect us, our business, our operating
results, our financial condition and the actual outcome of matters
as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Report.

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Long-Term Growth Strategy

We cannot assure the successful implementation and results of the long-term strategic plan that we
announced in July 2007.

     Our ability to execute our long-term growth plan and achieve our projected results is subject
to a variety of risks, including the following:

 •

In June 2007, we announced that we reorganized our Company into five
operating segments that aggregate into two reportable segments, Direct
Brands and Partnered Brands, and realigned our management structure
around this new organization. There can be no assurances that such
restructuring and realignment will improve our operations or our
results.

 •

As part of our strategic plan, we designated 16 brands for strategic
review, which included possible sale, licensing or closure. There can
be no assurances that we appropriately identified the appropriate
brands for strategic review or that we appropriately valued the assets
which we have sold or licensed to third parties. Moreover, we have
not closed the previously announced sales of our prAna and ELLEN TRACY
brands, and such closings are subject to a variety of closing
conditions; accordingly, there can be no assurances that those
transactions will in fact close.

 •

Our strategic plan involves a significant expansion of our specialty
retail business. The successful operation and expansion of our
specialty retail business in our Direct Brands segment is subject to,
among other things, our ability to successfully expand the specialty
store base of our Direct Brands segment, our ability to successfully
find appropriate sites, negotiate favorable leases, design and create
appealing merchandise, appropriately manage inventory levels, install
and operate effective retail systems, apply appropriate pricing
strategies and integrate such stores into our overall business mix.
There can be no assurances that we can be successful in this regard,
and our inability to successfully expand our specialty retail business
would have a material adverse effect on our results.

 •

We have announced a number of initiatives designed to achieve greater
collaboration with our wholesale customers and to improve results of
the Company’s wholesale-based Partnered Brands. These initiatives
include design agreements with Isaac Mizrahi with respect to our LIZ
CLAIBORNE brand and John Bartlett with respect to our CLAIBORNE
(men’s) brand. Our wholesale customers have been seeking
differentiated product and we believe that these design agreements
will enable us to distinguish our product offering. However, there
can be no assurances that these arrangements will result in improved
product or that the resulting products will be acceptable to our
wholesale customers or consumers.

 •

The successful implementation of our strategic plan will require us to
evolve our supply chain system, including our product development,
sourcing, logistics and technology functions, to reduce product
cycle-time and costs and meet customer demands and the requirements of
the projected growth of our retail-based Direct Brands segment. There
can be no assurances that we can be successful in these efforts and
our failure to evolve our supply chain capabilities and reduce costs
in this area will have a material adverse impact on our business and
results.

 •

We previously announced that our structural realignment and other
initiatives would yield substantial cost savings, and that we expected
such savings would drive operating margin expansion beginning in 2008.
There can be no assurances that we can successfully implement the
anticipated cost savings as announced on June 20, 2007.

17

 •

Our strategic plan focuses on building strong brands through increased
marketing spending. Our ability to fund such efforts is critical to
the success of our strategy. Our inability to fund marketing
initiatives appropriate to support our strategic plan will have a
material adverse impact on our ability to achieve the growth we
project in our Direct Brands segment.

We cannot assure that we can attract and retain talented highly qualified executives, or maintain
satisfactory relationships with our employees, both union and non-union.

     Our success depends, to a significant extent, both upon the continued services of these
individuals, as well as our ability to attract, hire, motivate and retain additional talented and
highly qualified management in the future, including in the areas of design, merchandising, sales,
supply chain, marketing, production and systems, as well as our ability to hire and train qualified
retail management and associates. In addition, we will need to provide for the succession of
senior management. The loss of key members of management and our failure to successfully plan for
succession could disrupt our operations and our ability to successfully operate our business and
execute our strategic plan.

     At the 2007 fiscal year end, we had approximately 16,500 full-time employees worldwide. We are
bound by a variety of collective bargaining agreements with two unions, covering approximately
1,480 employees, mostly in our warehouse and distribution facilities. We consider our relations
with our non-union and union employees to be satisfactory and to date we have not experienced any
interruption of our operations due to labor disputes. While our relations with the unions have
historically been amicable, the Company cannot rule out the possibility of a labor dispute at one
or more of its facilities, particularly in light of facility closings. Any such dispute could have
a material adverse impact on our business.

The success of our business depends on our ability to respond to constantly changing consumer
demands and tastes and fashion trends, across multiple product lines, shopping channels and
geographies.

     The apparel and accessories industries have historically been subject to rapidly changing
consumer demands and tastes and fashion trends. We believe that our success is largely dependent on
our ability to effectively anticipate, gauge and respond to changing consumer demands and taste,
across multiple product lines, shopping channels and geographies, in the design, pricing, styling
and production of our products and in the merchandising and pricing of products in our retail
stores. Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers whose preferences cannot be
predicted with certainty and are subject to constant change. Also, we must maintain and enhance
favorable brand recognition, which may be affected by consumer attitudes towards the desirability
of fashion products bearing a “mega brand” label and which are widely available at a broad range of
retail stores.

     We attempt to schedule a substantial portion of our materials and manufacturing commitments
relatively late in the production cycle; however, in order to secure necessary materials and
manufacturing facilities, we must make substantial advance commitments, often as much as five
months prior to the receipt of firm orders from customers for the items to be produced. We need to
translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product offerings relatively far in advance,
while minimizing excess inventory
positions, and correctly balance the level of our fabric and/or merchandise commitments with
actual customer orders. We cannot assure that we will be able to continue to develop appealing
styles and brands or successfully meet changing customer and consumer demands in the future. In
addition, we cannot assure any new products or brands that we introduce will be successfully
received and supported by our wholesale customers or consumers. Our failure to gauge consumer
needs and fashion trends and respond appropriately, and to appropriately forecast our ability to
sell products, could adversely affect retail and consumer acceptance of our products and leave us
with substantial outstanding fabric and/or manufacturing commitments,
resulting in increases in unsold inventory or missed opportunities. If that occurs, we may need to employ
markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess inventory, which may harm our business and
results. At the same time, our focus on inventory management may result, from time to time, in our
not having a sufficient supply of products to meet demand and cause us to lose potential sales.

Our business could suffer if we cannot adequately establish, defend and protect our trademarks and
other proprietary rights.

     We believe that our trademarks and other proprietary rights are significantly important to our
success and competitive position. Accordingly, we devote substantial resources to the establishment
and protection of our trademarks and anti-counterfeiting activities on a worldwide basis.
Counterfeiting of our products, particularly our JUICY COUTURE, LUCKY BRAND and KATE SPADE brands,
continues, however, and in the course of our international expansion we have experienced conflicts
with various third parties that have acquired or claimed ownership rights in some of our trademarks
or otherwise have contested our rights to our trademarks. We have, in the past, resolved certain of
these conflicts through both legal action and negotiated settlements, none of which, we believe,
has had a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. There can be no
assurances that the actions taken to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary
rights will be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or to prevent others from
seeking to block sales of our products as a violation of their trademarks and proprietary rights.
Moreover, there can be no assurances that in certain countries others will not assert rights in, or
ownership of, our trademarks and

18

other proprietary rights or that we will be able to successfully
resolve such conflicts. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect
proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. The loss of such
trademarks and other proprietary rights, or the loss of the exclusive use of such trademarks and
other proprietary rights, could have a material adverse effect on us. Any litigation regarding our
trademarks or other proprietary rights could be time consuming and costly.

Our success will depend on our ability to successfully develop or acquire new product lines or
enter new markets or product categories.

     We have in the past, and may, from time to time, acquire or develop new product lines and/or
enter new markets or product categories, including through licensing arrangements. This would
include our acquisition of KATE SPADE in 2006, our agreement with NARCISO RODRIGUEZ, the license of
our DANA BUCHMAN brand to Kohl’s and the sale of our LIZ & CO. and CONCEPTS BY CLAIBORNE brands
outside of better department stores. These activities are accompanied by a variety of risks
inherent in any such new business venture, including the following:

 •

Our ability to identify appropriate business development
opportunities, including new product lines and markets.

 •

New businesses, product lines or market activities may require methods
of operations, investments and marketing and financial strategies
different from those employed in our other businesses, and may also
involve buyers, store customers and/or competitors different from our
historical buyers, store customers and competitors.

 •

We may not be able to generate projected or satisfactory level of
sales, profits and/or return on investment for a new business or
product line, and may also encounter unanticipated events and unknown
or uncertain liabilities that could materially impact our business.

 •

We may experience possible difficulties, delays and/or unanticipated
costs in integrating the business, operations, personnel and/or
systems of an acquired business and may also not be able to retain and
appropriately motivate key personnel of an acquired business.

 •

We may not be able to maintain product licenses, which are subject to
agreement with a variety of terms and conditions, or to enter into new
licenses to enable us to launch new products and lines.

 •

With respect to a business where we act as licensee, such as our
licensed DKNY JEANS® and DKNY ACTIVE® brands and our NARCISO RODRIGUEZ
brand, there are a number of inherent risks, including, without
limitation, compliance with terms set forth in the applicable license
agreements, including among other things the maintenance of certain
levels of sales and the public perception and/or acceptance of the
licensor’s brands or other product lines, which are not within our
control.

Our
ability to continue to have the liquidity necessary, through cash
flow from operations and financing, may be adversely impacted by a
number of factors, including the downgrading of our credit rating.

     Our
primary ongoing cash requirements are to fund growth in working
capital (primarily accounts receivable and inventory), to invest in
our supply chain and information systems, to fund investment in
marketing and capital expenditures, and to fund our anticipated
retail store expansion, as well as expenditures for in-store
merchandise shops and normal maintenance activities. We also require
cash to fund potential acquisitions and payments related to earn-out
provisions of existing acquisition agreements.
In addition, we will require cash to fund any repurchase of Company stock under our
previously announced share repurchase programs. Our historical sources of liquidity to fund ongoing cash
requirements include cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents and securities on hand,
as well as borrowings through our commercial paper program and bank lines of credit
(which include revolving and trade letter of credit facilities).

     We
anticipate that cash flows from operations, our commercial paper
program and bank and letter of credit facilities will be sufficient
to fund our liquidity requirements for the next twelve months and
that we will be able to adjust the amounts available under these
facilities if necessary. Such sufficiency and availability may be
adversely affected by a variety of factors, including, without
limitation, our ability to execute our strategy, retailer and
consumer acceptance of our products, which may impact our financial
performance, maintenance of our investment-grade credit rating,
maintenance of financial covenants (as amended) of our debt and
credit facilities, as well as interest rate and exchange rate
fluctuations. We can not be certain that any additional required
financing, whether debt or equity,
will be available in amounts needed or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.

     On
August 8, 2007 and September 10, 2007 Moody’s and Standard &
Poor’s (“S&P”), respectively, completed a review
of our credit rating. Moody’s lowered the senior unsecured debt
rating to Baa3 from Baa2 and the commercial paper rating to Prime-3
from Prime-2. S&P affirmed our BBB unsecured debt rating and
lowered the commercial paper rating to A-3 from A-2. On February 15,
2008, Moody’s placed our Baa3 senior unsecured and Prime-3
commercial paper ratings under review for possible downgrade. There
can be no assurance that we will not be further downgraded by either
Moody’s or S&P, and any such additional downgrade could
adversely impact our ability to obtain financing in amounts needed or on
terms acceptable to us, if at all.

Risks Associated With Competition and the Marketplace

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, both within the United States and abroad.

     We face intense competitive challenges from other domestic and foreign fashion apparel and
accessories producers and retailers. Competition is based on a number of factors, including the
following:

 •

Anticipating and responding to changing consumer demands in a timely manner;

 •

Establishing and maintaining favorable brand name and recognition;

 •

Product quality;

 •

Maintaining and growing market share;

 •

Developing quality and differentiated products that appeal to consumers;

 •

Establishing and maintaining acceptable relationships with our retail customers;

 •

Pricing products appropriately;

 •

Providing appropriate service and support to retailers;

 •

Optimizing our retail and supply chain capabilities;

 •

Size and location of our retail stores and department store selling space; and

 •

Protecting intellectual property.

     Any increased competition, or our failure to adequately address these competitive factors,
could result in reduced sales or prices, or both, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
We also believe there is an increasing focus by the department stores to concentrate an increasing
portion of their product assortments within their own private label products. These private label
lines compete directly with our product lines and may receive prominent positioning on the retail
floor by department stores.

Our wholesale business is largely dependent on sales to a limited number of large U. S. department
store customers, and our business could suffer as a result of consolidations, restructurings and
other ownership changes in the retail industry.

     Our 100 largest customers from both our Direct and Partnered Brands segments accounted for
approximately 82% of 2007 wholesale sales (before allowances) from continuing operations (or 67% of
net sales from continuing operations).

19

See “Item 1-Business-Sales and Marketing.” Many major
department store groups make centralized buying decisions; accordingly, any material change in our
relationship with any such group could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We expect
that our largest customers will continue to account for a significant percentage of our sales.

     Our dependence on sales to a limited number of large U.S. department store customers is
subject to our ability to respond effectively to, among other things, (i) these customers’ buying
patterns, including their purchase and retail floor space commitments for apparel in general
(compared with other product categories they sell) and our products specifically (compared with
products offered by our competitors, including with respect to customer and consumer acceptance,
pricing and new product introductions); (ii) these customers’ strategic and operational
initiatives, including their continued focus on further development of their “private label”
initiatives; (iii) these customers’ desire to have the Company provide them with exclusive and/or
differentiated designs and product mixes; (iv) these customers’ requirements for vendor margin
support; (v) any credit risks presented by these customers, especially given the significant
proportion of the Company’s accounts receivable they represent; and (vi) the effect of any
potential consolidation among one or more of these larger customers, such as the merger between
Macy’s Inc. and The May Department Store Company.

     We do not enter into long-term agreements with any of our customers. Instead, we enter into a
number of purchase order commitments with our customers for each of our lines every season. A
decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores or any other significant customer, whether
motivated by competitive conditions, financial difficulties or otherwise, to decrease or eliminate
the amount of merchandise purchased from us or to change their manner of doing business with us
could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition.

     We sell our wholesale merchandise primarily to major department stores across the U.S. and
Europe and extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer’s financial condition, usually
without requiring collateral. However, the financial difficulties of a customer could cause us to
curtail or eliminate business with that customer. We may also assume
more credit risk relating to our receivables from
that customer. Our inability to collect on our trade accounts receivable from any of
our largest customers could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition.

Our reliance on independent manufacturers could cause delay and loss and damage our reputation and
customer relationships.

     We do not own any product manufacturing facilities; all of our products are manufactured in
accordance with our specifications through arrangements with independent suppliers. Products
produced in Asia represent a substantial majority of our sales. We also source product in the
United States and other regions. During 2007, several hundred suppliers, located in approximately
46 countries, manufactured our products, with the largest finished goods supplier accounting for
approximately 4% of the total of finished goods we purchased. A supplier’s failure to manufacture
and deliver products to us in a timely manner or to meet our quality standards could cause us to
miss the delivery date requirements of our customers for those items. The failure to make timely
deliveries may drive customers to cancel orders, refuse to accept deliveries or demand reduced
prices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us and our reputation in the
marketplace. Also, a manufacturer’s failure to comply with safety and content regulations and
standards, including with respect to children’s product and fashion jewelry, could result in
substantial liability and damage to our reputation. While we provide our manufacturers with
standards and we employ independent testing for safety and content issues, there can be no
assurances that we will be able to prevent or detect all failures of our manufacturers to comply
with such standards and regulations.

     We require our independent manufacturers (as well as our licensees) to operate in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations. While our internal and vendor operating guidelines promote
ethical business practices and our staff periodically visits and monitors the operations of our
independent manufacturers, we do not control these manufacturers or their labor practices. The
violation of labor or other laws by an independent manufacturer used by us (or any of our
licensees), or the divergence of an independent manufacturer’s (or licensee’s) labor practices from
those generally accepted as ethical in the U.S., could interrupt, or otherwise disrupt the shipment
of finished products to us or damage our reputation. Any of these, in turn, could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

     Our arrangements with foreign suppliers are also subject generally to the risks of doing
business abroad, including currency fluctuations and revaluations, restrictions on the transfer of
funds, terrorist activities, pandemic disease and, in certain parts of the world, political,
economic and currency instability. Our operations have not been materially affected by any such
factors to date. However, due to the very substantial portion of our products that are produced
abroad, any substantial disruption of our relationships with our foreign suppliers could adversely
effect our operations.

20

Economic, Social, Political and Regulatory Risks

General economic conditions, including a downturn in the economy, may affect consumer purchases of
discretionary items and fashion and retail products, which could adversely affect our sales.

     The industries in which we operate have historically been subject to cyclical variations,
recessions in the general economy and future economic outlook. Our results are dependent on a
number of factors impacting consumer spending including but not limited to, general economic and
business conditions; consumer confidence; wages and employment levels; the housing market; consumer
debt levels; availability of consumer credit; credit and interest rates; fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates; fuel and energy costs; energy shortages; the level of the stock market;
taxes; general political conditions, both domestic and abroad; and the level of customer traffic
within department stores, malls and other shopping and selling environments.

     Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including our products, may decline during
recessionary periods and at other times when disposable income is lower. A downturn or an uncertain
outlook in the economies in which we sell our products may materially adversely effect our
businesses and our revenues and profits. The domestic and international political situation also
affects consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts or
other hostilities could lead to a decrease in consumer spending.

     Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used
by us in our manufactured apparel and in the price of materials used to manufacture our footwear
and accessories could have a material adverse effect on our cost of sales or our ability to meet
our customers’ demands. The prices for such fabrics depend largely on the market prices for the raw
materials used to produce them, particularly cotton, leather and synthetics. The price and
availability of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors,
including crop yields and weather patterns. In the future, we may not be able to pass all or a
portion of such higher raw materials prices on to our customers.

Our business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency fluctuations.

     While we generally purchase our products in U.S. dollars, we source most of our products
overseas. As a result, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the
relevant currencies, including currency devaluations. Changes in currency exchange rates may also
affect the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency denominated prices at which our international
businesses sell products. Furthermore, our international sales represented approximately 32% of
our total sales in fiscal 2007, and such sales were derived from sales in foreign currencies,
primarily the euro. Our international sales, as well as our international businesses’ inventory and
accounts receivables levels, could be materially affected by currency fluctuations. Although we
hedge some exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange rates arising in the ordinary course
of business, we cannot assure that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse
impact on our financial condition or results of operations.

Our international operations, including manufacturing, are subject to a variety of legal,
regulatory, political and economic risks, including risks relating to the importation and
exportation of product.

     We source most of our products outside the U.S. through arrangements with independent
suppliers in over 46 countries. There are a number of risks associated with importing our products,
including but not limited to the following:

 •

Quotas imposed by bilateral textile agreements with China and non-WTO countries.
These agreements limit the amount and type of goods that may be imported annually
from these countries;

 •

Changes in social, political, legal and economic conditions or terrorist acts that
could result in the disruption of trade from the countries in which our
manufacturers or suppliers are located;

 •

The imposition of additional regulations relating to imports or exports;

 •

The imposition of additional duties, taxes and other charges on imports or exports;

 •

Risks of increased sourcing costs, including costs for materials and labor,
including as a result of the elimination of quota on apparel products;

 •

Our ability to adapt to and compete effectively in the current quota environment,
including changes in sourcing patterns resulting from the elimination of quota on
apparel products, as well as lowered barriers to entry;

 •

Significant delays in the delivery of cargo due to security considerations;

21

 •

The imposition of antidumping or countervailing duty proceedings
resulting in the potential assessment of special antidumping or
countervailing duties; and

 •

The enactment of new legislation or the administration of current
international trade regulations, or executive action affecting
international textile agreements, including the United States’
reevaluation of the trading status of certain countries and/or
retaliatory duties, quotas or other trade sanctions, which, if
enacted, would increase the cost of products purchased from suppliers
in such countries, and the January 1, 2005 elimination of quota, which
may significantly impact sourcing patterns (although China has agreed
to safeguard quota on certain classes of apparel products through 2008
as a result of a surge in exports to the United States, political
pressure will likely continue for restraint on importation of
apparel).

     Any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and current business practices.

     Our ability to realize growth in new international markets and to maintain the current level
of sales in our existing international markets is subject to risks associated with international
operations. These include complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; unexpected
changes in regulatory requirements; new tariffs or other barriers in some international markets;
political instability and terrorist attacks; changes in diplomatic and trade relationships; and
general economic fluctuations in specific countries or markets.