In addition to the risks previously mentioned, the following
 important factors could adversely impact our business. These
 factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from
 the forward-looking and other statements that we make in
 registration statements, periodic reports and other filings with
 the SEC, and that we make from time to time in our news
 releases, annual reports and other written communications, as
 well as oral forward-looking and other statements made from time
 to time by our representatives.

 Our
 business is cyclical and is significantly affected by changes in
 general and local economic conditions.

 Our business can be substantially affected by adverse changes in
 general economic or business conditions that are outside of our
 control, including changes in:

 • 

 short- and long-term interest rates;

 • 

 the availability of financing for homebuyers;

 • 

 consumer confidence generally and the confidence of potential
 homebuyers in particular;

 • 

 federal mortgage financing programs and federal and state
 regulation of lending practices;

 • 

 federal and state income tax provisions, including provisions
 for the deduction of mortgage interest payments;

 • 

 housing demand;

 • 

 the supply of available new or existing homes and other housing
 alternatives, such as apartments and other rental residential
 property;

 • 

 employment levels and job and personal income growth;

 • 

 the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar and the euro with respect
 to our French operations; and

 • 

 real estate taxes.

 Adverse changes in these conditions may affect our business
 nationally or may be more prevalent or concentrated in
 particular regional or local areas in which we operate.

 Weather conditions and natural disasters, such as earthquakes,
 hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts, fires and other
 environmental conditions, can also harm our homebuilding
 business on a local or regional basis. Civil unrest or acts of
 terrorism can also have an adverse effect on our business.

 Fluctuating lumber prices and shortages, as well as shortages or
 price fluctuations in other building materials or commodities,
 can have an adverse effect on our business. Similarly, labor
 shortages or unrest among key trades, such as carpenters,
 roofers, electricians and plumbers, can delay the delivery of
 our homes and increase our costs.

 The potential difficulties described above can cause demand and
 prices for our homes to diminish or cause us to take longer and
 incur more costs to build our homes. We may not be able to
 recover these increased costs by raising prices because of
 market conditions and because the price of each home is usually
 set several months before the home is delivered, as our
 customers typically sign their home purchase contracts before
 construction begins. The potential difficulties described above
 could cause some homebuyers to cancel or to refuse to honor
 their home purchase contracts altogether.

 The homebuilding industry is experiencing a severe
 downturn that may continue for an indefinite period and
 adversely affect our business and results of operations compared
 to prior periods.

 In 2006, the U.S. homebuilding industry as a whole experienced a
 significant and sustained decrease in demand for new homes and
 an oversupply of new and existing homes available for sale. In
 many markets, a rapid increase in new and existing home prices
 over the past several years reduced housing affordability and
 tempered buyer demand. In particular, investors and speculators
 reduced their purchasing activity and instead stepped up their
 efforts to sell the residential property they had earlier
 acquired. These trends, which were more pronounced in markets
 that had experienced the greatest levels of price appreciation,
 resulted in overall fewer home sales, greater cancellations of
 home purchase

 14

Table of Contents

 agreements by buyers, higher inventories of unsold homes and the
 increased use by homebuilders, speculators, investors and others
 of discounts, incentives and price concessions to close home
 sales compared to the past several years.

 Reflecting these demand and supply trends, we, like many other
 homebuilders, experienced a large drop in net new orders, slower
 price appreciation for new homes sold and a reduction in our
 margins. We can provide no assurances that the homebuilding
 market will improve in the near future, and it may weaken
 further. Continued weakness in the homebuilding market would
 have an adverse effect on our business and our results of
 operations as compared to those of earlier periods.

 The value of the land and housing inventory we own or
 control may fall significantly and our profits may
 decrease.

 The value of the land and housing inventory we currently own or
 control depends on market conditions, including estimates of
 future demand for, and the revenues that can be generated from,
 such inventory. The market value of our land inventory can vary
 considerably because there is often a significant amount of time
 between our initial acquisition of land and our ability to make
 homes on that land available for sale. In the past few years,
 the value of our inventory has benefited from increases in buyer
 demand and the rapid appreciation of home prices. However, the
 recent downturn in the housing market has caused and, if it
 continues, may in the future cause, the fair market value of
 certain of our inventory to fall, in some cases well below its
 estimated fair market value at the time we acquired it.
 Depending on our assessment of fair market value, we may need to
 write-down the value of certain of our inventory and take
 corresponding non-cash charges against our earnings to reflect
 impaired value. We may also abandon our interests in certain
 land inventory that no longer meets our internal investment
 standards, which would also require us to take non-cash charges.
 On January 16, 2007, we reported that we would record
 non-cash charges in the fourth quarter of 2006 of
 $88.3 million related to the abandonment of certain land
 option contracts and $255.0 million related to inventory
 and joint venture impairments. If the current downturn in the
 housing market continues, we may need to take additional charges
 against our earnings for abandonments or inventory impairments,
 or both. Any such non-cash charges would have an adverse effect
 on our reported profits.

 If new home prices decline, interest rates increase or
 there is a downturn in the economy, some homebuyers may cancel
 their home purchases because the required deposits are small and
 generally refundable.

 Our backlog numbers reflect the number of homes for which we
 have entered into a purchase contract with a customer but not
 yet delivered. Those home purchase contracts typically require
 only a small deposit, and in many states, the deposit is fully
 refundable at any time prior to closing. If the prices for new
 homes decline, competitors increase their use of sales
 incentives, interest rates increase or there is a downturn in
 local or regional economies or the national economy, homebuyers
 may have a financial incentive to terminate their existing home
 purchase contracts with us in order to negotiate for a lower
 price or to explore other options. In 2006, we experienced a
 large increase in the number of cancellations, in part because
 of these reasons. Additional cancellations could have an adverse
 effect on our business and our results of operations.

 Our success depends on the availability of improved lots
 and undeveloped land that meet our land investment
 criteria.

 The availability of finished and partially developed lots and
 undeveloped land for purchase that meet our internal criteria
 depends on a number of factors outside our control, including
 land availability in general, competition with other
 homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation
 in land prices, and zoning, allowable housing density and other
 regulatory requirements. Should suitable lots or land become
 less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and
 sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased,
 perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results
 of operations.

 Home
 prices and sales activity in the particular markets and regions
 in which we do business affect our results of operations because
 our business is concentrated in these markets.

 Home prices and sales activity in some of our key markets have
 declined from time to time for market-specific reasons,
 including adverse weather, lack of affordability or economic
 contraction due to, among other things, the failure or decline
 of key industries and employers. If home prices or sales
 activity decline in one or more of the key markets in

 15

Table of Contents

 which we operate, particularly in Arizona, California, Florida
 or Nevada, our costs may not decline at all or at the same rate
 and, as a result, our overall results of operations may be
 adversely affected.

 Interest
 rate increases or changes in federal lending programs could
 lower demand for our homes.

 Nearly all of our customers finance the purchase of their homes.
 In recent years, historically low interest rates and the
 increased availability of specialized mortgage products,
 including mortgage products requiring no or low down payments,
 and interest-only and adjustable rate mortgages, have made
 homebuying more affordable for a number of customers. Increases
 in interest rates or decreases in the availability of mortgage
 financing or of certain mortgage programs may lead to higher
 down payment requirements or monthly mortgage costs, or both,
 and could therefore reduce demand for our homes.

 Increased interest rates can also hinder our ability to realize
 our backlog because our home purchase contracts provide our
 customers with a financing contingency. Financing contingencies
 allow customers to cancel their home purchase contracts in the
 event they cannot arrange for financing at the interest rates
 prevailing when they signed their contracts.

 Because the availability of Fannie Mae, Federal Home Loan
 Mortgage Corporation, FHA and VA mortgage financing is an
 important factor in marketing and selling many of our homes, any
 limitations or restrictions in the availability of such
 government-backed financing could reduce our home sales.

 We are subject to substantial legal and regulatory
 requirements regarding the development of land, the homebuilding
 process and protection of the environment, which can cause us to
 suffer delays and incur costs associated with compliance and
 which can prohibit or restrict homebuilding activity in some
 regions or areas.

 Our homebuilding business is heavily regulated and subject to an
 increasing degree of local, state and federal regulations
 concerning zoning, resource protection and other environmental
 impacts, building design, construction and similar matters.
 These regulations often provide broad discretion to governmental
 authorities that regulate these matters, which can result in
 unanticipated delays or increases in the cost of a specified
 project or a number of projects in particular markets. We may
 also experience periodic delays in homebuilding projects due to
 building moratoria in any of the areas in which we operate.

 We are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal
 statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the
 environment. These laws and regulations may cause delays in
 construction and delivery of new homes, may cause us to incur
 substantial compliance and other costs, and can prohibit or
 severely restrict homebuilding activity in certain
 environmentally sensitive regions or areas. In addition,
 environmental laws may impose liability for the costs of removal
 or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances whether or not
 the developer or owner of the property knew of, or was
 responsible for, the presence of those substances. The presence
 of those substances on our properties may prevent us from
 selling our homes and we may also be liable, under applicable
 laws and regulations or lawsuits brought by private parties, for
 hazardous or toxic substances on properties and lots that we
 have sold in the past.

 Further, a significant portion of our business is conducted in
 California, which is one of the most highly regulated and
 litigious states in the country. Therefore, our potential
 exposure to losses and expenses due to new laws, regulations or
 litigation may be greater than other homebuilders with a less
 significant California presence.

 Because of our French business, we are also subject to
 regulations and restrictions imposed by the government of France
 concerning investments by non-French companies in businesses in
 France, as well as to French and European Union laws and
 regulations similar to those discussed above.

 The mortgage banking operations of Countrywide KB Home Loans are
 heavily regulated and subject to the rules and regulations
 promulgated by a number of governmental and quasi-governmental
 agencies. There are a number of federal and state statutes and
 regulations which, among other things, prohibit discrimination,
 establish underwriting guidelines which include obtaining
 inspections and appraisals, require credit reports on
 prospective borrowers and fix maximum loan amounts. A finding
 that we or Countrywide KB Home Loans materially violated any of
 the foregoing laws could have an adverse effect on our results
 of operations.

 16

Table of Contents

 We are subject to a Consent Order that we entered into with the
 Federal Trade Commission in 1979. Pursuant to the Consent Order,
 we provide explicit warranties on the quality of our homes,
 follow certain guidelines in advertising and provide certain
 disclosures to prospective purchasers of our homes. A finding
 that we have significantly violated the Consent Order could
 result in substantial liabilities or penalties and could limit
 our ability to sell homes in certain markets.

 We
 build homes in highly competitive markets, which could hurt our
 future operating results.

 We compete in each of our markets with a number of homebuilding
 companies for homebuyers, land, financing, building materials,
 skilled management and labor resources. Our competitors include
 other large national homebuilders, as well as smaller regional
 or local builders that, based on long-standing relationships
 with local labor, materials suppliers or land sellers, can have
 an advantage in their respective regions or local markets. We
 also compete with other housing alternatives, such as existing
 homes and rental housing.

 These competitive conditions can:

 • 

 make it difficult for us to acquire desirable land which meets
 our land buying criteria, and to sell our interests in land that
 no longer meet our investment return criteria on favorable terms;

 • 

 reduce our sales or profit margins;

 • 

 cause us to offer or increase our sales incentives, discounts or
 price concessions; and

 • 

 reduce new home sales or increase cancellations by homebuyers of
 their home purchase contracts with us.

 Any of these competitive conditions can adversely affect our
 revenues, increase our costs and/or impede the growth of our
 local or regional homebuilding business.

 The design and construction of high density, mixed use