In addition to the risks and the challenging market conditions
 previously mentioned, the following important factors could
 adversely impact our business. These factors could cause our
 actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking and
 other statements that we make in registration statements,
 periodic reports and other filings with the SEC, and that we
 make from time to time in our news releases, annual reports and
 other written communications, as well as oral forward-looking
 and other statements made from time to time by our
 representatives.

 The homebuilding industry is experiencing a severe
 downturn that may continue for an indefinite period and
 adversely affect our business and results of operations compared
 to prior periods.

 In 2007, many of our served markets and the U.S. homebuilding
 industry as a whole continued to experience a significant and
 sustained decrease in demand for new homes and an oversupply of
 new and existing homes available for sale, conditions that
 generally began in 2006. In many markets, a rapid increase in
 new and existing home prices in the years leading up to and
 including 2006 reduced housing affordability relative to
 consumer incomes and tempered buyer

 11

Table of Contents

 demand. At the same time, investors and speculators reduced
 their purchasing activity and instead stepped up their efforts
 to sell residential property they had earlier acquired. These
 trends, which were more pronounced in markets that had
 experienced the greatest levels of price appreciation, resulted
 in overall fewer home sales, greater cancellations of home
 purchase agreements by buyers, higher inventories of unsold
 homes and the increased use by homebuilders, speculators,
 investors and others of discounts, incentives, price concessions
 and other marketing efforts to close home sales in 2007 compared
 to the past several years.

 Reflecting these demand and supply trends, we, like many other
 homebuilders, experienced a large drop in net orders, a decline
 in the selling price of new homes sold and a reduction in our
 margins in 2007 relative to prior years. We can provide no
 assurances that the homebuilding market will improve in the near
 future. In fact, we expect the weakness to continue at least
 through 2008 and have an adverse effect on our business and our
 results of operations.

 Our
 strategies in responding to the adverse conditions in the
 homebuilding industry have had limited success, and the
 continued implementation of these and other strategies may not
 be successful.

 While we have been successful in generating positive operating
 cash flow and reducing our inventories in 2007, we have done so
 at significantly reduced gross profit levels and have incurred
 significant asset impairment charges. These contributed to the
 net loss we recognized in 2007. Also, in 2007, notwithstanding
 our sales strategies, we continued to experience an elevated
 rate of sales contract cancellations. We believe that the
 elevated cancellation rate largely reflects a decrease in
 homebuyer confidence, with continued price declines and
 increases in the level of sales incentives for both new and
 existing homes prompting homebuyers to forgo or delay home
 purchases. A more restrictive mortgage lending environment and
 the inability of some buyers to sell their existing homes have
 also led to cancellations. Many of the factors that affect new
 orders and cancellation rates are beyond our control. It is
 uncertain how long the reduced sales levels and the increased
 level of cancellations will continue.

 Our
 business is cyclical and is significantly affected by changes in
 general and local economic conditions.

 Our business can be substantially affected by adverse changes in
 general economic or business conditions that are outside of our
 control, including changes in:

 • 

 short- and long-term interest rates;

 • 

 the availability of financing for homebuyers;

 • 

 consumer confidence generally and the confidence of potential
 homebuyers in particular;

 • 

 federal mortgage financing programs and federal and state
 regulation of lending practices;

 • 

 federal and state income tax provisions, including provisions
 for the deduction of mortgage interest payments;

 • 

 housing demand from population growth and demographic changes,
 among other factors;

 • 

 the supply of available new or existing homes and other housing
 alternatives, such as apartments and other residential rental
 property;

 • 

 employment levels and job and personal income growth; and

 • 

 real estate taxes.

 Adverse changes in these conditions may affect our business
 nationally or may be more prevalent or concentrated in
 particular regions or localities in which we operate. In 2007,
 adverse changes in many of these factors affected all of our
 markets, and we expect the widespread nature of the downturn in
 the housing market to continue at least through 2008. A downturn
 in the economy would likely exacerbate the adverse trends the
 housing market experienced in 2007.

 Weather conditions and natural disasters, such as earthquakes,
 hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts, fires and other
 environmental conditions, can also harm our homebuilding
 business on a local or regional basis. Civil unrest or acts of
 terrorism can also have an adverse effect on our business.

 12

Table of Contents

 Fluctuating lumber prices and shortages, as well as shortages or
 price fluctuations in other building materials or commodities,
 can have an adverse effect on our business. Similarly, labor
 shortages or unrest among key trades, such as carpenters,
 roofers, electricians and plumbers, can delay the delivery of
 our homes and increase our costs.

 The potential difficulties described above can cause demand and
 prices for our homes to diminish or cause us to take longer and
 incur more costs to build our homes. We may not be able to
 recover these increased costs by raising prices because of
 market conditions and because the price of each home is usually
 set several months before the home is delivered, as our
 customers typically sign their home purchase contracts before
 construction begins. The potential difficulties described above
 could cause some homebuyers to cancel or refuse to honor their
 home purchase contracts altogether. In fact, reflecting the
 difficult conditions in our served markets, we continued to
 experience elevated cancellation rates in 2007 and we may
 experience similar cancellation rates in 2008.

 Supply
 shortages and other risks related to demand for building
 materials
 and/or
 skilled labor could increase costs and delay
 deliveries.

 The homebuilding industry is highly competitive for skilled
 labor and building materials. Increased costs or shortages in
 building materials or skilled labor could cause increases in
 construction costs and construction delays. We generally are
 unable to pass on increases in construction costs to customers
 who have already entered into sales contracts, as the sales
 contracts generally fix the price of the home at the time the
 contract is signed, and may be signed well in advance of when
 construction commences. Sustained increases in construction
 costs may, over time, erode our margins, and pricing competition
 for materials and labor may restrict our ability to pass on any
 additional costs, thereby decreasing our margins.

 Inflation
 may adversely affect us by increasing costs that we may not be
 able to recover, particularly if sales prices
 decrease.

 Inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing
 costs of land, materials and labor may call for us to increase
 sales prices of homes in order to maintain satisfactory margins.
 However, if the current challenging and highly competitive
 conditions in the homebuilding market persist, we may be
 required to decrease prices in an attempt to stimulate sales
 volume. This potential lowering of sales prices, in addition to
 impacting our margins on new homes, may also reduce the value of
 our land inventory and make it more difficult for us to recover
 the full cost of previously purchased land in new home sales
 prices or, if we choose, in the disposition of land assets. In
 addition, depressed land values may cause us to forfeit deposits
 on land option contracts if we cannot satisfactorily renegotiate
 the purchase price of the optioned land. We may incur non-cash
 charges for inventory impairments or land option contract
 abandonments if the value of our inventory is so reduced or if
 we choose not to exercise land option contracts.

 Reduced
 home sales may impair our ability to recoup development costs or
 force us to absorb additional costs.

 We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a
 community. Depending on the stage of development, these include
 costs of preparing land and installing roads, sewage and other
 utilities, as well as taxes and other costs related to ownership
 of the land on which we plan to build homes. Reducing the rate
 at which we build homes extends the length of time it takes us
 to recover these costs. Also, we frequently acquire options to
 purchase land and make deposits that will be forfeited if we do
 not exercise the options within specified periods. Because of
 current market conditions, we have had to terminate some of
 these options, resulting in the forfeiture of deposits and
 unrecoverable development costs.

 The value of the land and housing inventory we own or
 control may fall significantly and our profits may
 decrease.

 The value of the land and housing inventory we currently own or
 control depends on market conditions, including estimates of
 future demand for, and the revenues that can be generated from,
 such inventory. The market value of our land inventory can vary
 considerably because there is often a significant amount of time
 between our initial acquisition of land and the delivery of
 homes on that land. The downturn in the housing market has
 caused the fair market value of certain of our inventory to
 fall, in some cases well below the estimated fair market value
 at the time we acquired it. Depending on our assessment of fair
 market value, we may need to write down the carrying value of
 certain of our inventory and take corresponding non-cash charges
 against our earnings to reflect the impaired value. We may also
 abandon our interests in certain land inventory that no longer
 meets our internal investment standards, which would also
 require us to take non-cash charges. If the current downturn in
 the housing market continues, we may need to take additional
 charges against

 13

Table of Contents

 our earnings for abandonments or inventory impairments, or both.
 Any such non-cash charges would have an adverse effect on our
 consolidated results of operations.

 If new home prices decline, interest rates increase or
 there is a downturn in the economy, some homebuyers may cancel
 their home purchases because the required deposits are small and
 generally refundable.

 Our backlog numbers reflect the number of homes for which we
 have entered into a purchase contract with a customer but not
 yet delivered the home. Our home purchase contracts typically
 require only a small deposit, and in many states, the deposit is
 fully refundable at any time prior to closing. If the prices for
 new homes decline, competitors increase their use of sales
 incentives, interest rates increase, the availability of
 mortgage financing diminishes or there is a downturn in local or
 regional economies or the national economy, homebuyers may
 terminate their existing home purchase contracts with us in
 order to negotiate for a lower price or to explore other
 options. In 2007 and 2006, we experienced elevated cancellation
 rates, in part because of these reasons. Additional
 cancellations could have an adverse effect on our business and
 our results of operations.

 Our long-term success depends on the availability of
 improved lots and undeveloped land that meet our land investment
 criteria.

 The availability of finished and partially developed lots and
 undeveloped land for purchase that meet our internal investment
 criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control,
 including land availability in general, competition with other
 homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation
 in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density and other
 regulatory requirements. Should suitable lots or land become
 less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and
 sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could increase,
 perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results
 of operations.

 Home
 prices and sales activity in the particular markets and regions
 in which we do business affect our results of operations because
 our business is concentrated in these markets.

 Home prices and sales activity in some of our key markets have
 declined from time to time for market-specific reasons,
 including adverse weather, lack of affordability or economic
 contraction due to, among other things, the failure or decline
 of key industries and employers. If home prices or sales
 activity decline in one or more of the key markets in which we
 operate, particularly in Arizona, California, Florida, Nevada or
 Texas, our costs may not decline at all or at the same rate and,
 as a result, our overall results of operations may be adversely
 affected.

 Market conditions in the mortgage lending and mortgage
 finance industries deteriorated significantly in 2007, which
 adversely affected the availability of credit for some
 purchasers of our homes, reduced the population of potential
 mortgage customers and reduced mortgage liquidity. Further
 tightening of mortgage lending or mortgage financing
 requirements or further reduced mortgage liquidity could
 adversely affect the availability of credit for some purchasers
 of our homes and thereby reduce our sales.

 During 2007, the mortgage lending and mortgage finance
 industries experienced significant instability due to, among
 other things, defaults on subprime loans and a resulting decline
 in the market value of such loans. In light of these
 developments, lenders, investors, regulators and other third
 parties questioned the adequacy of lending standards and other
 credit requirements for several loan programs made available to
 borrowers in recent years. This has led to reduced investor
 demand for mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities,
 tightened credit requirements, reduced liquidity, increased
 credit risk premiums and regulatory actions. Deterioration in
 credit quality among subprime and other nonconforming loans has
 caused most lenders to eliminate subprime mortgages and most
 other loan products that do not conform to Fannie Mae, Freddie
 Mac, FHA or VA standards. Fewer loan products and tighter loan
 qualifications in turn make it more difficult for some
 categories of borrowers to finance the purchase of our homes or
 the purchase of existing homes from potential
 move-up
 buyers who wish to purchase one of our homes. In general, these
 developments have resulted in a reduction in demand for the
 homes we sell and have delayed any general improvement in the
 housing market. Furthermore, they have resulted in a reduction
 in demand for the mortgage loans that we originate through
 Countrywide KB Home Loans, our joint venture with Countrywide.
 These reductions in demand have had, and are expected to
 continue to have, a materially adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations in 2008.

 14

Table of Contents

 Many of our homebuyers obtain financing for their home purchases
 from Countrywide KB Home Loans. Countrywide provides the loan
 products that the joint venture offers to our homebuyers. If
 Countrywide refuses or is unable to make loan products available
 to the joint venture to provide to our homebuyers, our results
 of operations may be adversely affected.

 Interest
 rate increases or changes in federal lending programs could
 lower demand for our homes.

 Nearly all of our customers finance the purchase of their homes.
 In recent years, historically low interest rates and the
 increased availability of specialized mortgage products,
 including mortgage products requiring no or low down payments,
 and interest-only and adjustable rate mortgages, had made
 homebuying more affordable for a number of customers. Increases
 in interest rates or decreases in the availability of mortgage
 financing or of certain mortgage programs, as discussed above,
 may lead to higher down payment requirements or monthly mortgage
 costs, or both, and could therefore reduce demand for our homes.

 Increased interest rates can also hinder our ability to realize
 our backlog because our home purchase contracts provide our
 customers with a financing contingency. Financing contingencies
 allow customers to cancel their home purchase contracts in the
 event they cannot arrange for financing.

 Because the availability of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA and VA
 mortgage financing is an important factor in marketing and
 selling many of our homes, any limitations or restrictions in
 the availability of such government-backed financing could
 reduce our home sales.

 Tax
 law changes could make home ownership more expensive or less
 attractive.

 Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage
 interest expense and real estate taxes, generally are deductible
 expenses for the purpose of calculating an individual’s
 federal, and in some cases state, taxable income, subject to
 various limitations, under current tax law and policy. If the
 federal government or a state government changes income tax
 laws, as some policy makers have discussed recently, eliminating
 or substantially reducing these income tax deductions, the
 after-tax cost of owning a new home would increase
 substantially. This could adversely impact demand for and/or
 sales prices of new homes.

 We are subject to substantial legal and regulatory
 requirements regarding the development of land, the homebuilding
 process and protection of the environment, which can cause us to
 suffer delays and incur costs associated with compliance and
 which can prohibit or restrict homebuilding activity in some
 regions or areas.

 Our homebuilding business is heavily regulated and subject to an
 increasing amount of local, state and federal regulation
 concerning zoning, resource protection and other environmental
 impacts, building design, construction and similar matters.
 These regulations often provide broad discretion to governmental
 authorities that oversee these matters, which can result in
 unanticipated delays or increases in the cost of a specified
 project or a number of projects in particular markets. We may
 also experience periodic delays in homebuilding projects due to
 building moratoria in any of the areas in which we operate.

 We are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal
 statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the
 environment. These laws and regulations may cause delays in
 construction and delivery of new homes, may cause us to incur
 substantial compliance and other costs, and can prohibit or
 severely restrict homebuilding activity in certain
 environmentally sensitive regions or areas. In addition,
 environmental laws may impose liability for the costs of removal
 or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances whether or not
 the developer or owner of the property knew of, or was
 responsible for, the presence of those substances. The presence
 of those substances on our properties may prevent us from
 selling our homes and we may also be liable, under applicable
 laws and regulations or lawsuits brought by private parties, for
 hazardous or toxic substances on properties and lots that we
 have sold in the past.

 Further, a significant portion of our business is conducted in
 California, which is one of the most highly regulated and
 litigious states in the country. Therefore, our potential
 exposure to losses and expenses due to new laws, regulations or
 litigation may be greater than other homebuilders with a less
 significant California presence.

 The mortgage banking operations of Countrywide KB Home Loans are
 heavily regulated and subject to the rules and regulations
 promulgated by a number of governmental and quasi-governmental
 agencies. There are a number of

 15

Table of Contents

 federal and state statutes and regulations which, among other
 things, prohibit discrimination, establish underwriting
 guidelines that include obtaining inspections and appraisals,
 require credit reports on prospective borrowers and fix maximum
 loan amounts. A finding that we or Countrywide KB Home Loans
 materially violated any of the foregoing laws could have an
 adverse effect on our results of operations.

 We are subject to a Consent Order that we entered into with the
 Federal Trade Commission in 1979 and related Consent Decrees
 that were entered into in 1991 and 2005. Pursuant to the Consent
 Order and the related Consent Decrees, we provide explicit
 warranties on the quality of our homes, follow certain
 guidelines in advertising and provide certain disclosures to
 prospective purchasers of our homes. A finding that we have
 significantly violated the Consent Order and/or the related
 Consent Decrees could result in substantial liabilities or
 penalties and could limit our ability to sell homes in certain
 markets.

 Homebuilding and financial services are very competitive,
 and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business
 or our financial results.

 The homebuilding industry is highly competitive. Homebuilders
 compete not only for homebuyers, but also for desirable land,
 financing, building materials, skilled management and trade
 labor. We compete in each of our served markets with other
 local, regional and national homebuilders, including those with
 a sales presence on the Internet, often within larger
 subdivisions containing portions designed, planned and developed
 by such homebuilders. These homebuilders may also have
 long-standing relationships with local labor, materials
 suppliers or land sellers, which may provide an advantage in
 their respective regions or local markets. We also compete with
 other housing alternatives, such as existing home sales and
 rental housing. The competitive conditions in the homebuilding
 industry can result in:

 • 

 fewer homes delivered;

 • 

 lower selling prices;

 • 

 our offering or increasing sales incentives, discounts or price
 concessions;

 • 

 lower profit margins;

 • 

 declining new home sales or increasing cancellations by
 homebuyers of their home purchase contracts with us;

 • 

 impairments in the value of our inventory, goodwill and other
 assets;

 • 

 difficulty in acquiring desirable land that meets our land
 buying criteria, and in selling our interests in land that no
 longer meet our investment return criteria on favorable terms;

 • 

 difficulty in acquiring raw materials and skilled management and
 labor at acceptable prices; or

 • 

 delays in construction of our homes.

 Our financial services business competes with other mortgage
 lenders, including national, regional and local mortgage banks
 and other financial institutions. Mortgage lenders with greater
 access to capital or different lending criteria may be able to
 offer more attractive financing to potential customers.

 When we are affected by these competitive conditions, our
 business and financial results can be adversely affected by
 decreased revenues, increased costs and/or diminished growth in
 our local or regional homebuilding business. In the current
 downturn in the homebuilding industry, the reactions of our
 competitors may be reducing the effectiveness of our efforts to
 achieve pricing stability and reduce our inventory levels.

 Homebuilding
 is subject to warranty and liability claims in the ordinary
 course of business that can be significant.

 In the ordinary course of our homebuilding business, we are
 subject to home warranty and construction defect claims. We
 record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based
 on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the
 qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build.
 We have, and require the majority of our subcontractors to have,
 general liability, property, errors and omissions, workers
 compensation and other business insurance. These insurance
 policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from
 claims, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles,
 and other coverage limits. Through our captive insurance
 subsidiary, we reserve for costs to cover our self-

 16

Table of Contents

 insured and deductible amounts under these policies and for any
 costs of claims and lawsuits, based on an analysis of our
 historical claims, which includes an estimate of claims incurred
 but not yet reported. Because of the uncertainties inherent to
 these matters, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance
 coverage, our subcontractor arrangements and our reserves will
 be adequate to address all our warranty and construction defect
 claims in the future. Additionally, the coverage offered by and
 the availability of general liability insurance for construction
 defects are currently limited and costly. There can be no
 assurance that coverage will not be further restricted and
 become more costly.

 Because
 of the seasonal nature of our business, our quarterly operating
 results fluctuate.

 We have experienced seasonal fluctuations in quarterly operating
 results. We typically do not commence significant construction
 on a home before a home purchase contract has been signed with a
 homebuyer. Historically, a significant percentage of our home
 purchase contracts are entered into in the spring and summer
 months, and a corresponding significant percentage of our
 deliveries occur in the fall and winter months. Construction of
 our homes typically requires approximately four months and
 weather delays that often occur in late winter and early spring
 may extend this period. As a result of these combined factors,
 we historically have experienced uneven quarterly results, with
 lower revenues and operating income generally during the first
 and second quarters of the year. However, the increasingly
 challenging market conditions we experienced in 2007 resulted in
 lower sales in the spring and summer months and correspondingly
 lower deliveries in the fall and winter months as compared to
 2006. With the current difficult market conditions expected to
 continue through at least 2008, we can make no assurances that
 our normal seasonal patterns will occur in the near future.

 Failure
 to comply with the covenants and conditions imposed by the
 agreements governing our indebtedness could restrict future
 borrowing or cause our debt to become immediately due and
 payable.

 Our Credit Facility and the indentures governing our outstanding
 senior and senior subordinated public notes impose restrictions
 on our operations and activities. The most significant
 restrictions relate to limits on investments, cash dividends,
 stock repurchases and other restricted payments, incurrence of
 indebtedness, creation of liens and asset dispositions, and
 require maintenance of a maximum debt to equity (or leverage)
 ratio, a minimum interest coverage ratio, and a minimum level of
 tangible net worth. If we fail to comply with these restrictions
 or covenants, the holders of those debt instruments or the
 banks, as appropriate, could cause our debt to become due and
 payable prior to maturity or could demand that we compensate
 them for waiving instances of noncompliance. In addition, a
 default under the indenture for any of our notes or our Credit
 Facility could cause a default with respect to our other notes
 or the Credit Facility, as the case may be, and result in the
 acceleration of the maturity of all such defaulted indebtedness
 and our inability to borrow under the Credit Facility. Moreover,
 we may curtail our investment activities and other uses of cash
 to maintain compliance with these restrictions and covenants.

 Our leverage may place burdens on our ability to comply
 with the terms of our indebtedness, may restrict our ability to
 operate and may prevent us from fulfilling our
 obligations.

 The amount of our debt could have important consequences. For
 example, it could:

 • 

 limit our ability to obtain future financing for working
 capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service
 requirements or other requirements;

 • 

 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow
 from operations to the payment of our debt and reduce our
 ability to use our cash flow for other purposes;

 • 

 impact our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes
 in our business;

 • 

 place us at a competitive disadvantage because we have more debt
 than some of our competitors; and

 • 

 make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our
 business or in general economic conditions.

 Our ability to meet our debt service and other obligations will
 depend upon our future performance. Our business is
 substantially affected by changes in economic cycles. Our
 revenues, earnings and cash flows vary with the level of general
 economic activity and competition in the markets in which we
 operate. Our business could also be affected by financial,
 political and other factors, many of which are beyond our
 control. Changes in prevailing interest rates may also affect
 our ability to meet our debt service obligations because
 borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest at floating
 rates. A higher interest rate on our debt could adversely affect
 our operating results.

 17

Table of Contents

 Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from
 operations and borrowings may not be available to us under our
 Credit Facility in an amount sufficient to pay our debt service
 obligations, fulfill financial or operational guarantees we have
 provided for certain unconsolidated joint venture transactions,
 or to fund our other liquidity needs. Should this occur, we may
 need to refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before
 maturity, which we may not be able to do on favorable terms or
 at all.

 We may have difficulty in continuing to obtain the
 additional financing required to operate and develop our
 business.

 Our homebuilding operations require significant amounts of cash
 and/or available credit. It is not possible to predict the
 future terms or availability of additional capital. Moreover,
 our outstanding public debt and the Credit Facility contain
 provisions that may restrict the amount and nature of debt we
 may incur in the future. The Credit Facility limits our ability
 to borrow additional funds by placing a maximum cap on our
 leverage ratio. Under the most restrictive of these provisions,
 at November 30, 2007, we would have been permitted to incur
 up to $3.56 billion of total consolidated indebtedness, as
 defined in the Credit Facility. This maximum amount exceeded our
 actual total consolidated indebtedness at November 30, 2007
 by $2.68 billion. In addition, the Credit Facility limits
 our ability to borrow senior indebtedness, as defined in the
 Credit Facility, subject to a specified borrowing base. At
 November 30, 2007, we would have been permitted to incur up
 to $3.32 billion of senior indebtedness under the Credit
 Facility. This maximum amount exceeded our actual total senior
 indebtedness at November 30, 2007 by $1.66 billion.
 There can be no assurance that we can actually borrow up to
 these maximum amounts of total consolidated indebtedness or
 senior indebtedness at any time, as our ability to borrow
 additional funds, and to raise additional capital through other
 means, also depends on conditions in the capital markets and our
 credit worthiness. If conditions in the capital markets change
 significantly, it could reduce our ability to generate sales and
 may hinder our future growth and results of operations.

 We are involved in government investigations and
 litigation relating to our past stock option grant
 practices.

 The SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) are
 conducting investigations into our stock option grant practices.
 In addition, shareholder derivative lawsuits have been filed in
 California state and federal courts relating to our stock option
 grant practices. It is possible that additional lawsuits may be
 filed. The investigations and lawsuits have resulted in, and
 will continue to result in, substantial legal and professional
 fees, and will continue to occupy our time and attention. An
 adverse outcome to the investigations or one or more of the
 lawsuits may have a negative effect on our business and our
 results of operations.