The following important factors could adversely impact our
 business. These factors could cause our actual results to differ
 materially from the forward-looking and other statements (i) we
 make in registration statements, periodic reports and other
 filings with the SEC and from time to time in our news releases,
 annual reports and other written reports or communications, and
 (ii) made orally from time to time by our representatives.

 The homebuilding industry is experiencing a prolonged and
 severe downturn that may continue for an indefinite period and
 adversely affect our business and results of operations compared
 to prior periods.

 In 2008 and 2007, many of our served markets and the U.S.
 homebuilding industry as a whole continued to experience a
 significant and sustained decrease in demand for new homes and
 an oversupply of new and existing homes available for sale,
 conditions that generally began in 2006. In many markets, a
 rapid increase in new and existing home prices in the years
 leading up to and including 2006 reduced housing affordability
 relative to consumer incomes and tempered buyer demand. At the
 same time, investors and speculators reduced their purchasing
 activity and instead stepped up their efforts to sell
 residential property they had earlier acquired. These trends,
 which were more pronounced in markets that had experienced the
 greatest levels of price appreciation, resulted in overall fewer
 home sales, greater cancellations of home purchase agreements by
 buyers, higher inventories of unsold homes and the increased use
 by homebuilders, speculators, investors and others of discounts,
 incentives, price concessions and other marketing efforts to
 close home sales in 2008 and 2007 compared to the past several
 years. In 2008 and 2007, these negative supply and demand trends
 were exacerbated by increasing foreclosure activity that reached
 successive record highs, a severe downturn in general economic
 conditions, weakening employment trends, turmoil in credit and
 consumer lending markets and tighter lending standards.

 Reflecting the impact of this difficult environment, we, like
 many other homebuilders, experienced a large drop in net orders,
 a decline in the average selling price of new homes sold and a
 reduction in our margins in 2008 and 2007 relative to prior
 years, and generated operating losses. We can provide no
 assurances that the homebuilding market will improve in the near
 future. In fact, we expect the weakness to continue, and
 possibly worsen, in 2009 and have a corresponding adverse effect
 on our business and our results of operations, including, but
 not limited to, lower home sales and revenues.

 Further tightening of mortgage lending or mortgage
 financing requirements or further turmoil in credit and mortgage
 lending markets could adversely affect the availability of
 credit for some potential purchasers of our homes and thereby
 reduce our sales.

 During 2008 and 2007, the mortgage lending and mortgage finance
 industries experienced significant instability due to, among
 other things, delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures on home
 loans and a resulting decline in their market value,
 particularly subprime and adjustable-rate loans. A number of
 providers, purchasers and insurers of such loans have gone out
 of business or exited the market. In light of these
 developments, lenders, investors, regulators and others
 questioned the adequacy of lending standards and other credit
 requirements for several loan programs made available to
 borrowers in recent years. This has led to reduced investor
 demand for mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities,
 tightened credit requirements, reduced liquidity, increased
 credit risk premiums and regulatory actions. Deterioration in
 credit quality among subprime, adjustable-rate and other
 nonconforming loans has caused most lenders to stop offering
 such loan products. Fewer loan products and providers and
 tighter loan qualifications in turn make it more difficult for
 some categories of borrowers to finance the purchase of our
 homes or the purchase of existing homes from potential
 move-up
 buyers who wish to purchase one of our homes. In general, these
 developments have resulted in a reduction in

 12

Table of Contents

 demand for our homes and slowed any general improvement in the
 housing market. Furthermore, they have resulted in a reduction
 in demand for the mortgage loans originated through our
 Countrywide KB Home Loans joint venture. These reductions in
 demand have had, and are expected to continue to have, a
 materially adverse effect on our business and results of
 operations in 2009.

 Many of our homebuyers obtain financing for their home purchases
 from Countrywide KB Home Loans. Our partner, a Bank of America,
 N.A. subsidiary, provides the loan products that the joint
 venture offers to our homebuyers. If our partner refuses or is
 unable to make loan products available to the joint venture to
 provide to our homebuyers, our results of operations may be
 adversely affected.

 Our
 strategies in responding to the adverse conditions in the
 homebuilding industry have had limited success, and the
 continued implementation of these and other strategies may not
 be successful.

 While we have been successful in generating positive operating
 cash flow and reducing our inventories in 2008 and 2007, we have
 done so at significantly reduced gross profit levels and have
 incurred significant asset impairment charges. Moreover, many of
 our strategic initiatives to generate cash and reduce our
 inventories have involved lowering overhead through workforce
 reductions, for which we incurred significant costs, and
 reducing our active community counts through strategic wind
 downs or market exits, curbs in development and sales of land
 interests. These strategic steps have resulted in our generating
 successively fewer net orders, homes delivered and revenues
 compared to prior periods, and contributed to the net losses we
 recognized in 2008 and 2007. Also, in 2008, notwithstanding our
 sales strategies, we continued to experience volatility in
 cancellations of home purchase contracts. We believe that the
 volatile cancellation rates largely reflected a decrease in
 homebuyer confidence based on sustained home price declines,
 increased offerings of sales incentives in the marketplace for
 both new and existing homes and generally poor economic
 conditions, all of which prompted homebuyers to forgo or delay
 home purchases. The more restrictive mortgage lending
 environment and the inability of some buyers to sell their
 existing homes have also led to lower demand for new homes and
 higher cancellations. Many of these factors affecting new orders
 and cancellation rates are beyond our control. It is uncertain
 how long these factors, and the reduced sales levels and
 volatility in cancellations we have experienced will continue.
 To the extent that they do, we expect that they will have a
 negative effect on our business and our results of operations.

 Our
 business is cyclical and is significantly affected by changes in
 general and local economic conditions.

 Our business can be substantially affected by adverse changes in
 general economic or business conditions that are outside of our
 control, including changes in:

 • 

 short- and long-term interest rates;

 • 

 the availability of financing for homebuyers;

 • 

 consumer confidence generally and the confidence of potential
 homebuyers in particular;

 • 

 U.S. and global financial system and credit market stability;

 • 

 private and federal mortgage financing programs and federal and
 state regulation of lending practices;

 • 

 federal and state income tax provisions, including provisions
 for the deduction of mortgage interest payments;

 • 

 housing demand from population growth and demographic changes,
 among other factors;

 • 

 the supply of available new or existing homes and other housing
 alternatives, such as apartments and other residential rental
 property;

 • 

 employment levels and job and personal income growth; and

 • 

 real estate taxes.

 Adverse changes in these conditions may affect our business
 nationally or may be more prevalent or concentrated in
 particular regions or localities in which we operate. In 2008
 and 2007, unfavorable changes in many of these factors
 negatively affected all of our served markets, and we expect the
 widespread nature of the downturn in the housing market to
 continue in 2009. A continued downturn in the economy would
 likely worsen the unfavorable trends the housing market
 experienced in 2008 and 2007.

 Weather conditions and natural disasters, such as earthquakes,
 hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts, fires and other
 environmental conditions, can also impair our homebuilding
 business on a local or regional basis. Civil unrest or acts of
 terrorism can also have a negative effect on our business.

 13

Table of Contents

 Fluctuating lumber prices and shortages, as well as shortages or
 price fluctuations in other building materials or commodities,
 can have an adverse effect on our business. Similarly, labor
 shortages or unrest among key trades, such as carpenters,
 roofers, electricians and plumbers, can delay the delivery of
 our homes and increase our costs.

 The potential difficulties described above can cause demand and
 prices for our homes to diminish or cause us to take longer and
 incur more costs to build our homes. We may not be able to
 recover these increased costs by raising prices because of
 market conditions and because the price of each home we sell is
 usually set several months before the home is delivered, as our
 customers typically sign their home purchase contracts before
 construction begins. The potential difficulties described above
 could cause some homebuyers to cancel or refuse to honor their
 home purchase contracts altogether. In fact, reflecting the
 difficult conditions in our served markets, we continued to
 experience volatile home purchase contract cancellation rates in
 2008 and we may experience similar volatility in 2009.

 Supply
 shortages and other risks related to demand for building
 materials
 and/or
 skilled labor could increase costs and delay
 deliveries.

 There is a high level of competition in the homebuilding
 industry for skilled labor and building materials. Increased
 costs or shortages in building materials or skilled labor could
 cause increases in construction costs and construction delays.
 We generally are unable to pass on increases in construction
 costs to customers who have already entered into home purchase
 contracts, as the purchase contracts generally fix the price of
 the home at the time the contract is signed, and may be signed
 well in advance of when construction commences. Further, we may
 not be able to pass on increases in construction costs because
 of market conditions. Sustained increases in construction costs
 due, among other things, to pricing competition for materials
 and skilled labor may, over time, decrease our margins.

 Inflation
 may adversely affect us by increasing costs that we may not be
 able to recover, particularly if sales prices
 decrease.

 Inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing
 costs of land, materials and skilled labor may call for us to
 increase sales prices of homes in order to maintain satisfactory
 margins. However, if the current challenging and highly
 competitive conditions in the homebuilding market persist, we
 may further decrease prices in an attempt to stimulate sales
 volume. Our lowering of sales prices, in addition to impacting
 our margins on new homes, may also reduce the value of our land
 inventory and make it more difficult for us to recover the full
 cost of previously purchased land with new home sales prices or,
 if we choose, in disposing of land assets. In addition,
 depressed land values may cause us to forfeit deposits on land
 option contracts if we cannot satisfactorily renegotiate the
 purchase price of the optioned land. We may incur noncash
 charges for inventory impairments if the value of our owned
 inventory is reduced or for land option contract abandonments if
 we choose not to exercise land option contracts.

 Reduced
 home sales may impair our ability to recoup development costs or
 force us to absorb additional costs.

 We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a
 community. Depending on the stage of development, these include
 costs of preparing land, finishing and entitling lots, and
 installing roads, sewage and other utilities, as well as taxes
 and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we
 plan to build homes. Reducing the rate at which we build homes
 extends the length of time it takes us to recover these costs.
 Also, we frequently acquire options to purchase land and make
 deposits that may be forfeited if we do not exercise the options
 within specified periods. Because of current market conditions,
 we have strategically terminated some of these options,
 resulting in the forfeiture of deposits and unrecoverable due
 diligence and development costs.

 The value of the land and housing inventory we own or
 control may fall significantly and our profits may
 decrease.

 The value of the land and housing inventory we currently own or
 control depends on market conditions, including estimates of
 future demand for, and the revenues that can be generated from,
 such inventory. The market value of our land inventory can vary
 considerably because there is often a significant amount of time
 between our initial acquisition or optioning of land and the
 delivery of homes on that land. The downturn in the housing
 market has caused the fair value of certain of our owned or
 controlled inventory to fall, in some cases well below the
 estimated fair value at the time we acquired it. Because of our
 assessments of fair value, we have been required to write down
 the carrying value of certain of our inventory, including
 certain inventory that we have previously written down, and take
 corresponding noncash charges against our earnings to reflect
 the impaired value. We have also abandoned our interests in
 certain land inventory that no longer meets our internal
 investment standards, which also required us to take noncash
 charges. If the current downturn in the housing market
 continues, we may need to take additional charges against our
 earnings for inventory

 14

Table of Contents

 impairments or land option contract abandonments, or both. Any
 such noncash charges would have an adverse effect on our
 consolidated results of operations.

 Some homebuyers may cancel their home purchases because
 the required deposits are small and generally refundable.

 Our backlog numbers reflect the number of homes for which we
 have entered into a purchase contract with a customer but not
 yet delivered the home. Our home purchase contracts typically
 require only a small deposit, and in many states, the deposit is
 fully refundable at any time prior to closing. If the prices for
 new homes decline, competitors increase their use of sales
 incentives, interest rates increase, the availability of
 mortgage financing diminishes or there is a further downturn in
 local or regional economies or the national economy, homebuyers
 may terminate their existing home purchase contracts with us in
 order to negotiate for a lower price, explore other options or
 because they cannot, or become reluctant to, complete the
 purchase. In 2008, 2007 and 2006, we experienced elevated and
 volatile cancellation rates, in part because of these reasons.
 Continued elevated and volatile cancellation rates due to these
 conditions, or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our
 business and our results of operations.

 Our long-term success depends on the availability of
 improved lots and undeveloped land that meet our land investment
 criteria.

 The availability of finished and partially developed lots, and
 undeveloped land for purchase that meet our internal investment
 standards depends on a number of factors outside of our control,
 including land availability in general, competition with other
 homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation
 in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density and other
 regulatory requirements. Should suitable lots or land become
 less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and
 sell could be reduced, and the cost of attractive land could
 increase, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact
 our results of operations including, but not limited to, our
 margins.

 Home
 prices and sales activity in the particular markets and regions
 in which we do business affect our results of operations because
 our business is concentrated in these markets.

 Home prices and sales activity in some of our key served markets
 have declined from time to time for market-specific reasons,
 including adverse weather, lack of affordability or economic
 contraction due to, among other things, the failure or decline
 of key industries and employers. If home prices or sales
 activity decline in one or more of our key served markets,
 particularly in Arizona, California, Florida, Nevada or Texas,
 our costs may not decline at all or at the same rate and, as a
 result, our overall results of operations may be adversely
 affected.

 Interest
 rate increases or changes in federal lending programs or
 regulation could lower demand for our homes.

 Nearly all of our customers finance the purchase of their homes.
 Prior to 2006, historically low interest rates and the increased
 availability of specialized mortgage products, including
 mortgage products requiring no or low down payments, and
 interest-only and adjustable rate mortgages, had made homebuying
 more affordable for a number of customers and more available to
 customers with lower credit scores. Increases in interest rates
 or decreases in the availability of mortgage financing or of
 certain mortgage programs, as discussed above, may lead to fewer
 mortgage loans being provided, higher down payment requirements
 or monthly mortgage costs, or a combination of the foregoing,
 and, as a result, reduce demand for our homes.

 Increased interest rates can also hinder our ability to realize
 our backlog because our home purchase contracts provide our
 customers with a financing contingency. Financing contingencies
 allow customers to cancel their home purchase contracts in the
 event they cannot arrange for adequate financing.

 Because the availability of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA- and
 VA-backed mortgage financing is an important factor in marketing
 and selling many of our homes, any limitations or restrictions
 in the availability of such government-backed financing could
 reduce our home sales and adversely affect our results of
 operations. This may occur as a result of the federal
 government’s conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
 in 2008.

 Tax
 law changes could make home ownership more expensive or less
 attractive.

 Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage
 interest expense and real estate taxes, generally are deductible
 expenses for the purpose of calculating an individual’s
 federal, and in some cases state, taxable income, subject to
 various limitations, under current tax law and policy. If the
 federal government or a state government changes income tax
 laws, as some policy makers have discussed recently, by
 eliminating or substantially reducing these income tax

 15

Table of Contents

 benefits, the after-tax cost of owning a new home would increase
 substantially. This could adversely impact demand for and/or
 sales prices of new homes.

 We are subject to substantial legal and regulatory
 requirements regarding the development of land, the homebuilding
 process and protection of the environment, which can cause us to
 suffer delays and incur costs associated with compliance and
 which can prohibit or restrict homebuilding activity in some
 regions or areas.

 Our homebuilding business is heavily regulated and subject to an
 increasing amount of local, state and federal regulation
 concerning zoning, resource protection and other environmental
 impacts, building design, construction and similar matters.
 These regulations often provide broad discretion to governmental
 authorities that oversee these matters, which can result in
 unanticipated delays or increases in the cost of a specified
 project or a number of projects in particular markets. We may
 also experience periodic delays in homebuilding projects due to
 building moratoria and permitting requirements in any of the
 areas in which we operate.

 We are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal
 statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the
 environment, and recently entered into a consent decree with the
 EPA and certain states concerning our storm water pollution
 prevention practices. These laws and regulations and the consent
 decree may cause delays in construction and delivery of new
 homes, may cause us to incur substantial compliance and other
 costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict homebuilding
 activity in certain environmentally sensitive regions or areas.
 In addition, environmental laws may impose liability for the
 costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances
 whether or not the developer or owner of the property knew of,
 or was responsible for, the presence of those substances. The
 presence of those substances on our properties may prevent us
 from selling our homes and we may also be liable, under
 applicable laws and regulations or lawsuits brought by private
 parties, for hazardous or toxic substances on properties and
 lots that we have sold in the past.

 Further, a significant portion of our business is conducted in
 California, one of the most highly regulated and litigious
 states in the country. Therefore, our potential exposure to
 losses and expenses due to new laws, regulations or litigation
 may be greater than other homebuilders with a less significant
 California presence.

 The mortgage banking operations of Countrywide KB Home Loans are
 heavily regulated and subject to the rules and regulations
 promulgated by a number of governmental and quasi-governmental
 agencies. There are a number of federal and state statutes and
 regulations which, among other things, prohibit discrimination,
 establish underwriting guidelines that include obtaining
 inspections and appraisals, require credit reports on
 prospective borrowers and fix maximum loan amounts. A finding
 that we or Countrywide KB Home Loans materially violated any of
 the foregoing laws could have an adverse effect on our results
 of operations.

 We are subject to a Consent Order that we entered into with the
 Federal Trade Commission in 1979 and related Consent Decrees
 that were entered into in 1991 and 2005. Pursuant to the Consent
 Order and the related Consent Decrees, we provide explicit
 warranties on the quality of our homes, follow certain
 guidelines in advertising and provide certain disclosures to
 prospective purchasers of our homes. A finding that we have
 significantly violated the Consent Order and/or the related
 Consent Decrees could result in substantial liabilities or
 penalties and could limit our ability to sell homes in certain
 markets.

 Homebuilding and financial services are very competitive,
 and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business
 or our financial results.

 The homebuilding industry is highly competitive. Homebuilders
 compete not only for homebuyers, but also for desirable land,
 financing, building materials, skilled management and trade
 labor. We compete in each of our served markets with other
 local, regional and national homebuilders, including those with
 a sales presence on the Internet, often within larger
 subdivisions containing portions designed, planned and developed
 by such homebuilders. These homebuilders may also have
 long-standing relationships with local labor, materials
 suppliers or land sellers, which may provide an advantage in
 their respective regions or local markets. We also compete with
 other housing alternatives, such as existing home sales
 (including existing homes sold through foreclosures) and rental
 housing. The competitive conditions in the homebuilding industry
 can result in:

 • 

 our delivering fewer homes;

 • 

 our selling homes at lower selling prices;

 • 

 our offering or increasing sales incentives, discounts or price
 concessions;

 16

Table of Contents

 • 

 our experiencing lower profit margins;

 • 

 declining new home sales or increasing cancellations by
 homebuyers of their home purchase contracts with us;

 • 

 impairments in the value of our inventory and other assets;

 • 

 difficulty in acquiring desirable land that meets our investment
 return criteria, and in selling our interests in land that no
 longer meet such criteria on favorable terms;

 • 

 difficulty in our acquiring raw materials and skilled management
 and labor at acceptable prices; or

 • 

 delays in construction of our homes.

 These competitive conditions may adversely affect our business
 and financial results by decreasing our revenues, increasing our
 costs and/or diminishing growth in our local or regional
 homebuilding business. In the current downturn in the
 homebuilding industry, the reactions of our new home and housing
 alternative competitors are reducing the effectiveness of our
 efforts to achieve pricing stability, generate home sales, and
 reduce our inventory levels.

 Homebuilding
 is subject to warranty and liability claims in the ordinary
 course of business that can be significant.

 In the ordinary course of our homebuilding business, we are
 subject to home warranty and construction defect claims. We
 record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based
 on historical experience in our served markets and our judgment
 of the risks associated with the types of homes we build. We
 have, and require the majority of our subcontractors to have,
 general liability, property, errors and omissions, workers
 compensation and other business insurance. These insurance
 policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from
 claims, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles,
 and other coverage limits. Through our captive insurance
 subsidiary, we reserve for costs to cover our self-insured and
 deductible amounts under these policies and for any costs of
 claims and lawsuits, based on an analysis of our historical
 claims, which includes an estimate of claims incurred but not
 yet reported. Because of the uncertainties inherent to these
 matters, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance
 coverage, our subcontractor arrangements and our reserves will
 be adequate to address all our warranty and construction defect
 claims in the future, or that any potential inadequacies will
 not have an adverse affect on our results of operations.
 Additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability of
 general liability insurance for construction defects are
 currently limited and costly. There can be no assurance that
 coverage will not be further restricted, increasing our risks,
 and become more costly.

 Because
 of the seasonal nature of our business, our quarterly operating
 results fluctuate.

 We have experienced seasonal fluctuations in our quarterly
 operating results. We typically do not commence significant
 construction on a home before a home purchase contract has been
 signed with a homebuyer. Historically, a significant percentage
 of our home purchase contracts are entered into in the spring
 and summer months, and a corresponding significant percentage of
 our deliveries occur in the fall and winter months. Construction
 of our homes typically requires approximately four months and
 weather delays that often occur in late winter and early spring
 may extend this period. As a result of these combined factors,
 we historically have experienced uneven quarterly results, with
 lower revenues and operating income generally during the first
 and second quarters of the year. However, the increasingly
 challenging market conditions we experienced in 2008 resulted in
 lower sales in the spring and summer months and correspondingly
 lower deliveries in the fall and winter months as compared to
 2007. With the current difficult market conditions expected to
 continue into 2009, we can make no assurances that our normal
 seasonal patterns will occur in the near future.

 Failure
 to comply with the covenants and conditions imposed by the
 agreements governing our indebtedness could restrict future
 borrowing or cause our debt to become immediately due and
 payable.

 Our Credit Facility and the indenture governing our outstanding
 public notes impose restrictions on our operations and
 activities. The restrictions primarily relate to cash dividends,
 stock repurchases, incurrence of indebtedness, creation of liens
 and asset dispositions, defaults with respect to other debt
 obligations and require maintenance of a maximum debt to equity
 (or leverage) ratio, a minimum interest coverage ratio, and a
 minimum level of tangible net worth. If we fail to comply with
 these restrictions or covenants, the holders of those debt
 instruments or the banks, as appropriate, could cause our debt
 to become due and payable prior to maturity or could demand that
 we compensate them for waiving instances of noncompliance. In
 addition, a default under the indenture for any of our notes or
 our Credit Facility could cause a default with respect to our
 other notes or the Credit Facility, as the case may be, and
 result in the acceleration of the maturity of all such defaulted
 indebtedness and our inability to borrow under the Credit
 Facility, which would have a

 17

Table of Contents

 significant adverse effect on our ability to invest in and grow
 our business. Moreover, we may curtail our investment activities
 and other uses of cash to maintain compliance with these
 restrictions and covenants.

 We
 participate in certain unconsolidated joint ventures where we
 may be adversely impacted by the failure of the unconsolidated
 joint venture or the other partners in the unconsolidated joint
 venture to fulfill their obligations.

 We have investments in and commitments to certain unconsolidated
 joint ventures with unrelated strategic partners to acquire and
 develop land and, in some cases, build and deliver homes. To
 finance these activities, our unconsolidated joint ventures
 often obtain loans from third-party lenders that are secured by
 the unconsolidated joint venture’s assets. In certain
 instances, we and the other partners in an unconsolidated joint
 venture provide guarantees and indemnities to lenders with
 respect to the unconsolidated joint venture’s debt, which
 may be triggered under certain conditions when the
 unconsolidated joint venture fails to fulfill its obligations
 under its loan agreements. Because we do not have a controlling
 interest in these unconsolidated joint ventures, we depend
 heavily on the other partners in each unconsolidated joint
 venture to both (i) cooperate and make mutually acceptable
 decisions regarding the conduct of the business and affairs of
 the unconsolidated joint venture and (ii) ensure that they,
 and the unconsolidated joint venture, fulfill their respective
 obligations to us and to third parties. If the other partners in
 our unconsolidated joint ventures do not provide such
 cooperation or fulfill these obligations due to their financial
 condition, strategic business interests (which may be contrary
 to ours), or otherwise, we may be required to spend additional
 resources (including payments under the guarantees we have
 provided to the unconsolidated joint ventures’ lenders) and
 suffer losses, each of which could be significant. Moreover, our
 ability to recoup such expenditures and losses by exercising
 remedies against such partners may be limited due to potential
 legal defenses they may have, their respective financial
 condition and other circumstances.

 The
 downturn in the housing market and the continuation of the
 disruptions in the credit markets could limit our ability to
 access capital and increase our costs of capital or stockholder
 dilution.

 We have historically funded our homebuilding and financial
 services operations with internally generated cash flows and
 external sources of debt and equity financing. However, during
 this downturn in the housing market, we have relied primarily on
 the positive operating cash flow we have generated to meet our
 working capital needs and repay outstanding indebtedness. While
 we anticipate generating positive operating cash flow in 2009,
 principally through the receipt of federal income tax refunds
 and from home and land sales, the prolonged downturn in the
 housing markets and the disruption in the credit markets have
 reduced the availability to us of other sources of liquidity.

 As of November 30, 2008, we had $200.0 million of
 85/
8% senior
 subordinated notes (the “$200 Million Senior
 Subordinated Notes”) outstanding, which matured on
 December 15, 2008. We had sufficient cash on hand and
 redeemed these notes upon their scheduled maturity. However,
 current market conditions would significantly limit our ability
 to replace this indebtedness if we chose to do so, particularly
 due to the lowering of our senior debt ratings by three rating
 agencies during 2008. Pricing in the public debt markets has
 increased substantially, and the indenture terms available in
 these markets are generally more restrictive than those in our
 current indentures. Moreover, due to the deterioration in the
 credit markets and the uncertainties that exist in the general
 economy and for homebuilders in particular, we cannot be certain
 that we would be able to replace existing financing or secure
 additional sources of financing. In addition, the significant
 decline in our stock price, the ongoing volatility in the stock
 markets and the reduction in our stockholders’ equity
 relative to our debt could also impede our access to the equity
 markets or increase the amount of dilution our stockholders
 would experience should we seek or need to raise capital through
 issuance of equity.

 While we believe we can meet our forecasted capital requirements
 from our cash resources, future cash flow and the sources of
 financing that we anticipate will be available to us, we can
 provide no assurance that we will be able to do so, particularly
 if current difficult housing or credit market or economic
 conditions continue or deteriorate further. The effects on our
 business, liquidity and financial results of these conditions
 could be material and adverse to us.

 Our
 net operating loss carryforwards could be substantially limited
 if we experience an ownership change as defined in the Internal
 Revenue Code.

 Since the end of our 2007 fiscal year, we have generated
 significant net operating losses, (“NOLs”), and we may
 generate additional NOLs in 2009. Under federal tax laws, we can
 use our NOLs (and certain related tax credits) to offset
 ordinary income tax on our future taxable income for up to
 20 years, after which they expire for such purposes. Until
 they expire, we can carry forward our NOLs (and certain related
 tax credits) that we do not use in any particular year to offset
 income tax in future years.

 18

Table of Contents

 The benefits of our NOLs would be reduced or eliminated if we
 experience an “ownership change,” as determined under
 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. A
 Section 382 “ownership change” occurs if a
 stockholder or a group of stockholders who are deemed to own at
 least 5% of our common stock increase their ownership by more
 than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership
 percentage within a rolling three-year period. If an
 “ownership change” occurs, Section 382 would
 impose an annual limit on the amount of NOLs we can use to
 offset income tax equal to the product of the total value of our
 outstanding equity immediately prior to the “ownership
 change” (reduced by certain items specified in
 Section 382) and the federal long-term tax-exempt
 interest rate in effect for the month of the “ownership
 change.” A number of special rules apply to calculating
 this annual limit.

 While the complexity of Section 382’s provisions and
 the limited knowledge any public company has about the ownership
 of its publicly-traded stock make it difficult to determine
 whether an “ownership change” has occurred, we
 currently believe that an “ownership change” has not
 occurred. However, if an “ownership change” were to
 occur, the annual limit Section 382 may impose could result
 in a material amount of our NOLs expiring unused. This would
 significantly impair the value of our NOL assets and, as a
 result, have a negative impact on our financial position and
 results of operations.

 A decline in our tangible net worth and the resulting
 increase in our leverage ratio may place burdens on our ability
 to comply with the terms of our indebtedness, may restrict our
 ability to operate and may prevent us from fulfilling our
 obligations.

 The amount of our debt could have important consequences. For
 example, it could:

 • 

 limit our ability to obtain future financing for working
 capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service
 requirements or other requirements;

 • 

 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow
 from operations to the payment of our debt and reduce our
 ability to use our cash flow for other purposes;

 • 

 impact our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes
 in our business;

 • 

 place us at a competitive disadvantage because we have more debt
 than some of our competitors; and

 • 

 make us more vulnerable in the event of a further downturn in
 our business or in general economic conditions.

 Our ability to meet our debt service and other obligations will
 depend upon our future performance. Our business is
 substantially affected by changes in economic cycles. Our
 revenues, earnings and cash flows vary with the level of general
 economic activity and competition in the markets in which we
 operate. Our business could also be affected by financial,
 political and other factors, many of which are beyond our
 control. Changes in prevailing interest rates may also affect
 our ability to meet our debt service obligations because
 borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest at floating
 rates. A higher interest rate on our debt could adversely affect
 our operating results.

 Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from
 operations and borrowings may not be available to us under our
 Credit Facility in an amount sufficient to pay our debt service
 obligations, fulfill financial or operational guarantees we have
 provided for certain unconsolidated joint venture transactions,
 or to fund our other liquidity needs. In fact, the total
 commitment available under our Credit Facility was reduced in
 2008. Should we not generate sufficient cash flow from
 operations or have borrowings available to us under our Credit
 Facility, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our debt
 on or before maturity, which we may not be able to do on
 favorable terms or at all, or through equity issuances that
 would dilute existing stockholders’ interests. However, we
 currently do not anticipate a need to borrow under the Credit
 Facility through its November 2010 maturity.

 We may have difficulty in continuing to obtain the
 additional financing required to operate and develop our
 business.

 Our homebuilding operations require significant amounts of cash
 and/or available credit. It is not possible to predict the
 future terms or availability of additional capital. Moreover,
 our outstanding public debt and the Credit Facility contain
 provisions that may restrict the amount and nature of debt we
 may incur in the future. The Credit Facility limits our ability
 to borrow additional funds by placing a maximum cap on our
 leverage ratio. Under the most restrictive of these provisions,
 at November 30, 2008, we would have been permitted to incur
 up to $1.55 billion of consolidated total indebtedness, as
 defined in the Credit Facility. This maximum amount exceeded our
 actual consolidated total indebtedness at November 30, 2008
 by $814.5 million. In addition, the Credit Facility limits
 our ability to borrow senior indebtedness, as defined in the
 Credit Facility, subject to a specified borrowing base. At
 November 30, 2008, we would have been permitted to incur up
 to

 19

Table of Contents

 $2.47 billion of senior indebtedness under the Credit
 Facility. This maximum amount exceeded our actual total senior
 indebtedness at November 30, 2008 by $825.0 million.
 There can be no assurance that we can actually borrow up to
 these maximum amounts of total consolidated indebtedness or
 senior indebtedness at any time, as our ability to borrow
 additional funds, and to raise additional capital through other
 means, also depends on conditions in the capital markets and our
 perceived credit worthiness, as discussed above. If conditions
 in the capital markets change significantly, it could reduce our
 ability to generate sales and may hinder our future growth and
 results of operations.