In addition to the risks previously mentioned, the following
important factors could adversely impact our business. These
factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from
the forward-looking and other statements that we make in
registration statements, periodic reports and other filings with
the SEC, and that we make from time to time in our news
releases, annual reports and other written communications, as
well as oral forward-looking and other statements made from time
to time by our representatives.

Our business is cyclical and is significantly impacted by
changes in general and local economic conditions.

Our business is substantially affected by changes in national
and general economic factors outside of our control, such as:

• 

 short and long term interest rates;

• 

 the availability of financing for homebuyers;

• 

 consumer confidence (which can be substantially affected by
 external conditions, including international hostilities
 involving the United States or France);

• 

 federal mortgage financing programs; and

• 

 federal income tax provisions.

The cyclicality of our business is also highly sensitive to
changes in economic conditions that can occur on a local or
regional basis, such as changes in:

• 

 housing demand;

• 

 population growth;

• 

 employment levels and job growth; and

• 

 property taxes.

13

Weather conditions and natural disasters such as earthquakes,
hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts, fires and other
environmental conditions can harm our homebuilding business on a
local or regional basis. Civil unrest can also have an adverse
effect on our homebuilding business.

Fluctuating lumber prices and shortages, as well as shortages or
price fluctuations in other important building materials, can
have an adverse effect on our homebuilding business. Similarly,
labor shortages or unrest among key trades, such as carpenters,
roofers, electricians and plumbers, can delay the delivery of
our homes and increase our costs. Rebuilding efforts underway in
the gulf coast region of the United States following the
destruction caused by the two devastating hurricanes there in
the summer of 2005 may cause or exacerbate shortages of labor
and/or certain materials.

The difficulties described above can cause demand and prices for
our homes to diminish or cause us to take longer and incur more
costs to build our homes. We may not be able to recover these
increased costs by raising prices because the price of each home
is usually set several months before the home is delivered, as
our customers typically sign their home purchase contracts
before construction has even begun on their homes. In addition,
some of the difficulties described above could cause some
homebuyers to cancel their home purchase contracts altogether.

The homebuilding industry has not experienced a downturn
in many years, and new homes may be overvalued.

Although the homebuilding business can be cyclical, it has not
experienced a downturn in many years. Some have speculated that
the prices of new homes, and the stock prices of companies like
ours that build new homes, are inflated and may decline if the
demand for new homes weakens. A decline in the prices for new
homes would have an adverse effect on our homebuilding business.

If new home prices decline, interest rates increase or
there is a downturn in the economy, some homebuyers may cancel
their home purchases because the required deposits are small and
generally refundable.

Our backlog numbers reflect the number of homes for which we
have entered into a sales contract with a customer but not yet
delivered. Those sales contracts typically require only a small
deposit, and in many states (or as a matter of our business
practices), the deposit is fully refundable at any time prior to
closing. If the prices for new homes begin to decline, interest
rates increase or there is a downturn in local or regional
economies or the national economy, homebuyers may have financial
incentive to terminate their existing sales contracts in order
to negotiate for a lower price or to explore other options. Such
a result could have an adverse effect on our homebuilding
business and our results of operations.

Our success depends on the availability of improved lots
and undeveloped land that meet our land investment
criteria.

The availability of finished and partially developed lots and
undeveloped land for purchase that meet our internal criteria
depends on a number of factors outside our control, including
land availability in general, competition with other
homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation
in land prices, and zoning, allowable housing density and other
regulatory requirements. Should suitable lots or land become
less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and
sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased,
perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results
of operations.

Home prices and sales activity in the particular markets
and regions in which we do business impact our results of
operations because our business is concentrated in these
markets.

Home prices and sales activity in some of our key markets have
declined from time to time for market-specific reasons,
including adverse weather or economic contraction due to, among
other things, the failure or decline of key industries and
employers. If home prices or sales activity decline in one or
more of the key markets in which we operate, our costs may not
decline at all or at the same rate and, as a result, our overall
results of operations may be adversely impacted.

Interest rate increases or changes in federal lending
programs could lower demand for our homes.

Nearly all of our customers finance the purchase of their homes,
and a significant number of these customers arrange their
financing through Countrywide KB Home Loans. Increases in
interest rates or decreases in availability of mortgage

14

financing would increase monthly mortgage costs for our
potential homebuyers and could therefore reduce demand for our
homes and mortgages. Increased interest rates can also hinder
our ability to realize our backlog because our sales contracts
provide our customers with a financing contingency. Financing
contingencies allow customers to cancel their home purchase
contracts in the event they cannot arrange for financing at
interest rates that were prevailing when they signed their
contracts.

Because the availability of Fannie Mae, FHLMC, FHA and VA
mortgage financing is an important factor in marketing many of
our homes, any limitations or restrictions on the availability
of those types of financing could reduce our home sales. In
2005, 62% of the mortgages originated by KBHMC were conventional
(most of which conformed to Fannie Mae and FHLMC guidelines);
10% were FHA-insured or VA-guaranteed (a portion of which were
adjustable rate loans); 26% were adjustable rate mortgages
(“ARMs”) provided through commitments from
institutional investors; and 2% were funded by mortgage revenue
bond programs. In 2004 and 2003, 56% and 65%, respectively, of
the mortgages originated were conventional; 17% and 24%,
respectively, were FHA-insured or VA-guaranteed; 24% and 8%,
respectively, were ARMS; and 3% and 3%, respectively, were
funded by mortgage revenue bond programs.

We are subject to substantial legal and regulatory
requirements regarding the development of land, the homebuilding
process and protection of the environment, which can cause us to
suffer delays and incur costs associated with compliance and
which can prohibit or restrict homebuilding activity in some
regions or areas.

Our homebuilding business is heavily regulated and subject to
increasing local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules
and regulations concerning zoning, resource protection, other
environmental impacts, building design, construction and similar
matters. These regulations often provide broad discretion to
governmental authorities that regulate these matters, which can
result in unanticipated delays or increases in the cost of a
specified project or a number of projects in particular markets.
We may also experience periodic delays in homebuilding projects
due to building moratoria in any of the areas in which we
operate.

We are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal
statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the
environment. These laws and regulations may cause delays in
construction and delivery of new homes, may cause us to incur
substantial compliance and other costs, and can prohibit or
severely restrict homebuilding activity in certain
environmentally sensitive regions or areas. In addition,
environmental laws may impose liability for the costs of removal
or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances whether or not
the developer or owner of the property knew of, or was
responsible for, the presence of those substances. The presence
of those substances on our properties may prevent us from
selling our homes and we may also be liable, under applicable
laws and regulations or lawsuits brought by private parties, for
hazardous or toxic substances on properties and lots that we
have sold in the past.

Further, a significant portion of our business is conducted in
California, which is one of the most highly regulated and
litigious states in the country. Therefore, our potential
exposure to losses and expenses due to new laws, regulations or
litigation may be greater than other homebuilders with a less
significant California presence.

Because of our French business, we are also subject to
regulations and restrictions imposed by the government of France
concerning investments by non-French companies, such as us, in
businesses in France, as well as to French and European Union
laws and regulations similar to those discussed above.

The mortgage banking operations of Countrywide KB Home Loans
(like the operations formerly conducted by KBHMC) are heavily
regulated and subject to the rules and regulations promulgated
by a number of governmental and quasi-governmental agencies.
There are a number of federal and state statutes and regulations
which, among other things, prohibit discrimination, establish
underwriting guidelines which include obtaining inspections and
appraisals, require credit reports on prospective borrowers and
fix maximum loan amounts. A finding that we or Countrywide KB
Home Loans materially violated any of the foregoing laws could
have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

We are subject to a Consent Order that we entered into with the
Federal Trade Commission in 1979. Pursuant to the Consent Order,
we provide explicit warranties on the quality of our homes,
follow certain guidelines in advertising and provide certain
disclosures to prospective purchasers of our homes. A finding
that we have significantly violated the Consent Order could
result in substantial liabilities or penalties and could limit
our ability to sell homes in certain markets.

15

We build homes in highly competitive markets, which could
hurt our future operating results.

We compete in each of our markets with a number of homebuilding
companies for homebuyers, land, financing, raw materials and
skilled management and labor resources. Our competitors include
other large national homebuilders, as well as smaller regional
and local builders that can have an advantage in local markets
because of long-standing relationships they may have with local
labor or land sellers. We also compete with other housing
alternatives, such as existing homes and rental housing.

These competitive conditions can:

• 

 make it difficult for us to acquire desirable land which meets
 our land buying criteria;

• 

 cause us to offer or to increase our sales incentives or price
 discounts; and

• 

 result in reduced sales.

Any of these competitive conditions can adversely impact our
revenues, increase our costs and/or impede the growth of our
local or regional homebuilding businesses.

Changing market conditions may adversely impact our
ability to sell homes at expected prices.

There is often a significant amount of time between when we
initially acquire land and when we can make homes on that land
available for sale. The market value of a proposed home can vary
significantly during this time due to changing market
conditions. In the past, we have benefited from increases in the
value of homes over time, but if market conditions were to
reverse, we may need to sell homes at lower prices than we
anticipate. We may also need to take
write-downs of our home
inventories and land holdings if market values decline.

The design and construction of high density mixed use