Risks
 Related to Our Business

 In addition to the other information set forth in this report,
 you should carefully consider the risks described below which
 could materially affect our business, financial condition, or
 future results. Any of the following risks, as well as other
 risks and uncertainties, could harm our business and financial
 condition.

 We
 operate in highly competitive markets.

 The liquid refreshment beverage industry is highly competitive
 and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer
 preferences. Competition is generally based upon brand
 recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, selection and
 convenience. We compete with multinational corporations with
 significant financial resources. Our two largest competitors in
 the liquid refreshment beverage market are
 Coca-Cola
 and PepsiCo, each representing more than 30% of the
 U.S. liquid refreshment beverage market by volume,
 according to Beverage Digest. We also compete against other
 large companies, including Nestle and Kraft. These competitors
 can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to
 competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by
 introducing new products, reducing prices or increasing
 promotional activities. As a bottler, we compete with bottlers
 such as CCE, PBG, PAS and a number of smaller bottlers and
 distributors. We also compete with a variety of smaller,
 regional and private label manufacturers, such as Cott. Smaller
 companies may be more innovative, better able to bring new
 products to market and better able to quickly exploit and serve
 niche markets. We have lower exposure to some of the faster
 growing non-carbonated and the bottled water segments in the
 overall liquid refreshment beverage market and as a result,
 although we have increased our market share in the overall
 United States CSD market, we have lost share in the overall
 United States liquid refreshment beverage market over the past
 several years. In Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean, we compete
 with many of these same international companies as well as a
 number of regional competitors.

 Although these bottlers and distributors are our competitors,
 many of these companies are also our customers as they purchase
 beverage concentrates from us.

 Our inability to compete effectively could result in a decline
 in our sales. As a result, we may have to reduce our prices or
 increase our spending on marketing, advertising and product
 innovation. Any of these could negatively affect our business
 and financial performance.

 We may
 not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences,
 trends, health concerns and other factors.

 Consumers’ preferences can change due to a variety of
 factors, including aging of the population, social trends,
 negative publicity, economic downturn or other factors. For
 example, consumers are increasingly concerned about health and
 wellness, and demand for regular CSDs has decreased as consumers
 have shifted towards low or no calorie soft drinks and,
 increasingly, to NCBs, such as water,
 ready-to-drink
 teas and sports drinks. If we do not effectively anticipate
 these trends and changing consumer preferences, then quickly
 develop new products in

 13

Table of Contents

 response, our sales could suffer. Developing and launching new
 products can be risky and expensive. We may not be successful in
 responding to changing markets and consumer preferences, and
 some of our competitors may be better able to respond to these
 changes, either of which could negatively affect our business
 and financial performance.

 We
 depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant
 portion of our sales.

 Food and beverage retailers in the United States have been
 consolidating, resulting in large, sophisticated retailers with
 increased buying power. They are in a better position to resist
 our price increases and demand lower prices. They also have
 leverage to require us to provide larger, more tailored
 promotional and product delivery programs. If we and our
 bottlers and distributors do not successfully provide
 appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing and service
 to these retailers, our product availability, sales and margins
 could suffer. Certain retailers make up a significant percentage
 of our products’ retail volume, including volume sold by
 our bottlers and distributors. Some retailers also offer their
 own private label products that compete with some of our brands.
 The loss of sales of any of our products in a major retailer
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and
 financial performance.

 We
 depend on third party bottling and distribution companies for a
 portion of our business.

 Net sales from our Beverage Concentrates segment represent sales
 of beverage concentrates to third party bottling companies that
 we do not own. The Beverage Concentrates segment’s net
 sales generate a portion of our overall net sales. Some of these
 bottlers are partly owned by a competitor. In the case of PBG
 and PAS, PepsiCo has acquired majority ownership. Additionally,
 Coca-Cola is now in the process of acquiring ownership of
 CCE’s North American bottling business. The majority of
 these bottlers’ business comes from selling our
 competitors’ products. In addition, some of the products we
 manufacture are distributed by third parties. As independent
 companies, these bottlers and distributors make their own
 business decisions. They may have the right to determine
 whether, and to what extent, they produce and distribute our
 products, our competitors’ products and their own products.
 They may devote more resources to other products or take other
 actions detrimental to our brands. In most cases, they are able
 to terminate their bottling and distribution arrangements with
 us without cause. We may need to increase support for our brands
 in their territories and may not be able to pass on price
 increases to them. Their financial condition could also be
 adversely affected by conditions beyond our control and our
 business could suffer. Deteriorating economic conditions could
 negatively impact the financial viability of third party
 bottlers. Any of these factors could negatively affect our
 business and financial performance.

 Our
 financial results may be negatively impacted by recession,
 financial and credit market disruptions and other economic
 conditions.

 Customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by
 recession or other economic downturn in the United States,
 Canada, Mexico or the Caribbean, which could result in a
 reduction in our sales volume
 and/or
 switching to lower price offerings. Similarly, disruptions in
 financial and credit markets may impact our ability to manage
 normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers
 and creditors. These disruptions could have a negative impact on
 the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to
 us, thus reducing our cash flow, or our vendors to timely supply
 materials.

 We could also face increased counterparty risk for our cash
 investments and our hedge arrangements. Declines in the
 securities and credit markets could also affect our pension
 fund, which in turn could increase funding requirements.

 Determinations
 in the future that a significant impairment of the value of our
 goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets has
 occurred could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations.

 As of December 31, 2009, we had $8.8 billion of total
 assets, of which approximately $5.7 billion were intangible
 assets. Intangible assets include goodwill, and other intangible
 assets in connection with brands, bottler agreements,
 distribution rights and customer relationships. We conduct
 impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite lived intangible
 assets annually, as of December 31, or more frequently if
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
 not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of an intangible
 asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized
 in an amount equal to that excess. There was no impairment
 required based

 14

Table of Contents

 upon our annual impairment analysis performed as of
 December 31, 2009. For additional information about these
 intangible assets, see “Critical Accounting
 Estimates — Goodwill and Other Indefinite Lived
 Intangible Assets” in Item 7, “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations,” and our Audited Consolidated Financial
 Statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data,” in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.

 The impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair
 value of intangible assets. Since a number of factors may
 influence determinations of fair value of intangible assets, we
 are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill or other
 indefinite lived intangibles will occur in the future. Any such
 impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in
 our Statement of Operations, which may adversely affect our
 results of operations.

 We
 have a substantial amount of outstanding debt, which could
 adversely affect our business and our ability to meet our
 obligations.

 As of December 31, 2009, our total indebtedness was
 $2,971 million. Total indebtedness is defined as long-term
 obligations of $2,960 million, plus the $8 million
 adjustment related to the change in the fair value of interest
 rate swaps designated as fair value hedges and the
 $3 million of current obligations related to capital leases
 included as a component of accounts payable and accrued
 expenses. Subsequent to December 31, 2009, the Company made
 optional repayments of $405 million, which represented the
 outstanding principal balance on the revolving credit facility
 (the “Revolver”) as of December 31, 2009.

 This substantial amount of debt could have important
 consequences to us and our investors, including:

 • 

 requiring a portion of our cash flow from operations to make
 interest payments on this debt; and

 • 

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and
 industry conditions.

 To the extent we experience deteriorating economic conditions,
 the risks described above would increase. Additionally, it may
 become more difficult to satisfy debt service and other
 obligations, the cash flow available to fund capital
 expenditures, other corporate purposes and to grow our business
 could be reduced. Our actual cash requirements in the future may
 be greater than expected. Our cash flow from operations may not
 be sufficient to repay at maturity all of the outstanding debt
 as it becomes due.

 In addition, the credit agreements governing our debt contain
 covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur
 debt at subsidiaries that are not guarantors, incur liens, merge
 or sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially
 all of our assets, make investments, loans, advances, guarantees
 and acquisitions, enter into transactions with affiliates and
 enter into agreements restricting our ability to incur liens or
 the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions. The
 credit agreement also requires us to comply with certain
 affirmative and financial covenants.

 We may
 not comply with applicable government laws and regulations and
 they could change.

 We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and
 regulations in the United States, Canada, Mexico and other
 countries in which we do business. These laws and regulations
 apply to many aspects of our business including the manufacture,
 safety, labeling, transportation, advertising and sale of our
 products. See “Regulatory Matters” in Item 1,
 “Business,” of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 for more information regarding many of these laws and
 regulations. Violations of these laws or regulations could
 damage our reputation

and/or
 result in regulatory actions with substantial penalties. In
 addition, any significant change in such laws or regulations or
 their interpretation, or the introduction of higher standards or
 more stringent laws or regulations could result in increased
 compliance costs or capital expenditures. For example, changes
 in recycling and bottle deposit laws or special taxes on soft
 drinks or ingredients could increase our costs. Regulatory focus
 on the health, safety and marketing of food products is
 increasing. Certain state warning and labeling laws, such as
 California’s “Prop 65,” which requires warnings
 on any product with substances that the state lists as
 potentially causing cancer or birth defects, could become
 applicable to our products.

 15

Table of Contents

 Some local and regional governments and school boards have
 enacted, or have proposed to enact, regulations restricting the
 sale of certain types of soft drinks in schools. Any violations
 or changes of regulations could have a material adverse effect
 on our profitability, or disrupt the production or distribution
 of our products, and negatively affect our business and
 financial performance. In addition, taxes imposed on the sale of
 certain of our products by federal, state, local and foreign
 governments could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing
 our products. For example, some members of the United States
 federal government have raised the possibility of a federal tax
 on the sale of certain “sugared” beverages, including
 non-diet soft drinks, fruit drinks, teas, and flavored waters,
 to help pay for the cost of healthcare reform. Some United
 States state governments are also considering similar taxes. If
 enacted, such taxes could materially affect our business and
 financial results.

 Our
 distribution agreements with our allied brands could be
 terminated.

 Hansen Natural Corporation and glacéau terminated their
 distribution agreements with us in 2008 and 2007, respectively.
 We are subject to a risk of other allied brands, such as FIJI
 and AriZona, terminating their distribution agreements with us,
 which could negatively affect our business and financial
 performance.

 Litigation
 or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities
 and damage our reputation.

 We are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings.
 We evaluate these claims and proceedings to assess the
 likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible,
 the amount of potential losses. We may establish a reserve as
 appropriate based upon assessments and estimates in accordance
 with our accounting policies. We base our assessments, estimates
 and disclosures on the information available to us at the time
 and rely on legal and management judgment. Actual outcomes or
 losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates.
 Actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims or
 proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial
 performance. For more information, see Note 20 of the Notes
 to our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Benefits
 cost increases could reduce our profitability.

 Our profitability is substantially affected by the costs of
 pension, postretirement, employee medical costs and other
 benefits. In recent years, these costs have increased
 significantly due to factors such as increases in health care
 costs, declines in investment returns on pension assets and
 changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related
 liabilities. Although we actively seek to control increases in
 costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in
 limiting future cost increases, and continued upward pressure in
 costs could have a material adverse affect on our business and
 financial performance.

 Costs
 for our raw materials may increase substantially.

 The principal raw materials we use in our business are aluminum
 cans and ends, glass bottles, PET bottles and caps, paperboard
 packaging, sweeteners, juice, fruit, water and other
 ingredients. Additionally, conversion of raw materials into our
 products for sale also uses electricity and natural gas. The
 cost of the raw materials can fluctuate substantially. We are
 significantly impacted by increases in fuel costs due to the
 large truck fleet we operate in our distribution businesses and
 our use of third party carriers. Under many of our supply
 arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates
 along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs, such
 as aluminum in the case of cans, natural gas in the case of
 glass bottles, resin in the case of PET bottles and caps, corn
 in the case of sweeteners and pulp in the case of paperboard
 packaging. Continued price increases could exert pressure on our
 costs and we may not be able to pass along any such increases to
 our customers or consumers, which could negatively affect our
 business and financial performance.

 Certain
 raw materials we use are available from a limited number of
 suppliers and shortages could occur.

 Some raw materials we use, such as aluminum cans and ends, glass
 bottles, PET bottles, sweeteners and other ingredients, are
 sourced from industries characterized by a limited supply base.
 If our suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet our
 requirements, we could suffer shortages or substantial cost
 increases. Changing suppliers can

 16

Table of Contents

 require long lead times. The failure of our suppliers to meet
 our needs could occur for many reasons, including fires, natural
 disasters, weather, manufacturing problems, disease, crop
 failure, strikes, transportation interruption, government
 regulation, political instability and terrorism. A failure of
 supply could also occur due to suppliers’ financial
 difficulties, including bankruptcy. Some of these risks may be
 more acute where the supplier or its plant is located in riskier
 or less-developed countries or regions. Any significant
 interruption to supply or cost increase could substantially harm
 our business and financial performance.

 Substantial
 disruption to production at our manufacturing and distribution
 facilities could occur.

 A disruption in production at our beverage concentrates
 manufacturing facility, which manufactures almost all of our
 concentrates, could have a material adverse effect on our
 business. In addition, a disruption could occur at any of our
 other facilities or those of our suppliers, bottlers or
 distributors. The disruption could occur for many reasons,
 including fire, natural disasters, weather, water scarcity,
 manufacturing problems, disease, strikes, transportation
 interruption, government regulation or terrorism. Alternative
 facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be
 available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant
 time to start production, each of which could negatively affect
 our business and financial performance.

 Our
 facilities and operations may require substantial investment and
 upgrading.

 We have an ongoing program of investment and upgrading in our
 manufacturing, distribution and other facilities. We expect to
 incur substantial costs to upgrade or keep
 up-to-date
 various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations,
 including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. If
 our investment and restructuring costs are higher than
 anticipated or our business does not develop as anticipated to
 appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, our costs and
 financial performance could be negatively affected.

 We may
 not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on
 satisfactory terms, or we could experience
 strikes.

 As of December 31, 2009, approximately 4,000 of our
 employees, many of whom are at our key manufacturing locations,
 were covered by collective bargaining agreements. These
 agreements typically expire every three to four years at various
 dates. We may not be able to renew our collective bargaining
 agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. This could result in
 strikes or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to
 manufacture and distribute our products and result in a
 substantial loss of sales. The terms of existing or renewed
 agreements could also significantly increase our costs or
 negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency.

 Our
 products may not meet health and safety standards or could
 become contaminated.

 We have adopted various quality, environmental, health and
 safety standards. However, our products may still not meet these
 standards or could otherwise become contaminated. A failure to
 meet these standards or contamination could occur in our
 operations or those of our bottlers, distributors or suppliers.
 This could result in expensive production interruptions, recalls
 and liability claims. Moreover, negative publicity could be
 generated from false, unfounded or nominal liability claims or
 limited recalls. Any of these failures or occurrences could
 negatively affect our business and financial performance.

 Our
 intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could
 infringe the intellectual property rights of others and adverse
 events regarding licensed intellectual property, including
 termination of distribution rights, could harm our
 business.

 We possess intellectual property that is important to our
 business. This intellectual property includes ingredient
 formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes
 and other trade secrets. See “Intellectual Property and
 Trademarks” in Item 1, “Business,” of this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 for more information. We and third parties, including
 competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property
 rights. Litigation could disrupt our business, divert management
 attention and cost a substantial amount to protect our rights or
 defend

 17

Table of Contents

 ourselves against claims. We cannot be certain that the steps we
 take to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others
 will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. If we are unable
 to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands,
 products and business could be harmed.

 We also license various trademarks from third parties and
 license our trademarks to third parties. In some countries,
 other companies own a particular trademark which we own in the
 United States, Canada or Mexico. For example, the Dr Pepper
 trademark and formula is owned by
 Coca-Cola in
 certain other countries. Adverse events affecting those third
 parties or their products could affect our use of the trademark
 and negatively impact our brands.

 In some cases, we license products from third parties which we
 distribute. The licensor may be able to terminate the license
 arrangement upon an agreed period of notice, in some cases
 without payment to us of any termination fee. The termination of
 any material license arrangement could adversely affect our
 business and financial performance.

 We
 could lose key personnel or may be unable to recruit qualified
 personnel.

 Our performance significantly depends upon the continued
 contributions of our executive officers and key employees, both
 individually and as a group, and our ability to retain and
 motivate them. Our officers and key personnel have many years of
 experience with us and in our industry and it may be difficult
 to replace them. If we lose key personnel or are unable to
 recruit qualified personnel, our operations and ability to
 manage our business may be adversely affected. We do not have
 “key person” life insurance for any of our executive
 officers or key employees.

 We
 depend on key information systems and third party service
 providers.

 We depend on key information systems to accurately and
 efficiently transact our business, provide information to
 management and prepare financial reports. We rely on third party
 providers for a number of key information systems and business
 processing services, including hosting our primary data center
 and processing various accounting, order entry and other
 transactional services. These systems and services are
 vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from,
 among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks,
 software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing
 errors, computer viruses, hackers, other security issues or
 supplier defaults. Security, backup and disaster recovery
 measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid
 such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these
 systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing
 inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems
 or process transactions, loss of customers or other business
 disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business
 and financial performance.

 Weather
 and climate changes could adversely affect our
 business.

 Unseasonable or unusual weather or long-term climate changes may
 negatively impact the price or availability of raw materials,
 energy and fuel, and demand for our products. Unusually cool
 weather during the summer months may result in reduced demand
 for our products and have a negative effect on our business and
 financial performance.

 There is growing political and scientific sentiment that
 increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse
 gases in the atmosphere are influencing global weather patterns
 (“global warming”). Changing weather patterns, along
 with the increased frequency or duration of extreme weather
 conditions, could negatively impact the availability or increase
 the cost of key raw materials that we use to produce our
 products. Additionally, the sale of our products can be
 negatively impacted by weather conditions.

 Concern over climate change, including global warming, has led
 to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting
 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. For example, proposals that
 would impose mandatory requirements on GHG emissions continue to
 be considered by policy makers in the countries that we operate.
 Laws enacted that directly or indirectly affect our production,
 distribution, packaging, cost of raw materials, fuel,
 ingredients, and water could all negatively impact our business
 and financial results.

 18

Table of Contents