An investment in our Common
Shares or other securities is subject to risks inherent to our business and our industry. Described below are certain risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of which could have a material and

13 

Table of Contents

adverse effect on us. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included or
incorporated by reference in this report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Although we have significant risk management policies, procedures and practices aimed at mitigating these risks, uncertainties may
nevertheless impair our business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 

IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS
ACTUALLY OCCUR, OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, AND/OR ACCESS TO LIQUIDITY AND/OR CREDIT COULD BE MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECTED (“MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON US”). IF THIS WERE TO HAPPEN, THE VALUE OF OUR
SECURITIES — COMMON SHARES, SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK, TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES AND DEBT SECURITIES — COULD DECLINE, PERHAPS SIGNIFICANTLY, AND YOU COULD LOSE ALL OR PART OF YOUR INVESTMENT. 

Our enterprise risk management program (the “ERM program”) identifies Key’s major risk categories, including: market, compliance, credit,
liquidity, and operational, together with reputation and strategic risks as they relate to the foregoing. The following risk factors are grouped into categories consistent with the five preceding main categories of risk focused on in our ERM
program, with an additional category for risks related to investment in our Common Shares. 

I.  Market Risks 

The global financial markets continue to be strained as a result of the economic slowdown abroad and concerns about the creditworthiness of member
states of the European Union. These factors could have international implications, which could hinder the U.S. economic recovery and affect the stability of global financial markets. 

Certain European Union member states have fiscal obligations greater than their fiscal revenue, which has caused investor concern over such countries’ ability to continue to service their debt and
foster economic growth in their economies. During 2011, the European debt crisis caused spreads to widen in the fixed income debt markets and liquidity to be less abundant. The European debt crisis and measures adopted to address it have
significantly weakened European economies. A weaker European economy may cause investors to lose confidence in the safety and soundness of European financial institutions and the stability of European member economies. A failure to adequately
address sovereign debt concerns in Europe could hamper economic recovery or contribute to recessionary economic conditions and severe stress in the financial markets, including in the United States. Should the U.S. economic recovery be adversely
impacted by these factors, the likelihood for loan and asset growth at U.S. financial institutions, like Key, would deteriorate. 

The U.S.
economy remains vulnerable as the economic recovery continues to progress slowly. 

The recovery of the U.S. economy continues to
progress slowly with improvement expected to continue gradually into 2012 and 2013, according to the Federal Open Market Committee (the “FOMC”). Certain downside risks to the U.S. economy remain present. Strains in the global financial
markets pose significant downside risk to the U.S. economy. Unemployment, the slowing pace of business fixed investment, and the depressed housing sector are additional factors of concern. The U.S. economy could also be affected by the slowdown in
economic activity abroad often related to fiscal tightening and the significant fiscal challenges that remain for local governments in the U.S. The continuation or worsening of these factors could weaken the U.S. economic recovery underway. The
downgrade of U.S. Treasury securities by Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (“S&P”) and political difficulties in addressing the economy within the U.S. government have contributed to high levels of volatility in the
financial markets. Should economic indicators deteriorate, the U.S. could face another recession, which could affect us in a variety of substantial and unpredictable ways as well as affect our borrowers’ ability to meet their repayment
obligations. We have taken steps since the 2008-2009 financial crisis to strengthen our liquidity position. Nevertheless, a return of the volatile economic 

14 

Table of Contents

conditions recently experienced, including the adverse conditions in the fixed income debt markets, for an extended period of time, particularly if left unmitigated by policy measures, may have a
Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect our earnings on loans and other
interest-earning assets. 

Our earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the
difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that
are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, consumer preferences for specific loan and deposit products and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in
particular, the Federal Reserve. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the amount of interest we receive on loans and securities and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but
such changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits as well as the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. If the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings increases at a faster rate than the interest
we receive on loans and other investments, net interest income, and therefore our earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest we receive on loans and other investments falls more quickly than the
interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings. We use simulation analysis to produce an estimate of interest rate exposure based on assumptions and judgments related to balance sheet changes, customer behavior, new products, new business volume,
product pricing, competitor behavior, the behavior of market interest rates and anticipated hedging activities. Simulation analysis involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires estimates of future risks and trends. Accordingly, there can be
no assurance that actual results will not differ from those derived in simulation analysis due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, actual hedging strategies employed, changes in balance sheet composition, and the
possible effects of unanticipated or unknown events. 

Although we believe that we have implemented effective asset and liability management
strategies, including simulation analysis and the use of interest rate derivatives as hedging instruments, to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on our results of operations, any substantial, unexpected and/or prolonged change
in market interest rates could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

II.  Compliance Risks 

The regulatory environment for the financial services industry is being significantly impacted by the financial regulatory reform initiatives in the
United States, including the Dodd-Frank Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

The United States as well as other governments
have undertaken major reforms of the regulatory oversight structure of the financial services industry. We expect to face increased regulation of our industry as a result of current and future initiatives intended to provide economic stimulus,
financial market stability, and enhance the liquidity and solvency of financial institutions, and new efforts designed to protect consumers and investors from financial abuse. We also expect more intense scrutiny from our bank supervisors in the
examination process and more aggressive enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels, particularly due to both KeyBank’s and KeyCorp’s status as covered institutions for the enhanced prudential standards promulgated
under the Dodd-Frank Act. Compliance with these new regulations and supervisory initiatives will likely increase our cost and reduce our revenue and may limit our ability to pursue certain desirable business opportunities. 

Many parts of the Dodd-Frank Act are now in effect, while others are in an implementation stage likely to continue for several years. The law requires
that regulators, some of which are new regulatory bodies created by the Dodd-Frank Act, draft, review and approve more than 300 implementing regulations and conduct numerous studies that are likely to lead to more regulations, thus extending the
uncertainty surrounding the ultimate impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on us. 

15 

Table of Contents

A number of reform provisions are likely to significantly impact the ways in which banks and bank holding
companies, including Key, conduct their business: 

—

 The newly created regulatory bodies include the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (the “CFPB”) and the Financial Stability Oversight
Council (the “FSOC”). The CFPB has been given authority to regulate consumer financial products and services sold by banks and non-bank companies and to supervise banks with assets of more than $10 billion and their affiliates for
compliance with Federal consumer protection laws. Any new regulatory requirements promulgated by the CFPB could require changes to our consumer businesses, result in increased compliance costs and affect the streams of revenue of such businesses.
The FSOC has been charged with identifying systemic risks, promoting stronger financial regulation and identifying those non-bank companies that are systemically important and thus should be subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve. In addition,
in extraordinary cases and together with the Federal Reserve, the FSOC could break up financial firms that are deemed to present a grave threat to the financial stability of the United States. 

—

 The Dodd-Frank Act “Volcker Rule” provisions prohibit banks from engaging in certain types of proprietary trading. The scope of the
proprietary trading prohibition, and its impact on Key, will depend on the definitions in the final rule, particularly those definitions related to statutory exemptions for risk-mitigating hedging activities; market-making; and customer-related
activities. 

—

 The Volcker Rule and the rulemakings promulgated thereunder are also expected to restrict private equity and hedge fund activities. Our principal
investments and real estate capital lines of business hold certain investments representing in aggregate $538 million ($473 million and $65 million, respectively) that we expect may be subject to certain limitations under the Volcker Rule. Under the
proposed rulemaking announced on October 11, 2011, we expect to be able to hold these investments until July 2014 with no restriction, and be eligible to obtain up to three one-year extension periods, subject to regulatory approvals. A forced
sale of some of these investments could result in Key receiving less value than it would otherwise have received. Depending on the provisions of the final rule, it is possible that other structures through which Key conducts business but that are
not typically referred to as private equity or hedge funds could be restricted, with an impact that cannot be evaluated. 

—

 Pursuant to certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve promulgated Regulation II, Debit Card Interchange Fees and Routing
(“Regulation II”), which limits debit card interchange fees, eliminates exclusivity arrangements between issuers and networks for debit card transactions, and imposes limits for restrictions on merchant discounting for the use of certain
payment forms and minimum or maximum amount thresholds as a condition for acceptance of credit cards. The relevant portions of Regulation II became effective October 1, 2011. Assuming interchange fees are set at the maximum allowable under
Regulation II and we receive the fraud adjustment, we estimate that the impact on our debit interchange revenue stream will be an annualized decline of approximately $50 million to $60 million before any potential offsets from other fees or cost
mitigation that may be implemented. 

—

 New provisions under the Dodd-Frank Act concerning the applicability of state consumer protection laws to national banks, such as KeyBank, became
effective on July 21, 2011. Questions may arise as to whether certain state consumer financial laws that may have previously been preempted by federal law are no longer preempted as a result of the effectiveness of these new provisions.
Depending on how such questions are resolved, we may experience an increase in state-level regulation of our retail banking business and additional compliance obligations, revenue impacts and costs. Provisions under the Dodd-Frank Act that also took
effect on July 21, 2011, permit state attorneys general to bring civil actions against national banks, such as KeyBank, for violations of regulations issued by the CFPB. 

—

 The FDIC and the Federal Reserve have adopted a final rule that requires bank holding companies that have $50 billion or more in assets, like KeyCorp,
to periodically submit to the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the 

16 

Table of Contents

FSOC a plan discussing how the company could be resolved in a rapid and orderly fashion if the company were to fail or experience material financial distress. In a related rulemaking, the FDIC
adopted a final rule that requires insured depository institutions with $50 billion or more in assets, like KeyBank, to prepare and submit a resolution plan to the FDIC. The initial plans for KeyCorp and KeyBank are due December 31, 2013.
KeyCorp and KeyBank will be required to submit updated plans annually thereafter. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC may jointly impose restrictions on KeyCorp or KeyBank, including additional capital requirements or limitations on growth, if the
agencies determine that the institution’s plan is not credible or would not facilitate a rapid and orderly resolution of KeyCorp under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or KeyBank under the FDIA, and additionally could require Key to divest assets or
take other actions if we did not submit an acceptable resolution within two years after any such restrictions were imposed. 

—

 Key is a significant servicer of commercial mortgages held by others, including securitization vehicles. Key anticipates that the Dodd-Frank Act risk
retention requirements will impact the market for loans of types that historically have been securitized, potentially affecting the volumes of loans securitized, the types of loan products made available, the terms on which loans are offered,
consumer and business demand for loans, and the need for third party loan servicers. The risk retention rules themselves could have the effect of slowing the rebound in the securitization markets and, as a result, may impact the willingness of
banks, including KeyBank, to make loans due to balance sheet management requirements. 

—

 Dodd-Frank imposes a new regulatory regime on the U.S. derivatives markets. While some of the provisions related to derivatives markets went into
effect on July 16, 2011, most of the new requirements await final regulations from the relevant regulatory agencies for derivatives, the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) and the SEC. One aspect of this new regulatory
regime for derivatives is that substantial oversight responsibility has been provided to the CFTC, which, as a result, will for the first time have a meaningful supervisory role with respect to some of Key’s businesses. Although the ultimate
impact will depend on the final regulations, Key expects that its derivatives business will likely be subject to new substantive requirements, including registration with the CFTC, margin requirements in excess of current market practice, capital
requirements specific to this business, real time trade reporting and robust record keeping requirements, business conduct requirements (including daily valuations, disclosure of material risks associated with swaps and disclosure of material
incentives and conflicts of interest), and mandatory clearing and exchange trading of all standardized swaps designated by the relevant regulatory agencies as required to be cleared. These requirements will collectively impose implementation and
ongoing compliance burdens on Key and will introduce additional legal risk (including as a result of newly applicable antifraud and antimanipulation provisions and private rights of action). Depending on the final rules that relate to our swaps
businesses, the nature and extent of those businesses may change. 

—

 Financial institutions may be required, regardless of risk, to pay taxes or other fees to the U.S. Treasury. Such taxes or other fees could be
designed to reimburse the U.S. Treasury for the many government programs and initiatives it has taken or may undertake as part of its economic stimulus efforts. 

It is clear that the reforms, both under the Dodd-Frank Act and otherwise, will have a significant effect on our entire industry. Although it is difficult to predict the magnitude and extent of these
effects at this stage, we believe compliance with the Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations and other initiatives will likely negatively impact revenue and increase the cost of doing business, both in terms of transition expenses and on an
ongoing basis, and may also limit our ability to pursue certain desirable business opportunities. Any new regulatory requirements or changes to existing requirements could require changes to our businesses, result in increased compliance costs and
affect the profitability of such businesses. Additionally, reform could affect the behaviors of third parties that we deal with in the course of our business, such as rating agencies, insurance companies and investors. Heightened regulatory
practices, requirements or expectations resulting from the Dodd- Frank Act and the rules promulgated thereunder could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, and, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

17 

Table of Contents

We are subject to extensive government regulation and supervision. 

We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors’ funds,
the DIF and the banking system as a whole, not shareholders. These regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase our Common Shares, and growth, among other things.

Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies; changes in the interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or
policies; and/or continuing to become subject to heightened regulatory practices, requirements or expectations, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, and could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. Such changes will subject us to
additional costs, may limit the types of financial services and products that we may offer as well as the investments that we may make and the manner in which we operate our businesses. These changes may increase the ability of nonbanks to offer
competing financial services and products and could make them more attractive alternatives to customers. Failure to appropriately comply with laws, regulations or policies (including internal policies and procedures designed to prevent such
violations) could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations, civil money penalties, financial loss and/or reputation damage, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. 

We regularly review and update our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. We also maintain an ERM program. Any system of controls, however
well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or a failure to
establish appropriate controls or to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

III.  
Credit Risks 

Should the fundamentals of the commercial real estate market further deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

The fundamentals within the commercial real estate sector are improving but remain relatively weak, under continuing pressure
by reduced asset values, high vacancies and reduced rents. Commercial real estate values peaked in the fall of 2007, after gaining approximately 30% since 2005 and 90% since 2001. According to Moody’s Real Estate Analytics, LLC Commercial
Property Index (November 2011), commercial real estate values were down 42% from their peak. A portion of our commercial real estate loans are construction loans. These properties are typically not fully leased at the origination of the loan, but
the borrower may be reliant upon additional leasing through the life of the loan to provide cash flow to support debt service payments. If we experienced weaknesses similar to those experienced at the height of the economic downturn, then we would
experience a slowing in the execution of new leases, which may also lead to existing lease turnover. 

The U.S. economy remains highly
vulnerable, and any reversal in broad macro trends would threaten the nascent recovery in commercial real estate. The improvement of certain economic factors, such as unemployment and real estate asset values and rents, has continued to lag behind
the overall economy, or not occur at all. These economic factors typically affect certain industries, such as real estate and financial services, more significantly. To illustrate this point, improvements in commercial real estate fundamentals
typically lag broad economic recovery by 12 to 18 months. Our clients include entities active in these industries. Furthermore, financial services companies with a substantial lending business, like ours, are dependent upon the ability of their
borrowers to make debt service payments on loans. Should unemployment or real estate asset values fail to recover for an extended period of time, it could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. Should fundamentals deteriorate as a result of
further decline in asset values and the instability of rental income, it could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

18 

Table of Contents

A failure to sustain reduced amounts of provision (credit) for loan and lease losses and provision
(credit) for losses on lending-related commitments, which has benefitted results of operation in recent periods, could result in decreases in net income. 

As was typical in the banking industry, the economic downturn that started in 2007 resulted in Key experiencing elevated levels of provision for loan and lease losses and provision for losses on
lending-related commitments (“Provision”). In the quarters from the fourth quarter of 2008 through the second quarter of 2010, Key’s Provision for credit losses ranged from $847 million to $218 million for such quarters. Subsequently,
in part due to improvement in economic conditions, as well as actions taken by us to manage our portfolio, Key’s Provision declined substantially and in some quarters was a negative Provision, reaching an inflection point in the third quarter
of 2010 when a negative Provision of $88 million was recorded. This decline in the Provision has been a major contributor to our ability to maintain and grow our net income during this period. If our Provision were to rise back towards levels
experienced during the height of the economic downturn, it would have an adverse effect on our net income and could result in lower levels of net income than we have reported in recent periods. 

Declining asset prices could adversely affect us. 

During the recent recession from December 2007 to June 2009, the volatility and disruption that the capital and credit markets experienced reached extreme levels. The severe market dislocations in 2008
led to the failure of several substantial financial institutions, causing widespread liquidation of assets and further constraining of the credit markets. These asset sales, along with asset sales by other leveraged investors, including some hedge
funds, rapidly drove down prices and valuations across a wide variety of traded asset classes. Asset price deterioration has a negative effect on the valuation of many of the asset categories represented on our balance sheet, and reduces our ability
to sell assets at prices we deem acceptable. For example, a further recession would likely reverse recent positive trends in asset prices. These factors could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Various factors may cause our allowance for loan and lease losses to increase. 

We maintain an allowance for loan and lease losses, which is a reserve established through a provision for loan and lease losses charged to expense, that represents our estimate of losses within the
existing portfolio of loans. The allowance is necessary to reserve for estimated loan and lease losses and risks incurred in the loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects our ongoing evaluation of industry concentrations, specific credit
risks, loan and lease loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions, and incurred losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for
loan and lease losses inherently involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting
borrowers, the stagnation of certain economic indicators that we are more susceptible to, such as unemployment and real estate values, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both
within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance for loan and lease losses and may require an increase in the provision for
loan and lease losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments that can differ somewhat from those of our own management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan and lease losses (i.e.,
if the loan and lease allowance is inadequate), we will need additional loan and lease loss provisions to increase the allowance for loan and lease losses. Should such additional provisions become necessary, they would result in a decrease in net
income and capital and may have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We are subject to credit risk, in the form of changes in interest rates
and/or changes in the economic conditions in the markets where we operate, which changes could adversely affect us. 

There are inherent
risks associated with our lending and trading activities. These risks include, among other things, the impact of changes in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in the markets where we

19 

Table of Contents

operate. Increases in interest rates and/or further weakening of economic conditions caused by another recession or otherwise could adversely impact the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding
loans or the value of the collateral securing these loans. 

As of December 31, 2011, approximately 70% of our loan portfolio consisted of
commercial, financial and agricultural loans, commercial real estate loans, including commercial mortgage and construction loans, and commercial leases. These types of loans are typically larger than residential real estate loans and consumer loans.
We closely monitor and manage risk concentrations and utilize various portfolio management practices to limit excessive concentrations when it is feasible to do so; however, our loan portfolio still contains a number of commercial loans with
relatively large balances. 

We also do business with environmentally sensitive industries and in connection with the development of Brownfield
sites that provide appropriate business opportunities. We monitor and evaluate our borrowers for compliance with environmental-related covenants, which include covenants requiring compliance with applicable law. We take steps to mitigate risks;
however, should political or other changes make it difficult for certain of our customers to maintain compliance with applicable covenants, our credit quality could be adversely affected. The deterioration of a larger loan or a group of our loans
could cause a significant increase in nonperforming loans, which could result in net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for loan and lease losses and an increase in loan charge-offs, any of which could have a Material
Adverse Effect on Us. 

We also are subject to various laws and regulations that affect our lending activities. Failure to comply with
applicable laws and regulations could subject us to regulatory enforcement action that could result in the assessment against us of civil money or other penalties, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Our profitability depends significantly on economic conditions in the geographic regions in which we operate. 

Our success depends primarily on economic conditions in the markets in which we operate. We have concentrations of loans and other business activities in
geographic areas where our branches are located — the Rocky Mountains and Northwest, the Great Lakes and the Northeast — as well as potential exposure to geographic areas outside of our branch footprint. For example, the
nonowner-occupied properties segment of our commercial real estate portfolio has exposures in markets outside of our footprint. Real estate values and cash flows have been negatively affected on a national basis due to weak economic conditions.
Certain markets, such as Florida, southern California, Phoenix, Arizona, and Las Vegas, Nevada, experienced more significant deterioration during the recession; real estate values in these markets in particular remain depressed. The delinquencies,
nonperforming loans and charge-offs that we have experienced since 2007 have been more heavily weighted to these specific markets. The regional economic conditions in areas in which we conduct our business have an impact on the demand for our
products and services as well as the ability of our customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans and the stability of our deposit funding sources, and, in turn, may have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 

Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. We measure, monitor, and mitigate our
counterparty risks to reduce the risk of these exposures. These measures include daily position measurement and reporting, the use of scenario analysis and stress testing, replacement cost estimation, risk mitigation strategies, and market feedback
validation. Financial services institutions, however, are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with
counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. During 2008, Key incurred $54 million

20 

Table of Contents

of derivative-related charges as a result of market disruption caused by the failure of Lehman Brothers. Another example of losses related to this type of risk are the losses associated with the
Bernie Madoff ponzi scheme (“Madoff ponzi scheme”). As a result of the Madoff ponzi scheme, our investment subsidiary, Austin, determined that its funds had suffered investment losses up to $186 million. 

Many of our routine transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be
exacerbated when the collateral held cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. It is not possible to anticipate all of these risks and it is not feasible to
mitigate these risks completely. There can be no assurance that our ERM program will effectively mitigate these risks. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of
customers and counterparties, including financial statements, credit reports and other financial information. We may also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the
accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports or other financial information could have a negative impact on us. Accordingly, these factors could have a Material Adverse
Effect on Us. 

IV. Liquidity Risks 

Capital requirements imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act, together with new capital and liquidity standards adopted by the Basel Committee, will result in banks and bank holding companies needing to maintain
more and higher quality capital than has historically been the case. 

New and evolving capital standards, both as a result of the
Dodd-Frank Act and the implementation of new capital standards adopted by the Basel Committee, including the so-called “Basel III” accord, will have a significant effect on banks and bank holding companies, including Key. Basel III, among
other things, narrows the definition of regulatory capital and establishes higher minimum risk-based capital ratios that, when fully phased-in, will require banking organizations, including Key, to maintain a minimum Tier 1 common ratio of 4.5%, a
Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%, and a total capital ratio of 8.0%. A capital conservation buffer of 2.5% above each of these levels also is required, which potentially may be supplemented by an additional countercyclical capital buffer. In addition,
Basel III introduces new short-term liquidity and term funding standards, as well as a newly-defined leverage ratio. The capital standards adopted by the Basel Committee and expected to be implemented in the United States increase the capital
requirements for specific types of exposures and require that unconsolidated investments in financial entities, mortgage servicing rights, and certain types of deferred tax assets above certain thresholds be deducted from regulatory capital.

Implementation of the new Basel III capital and liquidity standards as well as any additional heightened capital or liquidity standards that
may be established by the Federal Reserve under the Dodd-Frank Act remain subject to rulemaking in the U.S. and, in many cases, to extended observation and phase-in periods. As part of the implementation of Basel III, the Federal Reserve will
promulgate rules providing for the phase-out of trust preferred securities as Tier 1 risk-based capital for purposes of the regulatory capital guidelines for bank holding companies, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Currently, our trust preferred
securities represent 10.4% of our Tier 1 risk-based capital or $1.05 billion of Tier 1 risk-based capital. By comparison, our non-cumulative preferred equity and our Tier 1 common equity represent 2.9% and 86.7%, respectively, of our Tier 1
risk-based capital, as of December 31, 2011. The anticipated phase-out (as eligible Tier 1 risk-based capital) of our trust preferred securities will eventually result in us having less of a capital buffer above the well-capitalized regulatory
standard of 6% of Tier 1 risk-based capital. The Federal Reserve has indicated that it may make revisions to the Basel III liquidity standards. The full effect of these standards on Key is uncertain at this time. 

The need to maintain more and higher quality capital as well as greater liquidity going forward could limit our business activities, including lending,
and our ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. It could also result in our taking steps to increase our capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit our ability

21 

Table of Contents

to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. In addition, the new liquidity standards could require us to increase our holdings of highly liquid short-term investments, thereby
reducing our ability to invest in longer-term assets even if more desirable from a balance sheet management perspective. Moreover, although these new requirements are being phased in over time, U.S. Federal banking agencies have been taking into
account expectations regarding the ability of banks to meet these new requirements, including under stressed conditions, in approving actions that represent uses of capital, such as dividend increases and share repurchases. 

There can be no assurance that the legislation and other initiatives undertaken by the United States government to restore long-term liquidity and
stability to the U.S. financial system and reform financial regulation in the U.S. will help stabilize the U.S. financial system. 

Since
2008, the federal government has intervened in an unprecedented manner in an effort to provide stability and liquidity to the financial markets. The Federal Reserve is currently maintaining a variety of monetary policy measures to stabilize the
economy; these policy measures have been maintained by the FOMC over the last few years as economic growth, unemployment and inflation have not been at levels mandated for the FOMC to achieve. 

Market liquidity issues have been alleviated somewhat, but U.S. economic indicators continue to present challenges for overall growth at levels mandated
for the FOMC to achieve, and the U.S. economy remains vulnerable. There can be no assurance regarding the actual impact that these government initiatives will have on the financial markets. The failure of the U.S. government programs to
sufficiently contribute to financial market stability and put the U.S. economy on a stable path for an economic recovery could result in a worsening of current financial market conditions, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. For
example, during the liquidity crisis from late 2007 to 2009, regional financial institutions, like Key, faced difficulties issuing debt in the fixed income debt markets; these conditions could return and pose difficulties for the issuance of both
medium-term note and long-term subordinated note issuances. In the event that any of the various forms of turmoil experienced in the financial markets return or become exacerbated, there may be a Material Adverse Effect on Us from (i) continued
or accelerated disruption and volatility in financial markets, (ii) continued capital and liquidity concerns regarding financial institutions generally and our transaction counterparties specifically, (iii) limitations resulting from
further governmental action to stabilize or provide additional regulation of the financial system, or (iv) further recessionary conditions. 

We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for most of our funds. 

We are a legal entity
separate and distinct from our subsidiaries. With the exception of cash raised from debt and equity issuances, we receive substantially all of our cash flow from dividends from our subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to
pay dividends on our equity securities and interest and principal on our debt. Federal banking law and regulations limit the amount of dividends that KeyBank (our largest subsidiary) and certain nonbank subsidiaries may pay to us. During 2008, 2009,
2010 and the first three quarters of 2011, KeyBank did not pay any dividends to us; nonbank subsidiaries paid us $25 million in dividends during 2010 and $45 million in dividends during 2011. During the fourth quarter of 2011, KeyBank paid $300
million in dividends to KeyCorp as it had sufficient capacity to pay dividends under its earnings retention test, which requires KeyBank to only pay dividends from retained earnings generated over the most recent two full years, plus the current
year period. At January 1, 2012, KeyBank has capacity to pay $1.3 billion in dividends to KeyCorp under applicable supervisory guidance tests. For further information on the regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by KeyBank, see
“Supervision and Regulation — Capital” of this report. 

Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a
subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors. In the event KeyBank is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service debt, pay obligations or pay dividends on our
equity securities. The inability to receive dividends from KeyBank could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

22 

Table of Contents

We are subject to changes in the financial markets which could adversely affect us. 

Traditionally, market factors such as changes in foreign exchange rates; changes in interest rates, interest rate levels and credit spreads; changes in
the equity markets; and changes in the financial soundness of bond insurers, sureties and other unrelated financial companies have the potential to affect current market values of financial instruments. During 2008, market events demonstrated this
to an extreme. Between July 2007 and October 2009, conditions in the fixed income markets, specifically the wider credit spreads over benchmark U.S. Treasury securities for many fixed income securities, caused significant volatility in the
market values of loans, securities, and certain other financial instruments that are held in our trading or held-for-sale portfolios. During the second half of 2010, credit spreads and availability of liquidity in the fixed income debt markets
ameliorated with the conclusion of the recession and the beginning of the gradual recovery. As 2011 progressed, the European debt crisis caused credit spreads to widen and the availability of liquidity in the fixed income debt markets to be somewhat
less abundant than during the second half of 2010. Opportunities to minimize the adverse affects of market changes are not always available. Substantial changes in the financial markets could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Our credit ratings affect our liquidity position. 

Our rating agencies regularly evaluate the securities of KeyCorp and KeyBank, and their ratings of our long-term debt and other securities are based on a number of factors, including our financial
strength, ability to generate earnings, and other factors, some of which are not entirely within our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry and the economy. In light of the difficulties in the financial services
industry, the financial markets and the economy, there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings. On December 6, 2011, S&P announced a ratings review of 31 North American regional banks and their subsidiaries under its
new bank ratings criteria announced November 9, 2011. S&P’s updated its ratings outlook on both KeyCorp and KeyBank from “Stable” to “Positive” and maintained the ratings for KeyCorp and KeyBank. S&P’s
ratings for KeyCorp’s short-term borrowings and senior long-term debt are A-2 and BBB+, respectively, and KeyBank’s short-term borrowings, senior long-term debt and subordinated debt are rated A-2, A-, and BBB+, respectively. 

In light of the various changes in the ratings methodologies underway as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, there can be no assurance that we will maintain
our current ratings. If the securities of KeyCorp and/or KeyBank suffer ratings downgrades, such downgrades could adversely affect our access to liquidity and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding
requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us, thereby reducing our ability to generate income. Downgrades of the credit ratings of securities, particularly if they are below investment-grade, could have
a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We are subject to liquidity risk, which could negatively affect our funding levels. 

Market conditions or other events could negatively affect the level or cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities
and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse consequences. Although we have implemented strategies to maintain sufficient and
diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned as well as unanticipated changes in assets and liabilities under both normal and adverse conditions, any substantial, unexpected and/or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could have a
Material Adverse Effect on Us. Certain credit markets that we participate in and rely upon as sources of funding were significantly disrupted and volatile from the third quarter of 2007 through the third quarter of 2009. Credit markets have improved
since then, and we have significantly reduced our reliance on wholesale funding sources. Part of our strategy to reduce liquidity risk involves promoting customer deposit growth, exiting certain noncore lending businesses, diversifying our funding
base, maintaining a liquid asset portfolio, and strengthening our capital base to reduce our need for debt as a source of liquidity. Many of these disrupted markets have shown signs of 

23 

Table of Contents

recovery throughout 2011. Nonetheless, if further market disruption or other factors reduce the cost effectiveness and/or the availability of supply in the credit markets for a prolonged period
of time, should our funding needs necessitate it, we may need to expand our use of other potential means of accessing funding and managing liquidity such as generating client deposits, securitizing or selling loans, extending the maturity of
wholesale borrowings, purchasing deposits from other banks, borrowing under certain secured wholesale facilities, and utilizing relationships developed with fixed income investors in a variety of markets, as well as increased management of loan
growth and investment opportunities and other management tools. There can be no assurance that these alternative means of funding will be available; under certain stressed conditions experienced in the liquidity crisis during 2007-2009, some of
these alternative means of funding were not available. Should these forms of funding become unavailable, it is unclear what impact, given current economic conditions, unavailability of such funding would have on us. A deep and prolonged disruption
in the markets could have the effect of significantly restricting the accessibility of cost effective capital and funding, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

V. Operational Risks 

We are subject to operational risk. 

We are subject to operational risk, which represents the risk of loss resulting from human error, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems,
and external events. These events include, among other things, threats to our cybersecurity, as we are reliant upon information systems and the internet to conduct certain of our business activities. We are also exposed to operational risk through
our outsourcing arrangements, and the effect that changes in circumstances or capabilities of our outsourcing vendors can have on our ability to continue to perform operational functions necessary to our business, such as certain loan processing
functions. Additionally, some of our outsourcing arrangements are located overseas and, therefore, are subject to political risks unique to the regions in which they operate. Although we seek to mitigate operational risk through a system of internal
controls, resulting losses from operational risk could take the form of explicit charges, increased operational costs, harm to our reputation or foregone opportunities, any and all of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Our information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. 

We rely heavily on communications and information systems (both internal and provided by third parties) to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could
result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption or
security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if any does occur, that it will be adequately addressed. We also maintain commercially reasonable
measures to ensure cybersecurity of our information systems. Other financial service institutions and companies have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks
intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks and other means. 

Given the rapidly expanding and changing cybersecurity threat landscape that exists today, it is not commercially reasonable to expect that some sort of
cybersecurity incident will never occur to Key or the systems of any third-party providers Key relies upon, including overseas providers. This is particularly true because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched
and attacks can originate from a wide array of sources, including third parties outside the company, such as persons involved in organized crimes or associated with external service providers. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce
employees or customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our offerings of mobile payments
and other internet or web-based products. 

24 

Table of Contents

A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of our own systems or third-party providers’
systems could cause serious negative consequences for Key, including significant disruption of our operations, misappropriation of confidential information of the company or that of our customers, or damage to our computers or operating systems or
those of our customers and counterparties. We have adjusted our cybersecurity program to anticipate that a breach is more likely and have put a greater focus on detection and incident response. Should these measures be insufficient, fail or be
breached our operations could be adversely affected, possibly materially. The occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, including a cybersecurity breach of our systems implemented to protect our
information systems security, could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible
financial liability, any of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Maintaining or increasing our market share may depend upon
our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences, while maintaining competitive prices for our products and services. 

The continuous, widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services and smart phones, requires us to evaluate our product and service offerings to ensure they remain competitive. Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt our products and services as well as our distribution of them to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. Consumers can now maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that
would have historically been held as bank deposits. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks using smart phones utilizing PayPal or a financial account
associated with a smart phone. There is increasing pressure from our competitors, both bank and non-bank, to keep pace with evolving preferences of consumers and businesses. Payment methods and financial service providers have evolved as the
advancement of technology has made possible the delivery of financial products and services through different mediums and providers, such as smart phones and PayPal accounts, thereby increasing competitive pressure in the delivery of financial
products and services. The adoption of new technologies could require us to make substantial expenditures to modify our existing products and services. Furthermore, we might not be successful in developing or introducing new products and services,
adapting to changing consumer preferences and spending and saving habits, achieving market acceptance or regulatory approval, or sufficiently developing or maintaining a loyal customer base. The introduction of new products and services has the
potential to introduce risk which, in turn, can present challenges to us in operating within our risk tolerances while also achieving growth in our market share. In addition, there is increasing pressure from our competitors to deliver products and
services at lower prices. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as “disintermediation,” could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those
deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost deposits as a source of funds could have an adverse impact on us. These factors could reduce our revenues from our net interest margin and fee-based products and services and have a
Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry and market areas. 

We face substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of different competitors, many of which are larger and may have more
financial resources. Such competitors primarily include national and super-regional banks as well as smaller community banks within the various markets in which we operate. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions,
including, without limitation, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, investment management firms, investment banking firms, broker-dealers and other local, regional and
national financial services firms. In recent years, while the breadth of the institutions that we compete with has increased, competition has intensified as a result of consolidation efforts. Since 2009, competition has intensified as the challenges
of the liquidity crisis and market disruption led to further redistribution of deposits and certain banking assets to strong and large financial institutions. We expect this trend to continue. The competitive

25 

Table of Contents

landscape was also affected by the conversion of traditional investment banks to bank holding companies during the liquidity crisis due to the access it provides to government-sponsored sources
of liquidity. The financial services industry’s competitive landscape could become even more intensified as a result of legislative, regulatory, structural and technological changes and continued consolidation. Also, technology has lowered
barriers to entry and made it possible for nonbanks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. 

Our ability to compete
successfully depends on a number of factors, including: 

•

 our ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; 

•

 our ability to develop, maintain and build upon long-term customer relationships based on quality service, high ethical standards and safe, sound
assets; 

•

 our ability to expand our market position; 

•

 the rate at which we introduce new products and services as well as new technologies relative to our competitors; 

•

 the scope, relevance and pricing of products and services offered to meet customer needs and demands; 

•

 our ability to attract and retain talented executives and relationship managers; and 

•

 industry and general economic trends. 

Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse
Effect on Us. 

Our earnings and/or financial condition may be affected by changes in accounting principles and in tax laws, or the
interpretation of them. 

Changes in or reinterpretations of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles could have a Material
Adverse Effect on Us. Although these changes may not have an economic impact on our business, they could impact our financial statements thus affecting our performance ratios. 

Like all businesses, we are subject to tax laws, rules and regulations. Changes to tax laws, rules and regulations, including changes in the interpretation or implementation of tax laws, rules and
regulations by the Internal Revenue Service or other governmental bodies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Failure to appropriately comply with tax laws, rules and regulations could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies,
civil money penalties and/or reputation damage, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Additionally, we conduct quarterly
assessments of our deferred tax assets. The carrying value of these assets is dependent upon earnings forecasts and prior period earnings. A significant change in our assumptions could affect the carrying value of our deferred tax assets on our
balance sheet, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Potential acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute
shareholder value. 

Acquiring other banks, businesses, or branches involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions,
including: 

•

 potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target company; 

•

 exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company; 

•

 difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the target company; 

•

 potential disruption to our business; 

•

 potential diversion of our management’s time and attention; 

•

 the possible loss of key employees and customers of the target company; 

•

 difficulty in estimating the value (i.e., the assets and liabilities) of the target company; 

•

 difficulty in estimating the fair value of acquired assets, liabilities and derivatives of the target company; and 

•

 potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company. 

26 

Table of Contents

We regularly evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities and conduct due diligence activities related to
possible transactions with other financial institutions and financial services companies. As a result, merger or acquisition discussions and, in some cases, negotiations may take place and future mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt or
equity securities may occur at any time. Acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and, therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per Common Share may occur in connection with any
future transaction. Furthermore, failure to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits from an acquisition could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us.

We are subject to claims and litigation. 

From time to time, customers, vendors or other parties may make claims and take legal actions against us. We maintain reserves for certain claims when deemed appropriate based upon our assessment that a
loss is probable, consistent with applicable accounting guidance. At any given time we have a variety of legal actions asserted against us in various stages of litigation. Resolution of a legal action can often take years. Whether any particular
claims and legal actions are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in our favor, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect how the market perceives us and our products and services
as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. We are also involved, from time to time, in other reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our
business, including, among other things, accounting and operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. The number of these investigations and proceedings has
increased in recent years with regard to many firms in the financial services industry. The legal changes to the consumer protection laws provided for by the Dodd-Frank Act, the creation of the CFPB, and the uncertainty as to whether federal
preemption of certain state consumer laws remains intact for federally chartered financial institutions like KeyBank and KeyCorp present additional legal risk to the financial services industry, including Key. Furthermore, we, like other members of
the banking industry, may face additional regulatory and legal actions from state attorneys general, the CFPB and other parties related to consumer rights. There have also been a number of highly publicized cases involving fraud or misconduct by
employees in the financial services industry in recent years, and we run the risk that employee misconduct could occur. It is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this
activity may not be effective in all cases. Any financial liability for which we have not adequately maintained reserves, and/or any reputation damage from such claims and legal actions, could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. 

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people in most activities in which we are engaged can be intense, and we may not be able to
retain or hire the people we want and/or need. To attract and retain qualified employees, we must compensate such employees at market levels. Typically, those levels have caused employee compensation to be our greatest expense. If we are unable to
continue to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain our competitive position, our performance, including our competitive position, could suffer, and, in turn, have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. Although we
have incentive compensation plans aimed, in part, at long-term employee retention, the unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could still occur, and such events may have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Various restrictions on compensation of certain executive offers were imposed under the Recovery Act, the Dodd-Frank Act and other legislation or
regulations. Our ability to attract and/or retain talented executives and/or relationship managers may be affected by these developments or any new executive compensation limits, and such restrictions could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us.

27 

Table of Contents

Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly
impact our business. 

Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a
significant impact on our ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property
damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause us to incur additional expenses. Although we have established disaster recovery plans and procedures, and monitor for significant environmental effects on our properties or our investments, the
occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on us. 

VI. Risks to Our Common Shares. 

You may not receive dividends on the Common Shares. 

Holders of our Common Shares are only entitled to receive such dividends as the Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Furthermore, our common shareholders are
subject to the prior dividend rights of any holders of our preferred stock or depositary shares representing such preferred stock then outstanding. As of February 17, 2012, there were 2,904,839 shares of KeyCorp’s Series A
Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of $100 per share issued and outstanding.

We paid a quarterly dividend on our Common Shares for
each quarter of 2011. As long as our Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, dividend payments and repurchases or redemptions relating to certain equity securities, including our Common Shares, are prohibited until all accrued and unpaid
dividends are paid on such preferred stock, subject to certain limited exceptions. These factors could adversely affect the market price of our Common Shares. Also, KeyCorp is a bank holding company and its ability to declare and pay dividends is
dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve regarding capital adequacy and dividends. 

In addition, terms of KeyBank’s outstanding junior subordinated debt securities prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on KeyCorp’s capital stock, including its
Common Shares, or purchasing, acquiring, or making a liquidation payment on such stock, if an event of default has occurred and is continuing under the applicable indenture, if we are in default with respect to a guarantee payment under the
guarantee of the related capital securities or if we have given notice of our election to defer interest payments but the related deferral period has not yet commenced or a deferral period is continuing. These factors could have a Material Adverse
Effect on Us. 

Our share price can be volatile. 

Share price volatility may make it more difficult for you to resell your Common Shares when you want and at prices you find attractive. Our share price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety
of factors including: 

•

 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations; 

•

 recommendation by securities analysts; 

•

 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to our business; 

•

 changes in the credit, mortgage and real estate markets, including the market for mortgage-related securities; 

•

 news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry; 

•

 perceptions of us and/or our competitors in the marketplace; 

•

 new technology used, or products or services offered, by competitors; 

•

 significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments entered into by us or our competitors;

28 

Table of Contents

•

 failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from acquisitions; 

•

 future sales of our equity or equity-related securities; 

•

 our past and future dividend practices; 

•

 changes in governmental regulations affecting our industry generally or our business and operations; 

•

 changes in global financial markets, economies and market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, stock, commodity, credit or asset
valuations or volatility; 

•

 geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism or military conflicts; and 

•

 the occurrence or nonoccurrence, as appropriate, of any circumstance described in these Risk Factors. 

Any of these factors could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

An investment in our Common Shares is not an insured deposit. 

Our Common Shares are not a
bank deposit and, therefore, are not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our Common Shares is inherently risky for the reasons described in this “Risk
Factors” section and elsewhere in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common shares in any company. As a result, if you acquire our Common Shares, you may lose some or all of your investment.

Our articles of incorporation and regulations, as well as certain banking laws, may have an anti-takeover effect. 

Provisions of our articles of incorporation and regulations and federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more
difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. The combination of these provisions may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could
adversely affect the market price of our Common Shares.