An investment
in our Common Shares or other securities is subject to risks inherent to our business and our industry. Described below are certain risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of which could have a material and adverse effect on us. Before making an
investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the
only ones we face. Although we have significant risk management policies, procedures and practices aimed at mitigating these risks, uncertainties may nevertheless impair our business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk
factors. 

IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS ACTUALLY OCCUR, OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, AND/OR ACCESS TO
LIQUIDITY AND/OR CREDIT COULD BE MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECTED (“MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON US”). IF THIS WERE TO HAPPEN, THE VALUE OF OUR SECURITIES — COMMON SHARES, SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK, TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES
AND DEBT SECURITIES — COULD DECLINE, PERHAPS SIGNIFICANTLY, AND YOU COULD LOSE ALL OR PART OF YOUR INVESTMENT. 

Our ERM program
identifies Key’s major risk categories, including: market, compliance, credit, liquidity, and operational, together with reputation and strategic risks. The following risk factors are grouped into categories consistent with the five preceding
main categories of risk focused on in our ERM program, with an additional category for risks related to investment in our Common Shares. 

I.   Market Risks 

The
global financial markets continue to be strained as a result of economic slowdowns and concerns, especially about the creditworthiness of the European Union and its member states and financial institutions in the European Union. These factors could
have international implications, which could hinder the U.S. economic recovery and affect the stability of global financial markets. 

Certain European Union member states have fiscal obligations greater than their fiscal revenue, which has caused investor concern over such
countries’ ability to continue to service their debt and foster economic growth in their economies. During 2012, the European debt crisis caused spreads to widen in the fixed income debt markets and liquidity to be less abundant. While the
situation has started to stabilize, the European debt crisis and measures adopted to address it have significantly weakened European economies. A weaker European economy may cause investors to lose confidence in the safety and soundness of European
financial institutions and the stability of European member economies. 

19 

A failure to adequately address sovereign debt concerns in Europe could hamper economic recovery or
contribute to recessionary economic conditions and severe stress in the financial markets, including in the United States. Potential events which could have such an impact on the financial markets include (i) sovereign debt default (default by
one or more European governments in their borrowings), (ii) European bank and/or corporate debt default, (iii) market and other liquidity disruptions, and, (iv) if stresses become especially severe, and the collapse of the European
Union as a coherent economic group and/or the collapse of its currency, the Euro. Although a financial institution in the United States may have little to no exposure to European sovereign debt or Euro-denominated assets, the European and American
financial markets are substantially linked, especially through the Federal Reserve, which at times has offered stimulus funding to European governments, and through larger U.S. financial institutions, which invest in European assets and
institutions. Due to the interconnectedness of European and American financial markets, a liquidity freeze-up in Europe could detrimentally impact Key by causing, among other things, an increase in our cost of borrowed funds, an inability to borrow
funds through conventional markets, negative impacts upon our counterparties and customers, especially those with European business relationships or European assets, and negative impacts upon the U.S. economy. Should the global financial markets and
the U.S. economic recovery be adversely impacted by these factors, the likelihood for loan and asset growth at U.S. financial institutions, like Key, may deteriorate. Any combination of these factors may have a Material Adverse Effect on Us.

The U.S. economy remains vulnerable as the economic recovery continues to progress slowly. 

The U.S. economy showed signs of moderate growth during the second half of 2012, despite slow growth during the first half of the year, according to the
FOMC. Despite signs of growth, the recovery of the U.S. economy continues to progress slowly. Certain downside risks to the U.S. economy remain present. Strains in the global financial markets pose significant risk to the U.S. economy. High
unemployment and underemployment, the slow pace of job creation, and slowing growth in business fixed investment are additional factors of concern. Fiscal austerity, in the form of higher taxes and spending cuts, would further hamper growth over the
near-term, and policy uncertainty (another constraint on growth) may linger for some time. The U.S. economy could also be affected by the slowdown in economic activity abroad, especially in Europe, and the significant fiscal challenges that remain
for local governments in the U.S. 

The continuation or worsening of these factors could weaken the U.S. economic recovery underway. The
downgrade of U.S. Treasury securities by S&P and political difficulties in addressing the economy within the U.S. government have contributed to high levels of volatility in the financial markets. Should economic indicators deteriorate, the
U.S. could face another recession, which could affect us in a variety of substantial and unpredictable ways, as well as affect our borrowers’ ability to meet their repayment obligations. We have taken steps since the 2008-2009 financial
crisis to strengthen our liquidity position. Nevertheless, a return of the volatile economic conditions recently experienced, including the adverse conditions in the fixed income debt markets, for an extended period of time, particularly if left
unmitigated by policy measures, may have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely
affect our earnings on loans and other interest-earning assets. 

Our earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon our net interest
income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are
highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, consumer preferences for specific loan and deposit products and policies of various governmental and
regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the amount of interest we receive on loans and securities and the amount of interest we pay on
deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits as well as the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. If the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings increases at a
faster rate than the interest we receive on 

20 

loans and other investments, net interest income, and therefore our earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest we receive on loans and other
investments falls more quickly than the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings. 

Our methods for simulating and analyzing our
interest rate exposure are discussed more fully under the heading “Risk Management — Interest rate risk management” found in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
Although we believe that we have implemented effective asset and liability management strategies, including simulation analysis and the use of interest rate derivatives as hedging instruments, to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest
rates on our results of operations, any substantial, unexpected and/or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Our profitability depends significantly on economic conditions in the geographic regions in which we operate. 

Our success depends primarily on economic conditions in the markets in which we operate. We have concentrations of loans and other business activities in geographic areas where our branches are located
— the Rocky Mountains and Northwest, the Great Lakes and the Northeast — as well as potential exposure to geographic areas outside of our branch footprint. For example, the nonowner-occupied properties segment of our commercial real estate
portfolio has exposures in markets outside of our footprint. The delinquencies, nonperforming loans and charge-offs that we have experienced since 2007 have been more heavily weighted to these specific markets. Real estate values and cash flows have
been negatively affected on a national basis due to weak economic conditions. Certain markets, such as Florida, southern California, Phoenix, Arizona, and Las Vegas, Nevada, experienced more significant deterioration during the recession; while
values have stabilized over the past year, they remain well below peak levels across markets. The regional economic conditions in areas in which we conduct our business have an impact on the demand for our products and services as well as the
ability of our customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans and the stability of our deposit funding sources, and, in turn, may have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

II.  Compliance Risks 

We are subject to extensive government regulation and
supervision. 

We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision, which has increased in recent years due to the
implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and other financial reform initiatives. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors’ funds, the DIF and the banking system as a whole, not our debtholders or shareholders. These
regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase our Common Shares, and growth, among other things. 

Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies or their interpretation or implementation, and/or continuing to become subject to heightened regulatory practices, requirements or expectations,
could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes may subject us to additional compliance costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, affect the investments we make and the manner in which we operate our
businesses, increase our litigation and regulatory costs should we fail to appropriately comply with such laws, regulations or policies, and increase the ability of nonbanks to offer competing financial services and products. Any of these factors
could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. See “Supervision and Regulation” in Item 1 of this Report for further information. 

Additionally, federal banking law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. This enforcement authority includes, among other
things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease and desist or removal orders and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated for
violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. If we were the subject of an enforcement action, it could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

21 

The regulatory environment for the financial services industry is being significantly impacted by the
financial regulatory reform initiatives in the United States, including the Dodd-Frank Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

The United States and other governments have undertaken major reforms of the regulatory oversight structure of the financial services industry. We have
faced increased regulation of our industry, and will continue to face such regulation into 2013, as a result of current and future initiatives intended to provide economic stimulus, financial market stability, and enhancement of the liquidity and
solvency of financial institutions. We have also faced increased regulation as a result of new efforts designed to protect consumers and investors from financial abuse. 

We also expect more intense scrutiny from our bank supervisors in the examination process and more aggressive enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels particularly due to both
KeyBank’s and KeyCorp’s status as covered institutions for the enhanced prudential standards promulgated under the Dodd-Frank Act. Although many parts of the Dodd-Frank Act are now in effect, other parts are still in the implementation
stage, which is likely to continue for several years. Accordingly, some uncertainty remains as to the aggregate impact upon Key of the Dodd-Frank Act as fully implemented. Compliance with these new regulations and supervisory initiatives will likely
increase our costs and reduce our revenue and may limit our ability to pursue certain desirable business opportunities and to take certain types of corporate actions. For more detailed information on the regulatory environment and the laws, rules
and regulations that may affect us, see “Supervision and Regulation” in Item 1 of this report. 

III.  Credit Risks

Should the fundamentals of the commercial real estate market further deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

The fundamentals within the commercial real estate sector are improving but remain relatively weak, under
continuing pressure by reduced asset values, high vacancies and reduced rents. Commercial real estate values peaked in the fall of 2007. According to Moody’s Real Estate Analytics, LLC Commercial Property Index, commercial real estate values
were down approximately 22% from their peak as of November 2012. A portion of our commercial real estate loans are construction loans. These properties are typically not fully leased at the origination of the loan, but the borrower may be reliant
upon additional leasing through the life of the loan to provide cash flow to support debt service payments. If we experienced weaknesses similar to those experienced at the height of the economic downturn, then we would experience a slowing in the
execution of new leases, which may also lead to existing lease turnover. 

The U.S. economy remains highly vulnerable, and any reversal in
broad macro trends would threaten the nascent recovery in commercial real estate. The improvement of certain economic factors, such as unemployment and real estate asset values and rents, has continued to lag behind the overall economy, or not occur
at all. These economic factors typically affect certain industries, such as real estate and financial services, more significantly. To illustrate this point, improvements in commercial real estate fundamentals typically lag broad economic recovery
by 12 to 18 months. Our clients include entities active in these industries. Furthermore, financial services companies with a substantial lending business, like ours, are dependent upon the ability of their borrowers to make debt service payments on
loans. Should unemployment or real estate asset values fail to recover for an extended period of time, or fundamentals deteriorate as a result of further decline in asset values and the instability of rental income, it could have a Material Adverse
Effect on Us. 

Declining asset prices could adversely affect us. 

During the recession from December 2007 to June 2009, the volatility and disruption that the capital and credit markets experienced reached extreme levels. The severe market dislocations in 2008 led to
the failure of several substantial financial institutions, causing widespread liquidation of assets and further constraining of the credit 

22 

markets. These asset sales, along with asset sales by other leveraged investors, including some hedge funds, rapidly drove down prices and valuations across a wide variety of traded asset
classes. Asset price deterioration has a negative effect on the valuation of many of the asset categories represented on our balance sheet, and reduces our ability to sell assets at prices we deem acceptable. For example, a further recession would
likely reverse recent positive trends in asset prices. These factors could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Various factors may cause
our allowance for loan and lease losses to increase. 

We maintain an allowance for loan and lease losses, which is a reserve established
through a provision for loan and lease losses charged to expense, that represents our estimate of losses within the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance is necessary to reserve for estimated loan and lease losses and risks incurred in the loan
portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects our ongoing evaluation of industry concentrations, specific credit risks, loan and lease loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions, and
incurred losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for loan and lease losses inherently involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make significant estimates of current
credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the stagnation of certain economic indicators that we are more susceptible to, such as unemployment and real estate
values, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses. In addition, bank regulatory
agencies periodically review our allowance for loan and lease losses and may require an increase in the provision for loan and lease losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments that can differ somewhat from those of our
own management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan and lease losses (i.e., if the loan and lease allowance is inadequate), we will need additional loan and lease loss provisions to increase the allowance for
loan and lease losses. Should such additional provisions become necessary, they would result in a decrease in net income and capital and may have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We are subject to credit risk, in the form of changes in interest rates, changes in the economic conditions in the markets where we operate, and/or changes in the financial condition of our
counterparties, which changes could adversely affect us. 

There are inherent risks associated with our lending and trading activities.
These risks include, among other things, the impact of changes in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in the markets where we operate. Increases in interest rates and/or further weakening of economic conditions caused by another
recession or otherwise could adversely impact the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans or the value of the collateral securing these loans. 

As of December 31, 2012, approximately 70% of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial, financial and agricultural loans, commercial real estate loans, including commercial mortgage and
construction loans, and commercial leases. These types of loans are typically larger than residential real estate loans and consumer loans. 

We also do business with environmentally sensitive industries and in connection with the development of Brownfield sites that provide appropriate
business opportunities. We monitor and evaluate our borrowers for compliance with environmental-related covenants, which include covenants requiring compliance with applicable law. Should political or other changes make it difficult for certain of
our customers to maintain compliance with applicable covenants, our credit quality could be adversely affected. The deterioration of a larger loan or a group of our loans could cause a significant increase in nonperforming loans, which could result
in net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the Provision for loan and lease losses and an increase in loan charge-offs, any of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

In addition, many of our routine transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held
cannot be realized upon or is 

23 

liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. Additionally, in deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we
may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements, credit reports and other financial information. We may also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties or other third
parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports or other financial information could have a Material Adverse Effect on
Us.

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 

Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. We have exposure to many different industries and
counterparties in the financial services industries, and we routinely execute transactions with such counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients.
Financial services institutions, however, are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. Defaults by one or more financial services institutions have led to, and may cause, market-wide liquidity problems and
losses. Many of our transactions with other financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be impacted when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is
liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivatives exposure due us. Any such losses could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

IV.  Capital and Liquidity Risks 

Capital requirements imposed by the
Dodd-Frank Act, together with new capital and liquidity standards adopted by the Basel Committee, will result in banks and BHCs needing to maintain more and higher quality capital than has historically been the case. 

New and evolving capital standards, both as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and the implementation of new capital standards adopted by the Basel
Committee, including “Basel III”, will have a significant impact on banks and BHCs, including Key. For a detailed explanation of Basel III and possible revisions to current capital rules, see the sections titled “Supervision and
Regulation” and “Capital.” 

The full effect of the Federal Reserve’s possible revisions to the Basel III liquidity
standards on Key is uncertain at this time. The need to maintain more and higher quality capital as well as greater liquidity going forward could limit our business activities, including lending, and our ability to expand, either organically or
through acquisitions. It could also result in our taking steps to increase our capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. In addition, the new liquidity standards
could require us to increase our holdings of highly liquid short-term investments, thereby reducing our ability to invest in longer-term assets even if more desirable from a balance sheet management perspective. 

In addition, the Federal Reserve requires bank holding companies to obtain approval before making a “capital distribution,” such as paying or
increasing dividends, implementing common stock repurchase programs, or redeeming or repurchasing capital instruments. The Federal Reserve has set forth the processes that bank holding companies should have in place to ensure they hold adequate
capital under adverse conditions to maintain ready access to funding before engaging in any of these activities. These rules could limit Key’s ability to make distributions, including paying out dividends or buying back shares. See
“Supervision and Regulation —” in Item 1 of this Report 

There can be no assurance that the legislation and other
initiatives undertaken by the United States government will continue to support increased stability in the U.S. financial system. 

Since
2008, the federal government has intervened in an unprecedented manner in an effort to provide stability and liquidity to the financial markets. The Federal Reserve is currently maintaining a variety of monetary policy measures to stabilize the
economy; these policy measures have been maintained by the FOMC over the last few years as economic growth, unemployment and inflation have not been at levels mandated for the FOMC to achieve. 

24 

Market liquidity issues have been alleviated somewhat, but U.S. growth still lags levels mandated for the
FOMC to achieve, and the U.S. economy remains vulnerable. In addition, while the situation in Europe has stabilized somewhat, the region’s recession and ongoing fiscal challenges remain important risks to the U.S. economy. There can be no
assurance regarding the actual impact that these government initiatives will have on the financial markets. The failure of the U.S. government programs to sufficiently contribute to financial market stability and put the U.S. economy on a stable
path for an economic recovery could result in a worsening of current financial market conditions, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. In the event that any of the various forms of turmoil experienced in the financial markets return or
become exacerbated, there may be a Material Adverse Effect on Us from (i) continued or accelerated disruption and volatility in financial markets, (ii) continued capital and liquidity concerns regarding financial institutions generally and
our transaction counterparties specifically, (iii) limitations resulting from further governmental action to stabilize or provide additional regulation of the financial system, or (iv) further recessionary conditions. 

We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for most of our funds. 

We are a legal entity separate and distinct from our subsidiaries. With the exception of cash raised from debt and equity issuances, we receive substantially all of our cash flow from dividends from our
subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on our equity securities and interest and principal on our debt. Federal banking law and regulations limit the amount of dividends that KeyBank (KeyCorp’s largest
subsidiary) can pay. For further information on the regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by KeyBank, see “Supervision and Regulation” in Item 1 of this report. 

In the event KeyBank is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service debt, pay obligations or pay dividends on our equity securities. Our
right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors. The inability to receive dividends from KeyBank could have a Material Adverse
Effect on Us. 

Our credit ratings affect our liquidity position. 

Our rating agencies regularly evaluate the securities of KeyCorp and KeyBank, and their ratings of our long-term debt and other securities are based on a number of factors, including our financial
strength, ability to generate earnings, and other factors, some of which are not entirely within our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry and the economy. In light of the difficulties in the financial services
industry, the financial markets and the economy, there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings. 

On October 18,
2012, S&P maintained its “Positive” outlook rating for each of KeyCorp and KeyBank. S&P’s ratings for KeyCorp’s short-term borrowings and senior long-term debt are A-2 and BBB+, respectively, and KeyBank’s short-term
borrowings, senior long-term debt and subordinated debt are rated A-2, A-, and BBB+, respectively. 

In light of the various changes in the
ratings methodologies underway as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings. If the securities of KeyCorp and/or KeyBank suffer ratings downgrades, such downgrades could adversely affect our
access to liquidity and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us, thereby reducing our ability to generate
income. Downgrades of the credit ratings of securities, particularly if they are below investment-grade, could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We are subject to liquidity risk, which could negatively affect our funding levels. 

Market conditions or other events could negatively affect the level or cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities
and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse consequences. 

25 

Although we have implemented strategies to maintain sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned as well as unanticipated changes in assets and liabilities under both normal
and adverse conditions, any substantial, unexpected and/or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. Certain credit markets that we participate in and rely upon as sources of funding were
significantly disrupted and volatile from the third quarter of 2007 through the third quarter of 2009. Credit markets have improved since then, and we have significantly reduced our reliance on wholesale funding sources. Part of our strategy to
reduce liquidity risk involves promoting customer deposit growth, exiting certain noncore lending businesses, diversifying our funding base, maintaining a liquid asset portfolio, and strengthening our capital base to reduce our need for debt as a
source of liquidity. Many of these disrupted markets have shown signs of recovery throughout 2012. Nonetheless, if further market disruption or other factors reduce the cost effectiveness and/or the availability of supply in the credit markets for a
prolonged period of time, should our funding needs necessitate it, we may need to expand our use of other potential means of accessing funding and managing liquidity such as generating client deposits, securitizing or selling loans, extending the
maturity of wholesale borrowings, purchasing deposits from other banks, borrowing under certain secured wholesale facilities, and utilizing relationships developed with fixed income investors in a variety of markets, as well as increased management
of loan growth and investment opportunities and other management tools. There can be no assurance that these alternative means of funding will be available; under certain stressed conditions experienced in the liquidity crisis during 2007-2009, some
of these alternative means of funding were not available. Should these forms of funding become unavailable, it could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

V.  Operational Risks 

We may not realize the expected benefits of our
strategic initiatives. 

Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including among others, our ability to develop
and execute strategic plans and initiatives. Our strategic priorities include growing revenue and reducing expenses through targeted investments, technology enhancements and streamlining our operations. As part of our efficiency initiative, we have
committed to achieving an annual expense run rate reduction of $150 to $200 million by December 2013 and a cash efficiency ratio in the target range of 60% to 65% by the first quarter of 2014. There may be unanticipated difficulties in implementing
our efficiency initiative, and there can be no assurance that we will ultimately realize the full benefits of, or be able to sustain the annual cost savings anticipated by, our efficiency initiative. Our inability to achieve the anticipated outcomes
of our stated strategies may affect how the market perceives us and could impede our growth and profitability. Our strategic priorities also include developing, maintaining and building long-term customer relationships based on quality service and
competitive prices. Our failure to execute our strategic initiatives relating to any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position and have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We are subject to operational risk. 

We
are subject to operational risk, which represents the risk of loss resulting from human error, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, and external events. Operational risk includes the risk of fraud by employees, clerical and
record-keeping errors, nonperformance by vendors, threats to cybersecurity, and computer/telecommunications malfunctions. Operational risk also encompasses compliance and legal risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance
with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices or ethical standards, as well as the risk of our noncompliance with contractual and other obligations. We are also exposed to operational risk through our outsourcing arrangements, and the effect
that changes in circumstances or capabilities of our outsourcing vendors can have on our ability to continue to perform operational functions necessary to our business, such as certain loan processing functions. For example, break-downs or failures
of our vendors’ systems or employees could be a source of operational risk to us. Additionally, some of our outsourcing arrangements are located overseas and, therefore, are subject to political risks unique to the regions in which they
operate. 

26 

Resulting losses from operational risk could take the form of explicit charges, increased operational costs,
harm to our reputation, inability to secure insurance, litigation, regulatory intervention or sanctions or foregone business opportunities, any and all of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. 

We regularly review and update our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. We also maintain an ERM program. Any system of controls, however
well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or a failure to
establish appropriate controls or to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Our methods of reducing risk exposure might not be effective. 

Instruments, systems and strategies used to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to various types of market compliance, credit, liquidity, operational and business risks and enterprise-wide risk could be
less effective than anticipated. As a result, we may not be able to effectively mitigate our risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Our information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. 

We rely heavily on communications, information systems (both internal and provided by third parties) and the internet to conduct our business. Our business is dependent on our ability to process and
monitor large numbers of daily transactions in compliance with legal, regulatory and internal standards and specifications. In addition, a significant portion of our operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of
personal and confidential information, such as the personal information of our customers and clients. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase mobile payments and other internet-based product offerings and expand our
internal usage of web-based products and applications. 

While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of a
possible failure, interruption or breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that such action will not occur or, if any does occur, that it will be adequately addressed. For example, although we maintain commercially reasonable
measures to ensure the cybersecurity of our information systems, other financial service institutions and companies have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems. In addition, several U.S. financial institutions,
including Key, have recently experienced significant distributed denial-of-service attacks, some of which involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems. Other potential attacks have attempted
to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information or destroy data, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyberattacks and other means. To date, none of these efforts has had a material effect on our business or
operations. Such security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including persons who are involved with organized crime or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Those same parties may also
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients. Although we have adjusted our cybersecurity program to
anticipate that a breach is more likely and have placed a greater focus on detection and incident response, our security systems may not be able to protect our information systems from similar attacks due to the rapid evolution and creation of
sophisticated cyberattacks. We are also subject to the risk that our employees may intercept and transmit unauthorized confidential or proprietary information. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary
information being sent to or received from a customer or third party could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action and reputational harm. 

27 

We are also increasingly reliant on third party service providers to perform significant operational
services on our behalf. These third party providers are subject to the same risks relating to cybersecurity, break-downs or failures of their own systems or employees. While we make every effort to mitigate these risks through specific contractual
obligations relating to security and strong oversight of these service providers, there can be no assurance that one or more of our third party service providers will not experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such
event does occur, that it will be adequately addressed. 

Any failure, interruption or breach in security of our information systems or those
of our third party service providers could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our offerings of
mobile payments and other internet or web-based products. Notwithstanding our efforts to maintain business continuity, a disruptive event impacting the infrastructure that supports our business, such as a failure, interruption or security breach of
our information systems, could adversely affect our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose us to civil litigation and
possible financial liability, any of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We are subject to claims and litigation.

From time to time, customers, vendors or other parties may make claims and take legal actions against us. We maintain reserves for
certain claims when deemed appropriate based upon our assessment that a loss is probable, consistent with applicable accounting guidance. At any given time we have a variety of legal actions asserted against us in various stages of litigation.
Resolution of a legal action can often take years. Whether any particular claims and legal actions are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in our favor, they may result in significant financial liability and/or
adversely affect how the market perceives us and our products and services as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. 

We are also involved, from time to time, in other reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory
agencies regarding our business, including, among other things, accounting and operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. The number and risk of these
investigations and proceedings has increased in recent years with regard to many firms in the financial services industry due to legal changes to the consumer protection laws provided for by the Dodd-Frank Act, the creation of the CFPB, and the
uncertainty as to whether federal preemption of certain state consumer laws remains intact for federally chartered financial institutions like KeyBank and KeyCorp. A weakening of federal pre-emption would potentially increase our compliance and
operational costs and risks since we are a national bank with multi-state operations and customers and we would potentially face state and local enforcement activity. 

There have also been a number of highly publicized cases involving fraud or misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years, and we run the risk that employee misconduct could
occur. It is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. 

Any financial liability for which we have not adequately maintained reserves, and/or any damage to our reputation from such claims and legal actions, could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us.

Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly impact our business.

Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our
ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of
revenue and/or cause us to incur additional expenses. Although we 

28 

have established disaster recovery plans and procedures, and monitor for significant environmental effects on our properties or our investments, the occurrence of any such event could have a
Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

VI.  Strategic and Reputation Risks 

We operate in a highly competitive industry. 

We face substantial competition in all areas
of our operations from a variety of competitors, many of which are larger and may have more financial resources. Such competitors primarily include national and super-regional banks as well as smaller community banks within the various markets in
which we operate. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, without limitation, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies,
investment management firms, investment banking firms, broker-dealers and other local, regional and national financial services firms. In recent years, competition has intensified due to substantial consolidation among companies in the financial
services industry, a trend that may continue. The competitive landscape was also affected by the liquidity crisis, which led to the conversion of traditional investment banks to bank holding companies due to the access it provides to
government-sponsored sources of liquidity. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for nonbanks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. We expect the competitive landscape of the financial
services industry to become even more intensified as a result of legislative, regulatory, structural and technological changes. 

Our ability
to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among others, our ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; developing, maintaining and building long-term customer relationships based on quality service,
competitive prices, high ethical standards and safe, sound assets; and industry and general economic trends. Increased competition in the financial services industry, and our failure to perform in any of these areas, could significantly weaken our
competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability and have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

We may not be
able to attract and retain skilled people. 

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people.
Competition for the best people in most activities in which we are engaged can be intense, and we may not be able to retain or hire the people we want and/or need. To attract and retain qualified employees, we must compensate such employees at
market levels. Typically, those levels have caused employee compensation to be our greatest expense. 

Various restrictions on compensation of
certain executive officers were imposed under the Dodd-Frank Act and other legislation and regulations. In addition, our incentive compensation structure is subject to review by the Federal Reserve, which may identify deficiencies in the structure,
causing us to make changes that may affect our ability to offer competitive compensation to these individuals. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees may be affected by these developments, or any new executive compensation limits and
regulations, and such restrictions could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Maintaining or increasing our market share may depend upon
our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences, while maintaining competitive prices for our products and services. 

The continuous, widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services and smart phones, requires us to evaluate our product and service offerings to ensure they remain competitive. Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt our products and services, as well as our distribution of them, to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. New technologies have altered consumer behavior by allowing consumers to
complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks, while new services allow consumers to maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have

29 

historically been held as bank deposits. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as “disintermediation,” could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of
customer deposits and related income generated from those deposits. 

The increasing pressure from our competitors, both bank and non-bank, to
keep pace and adopt new technologies and products and services requires us to incur substantial expenditures. We may be unsuccessful in developing or introducing new products and services, modifying our existing products and services, adapting to
changing consumer preferences and spending and saving habits, achieving market acceptance or regulatory approval, sufficiently developing or maintaining a loyal customer base or offering products and services at prices lower than the prices offered
by our competitors. These risks may affect our ability to achieve growth in our market share and could reduce both our revenue streams from certain products and services and our revenues from our net interest margin and fee-based products and
services, all factors which may have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Our failure to effectively “cross-sell” our products and
services to customers could have a negative effect on our revenue growth and financial results. 

Selling more products or services to our
customers, or “cross-selling”, is an integral part of our business model and is key to our ability to grow revenue and earnings during the current period of slow economic growth and regulatory reform. Many of our competitors also focus on
cross-selling, especially in retail banking and mortgage lending. This can limit our ability to sell more products to our customers or influence us to sell our products at lower prices, reducing our net interest income and revenue from our fee-based
products. It could also affect our ability to retain our existing customers. As our competitors increase their cross-selling efforts and new technologies require us to spend more to modify or adapt our products to attract and retain customers, we
may face difficulties in increasing our cross-selling ratio, or the average number of products sold to existing customers. Our failure to sell additional products or services to our existing or new customers who instead purchase such products from
our competitors could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Damage to our reputation could significantly harm our businesses.

Our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors and highly-skilled management and employees is impacted by our
reputation. Public perception of the financial services industry declined since the recent downturn in the U.S. economy. We continue to face increased public and regulatory scrutiny resulting from the financial crisis and economic downturn.
Significant harm to our reputation can also arise from other sources, including employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, litigation or regulatory outcomes, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality,
compliance failures, disclosure of confidential information, and the activities of our clients, customers and counterparties, including vendors. Actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members or individuals in the
industry can also significantly adversely affect our reputation. We could also suffer significant reputational harm if we fail to properly identify and manage potential conflicts of interest. Management of potential conflicts of interests has become
increasingly complex as we expand our business activities through more numerous transactions, obligations and interests with and among our clients. The actual or perceived failure to adequately address conflicts of interest could affect the
willingness of clients to deal with us, which could adversely affect our businesses. 

Our actual or perceived failure to address these and
other issues gives rise to reputational risk that could cause significant harm to us and our business prospects, and may have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

Potential acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value. 

Acquiring
other banks, businesses, or branches involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including: 

•

 potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target company; 

•

 exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company; 

30 

•

 difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the target company; 

•

 potential disruption to our business; 

•

 potential diversion of our management’s time and attention; 

•

 the possible loss of key employees and customers of the target company; 

•

 difficulty in estimating the value (i.e., the assets and liabilities) of the target company; 

•

 difficulty in estimating the fair value of acquired assets, liabilities and derivatives of the target company; and 

•

 potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company. 

We regularly evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities and conduct due diligence activities related to possible transactions with other financial
institutions and financial services companies. As a result, merger or acquisition discussions and, in some cases, negotiations may take place and future mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt or equity securities may occur at any time.
Acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and, therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per Common Share may occur in connection with any future transaction. Furthermore, failure
to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits from an acquisition could have a Material Adverse Effect on Us. 

VII.  Risks to Our Common Shares 

An investment in our Common Shares is not an insured deposit. 

Our Common Shares are not a
bank deposit and, therefore, are not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our Common Shares is inherently risky for the reasons described in this “Risk
Factors” section and elsewhere in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common shares in any company. As a result, if you acquire our Common Shares, you may lose some or all of your investment.

Our articles of incorporation and regulations, as well as certain banking laws, may have an anti-takeover effect. 

Provisions of our articles of incorporation and regulations and federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more
difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. The combination of these provisions may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could
adversely affect the market price of our Common Shares.