You should carefully consider the risks described below and
 the other information contained in this report, including our
 audited consolidated financial statements and related notes. The
 risks described below are not the only ones facing our company.
 Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently
 deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any
 of the adverse events described in this “Risk Factors”
 section or other sections of this report actually occurs, our
 business, results of operations and financial condition could be
 materially adversely affected, the trading price, if any, of our
 securities could decline and you might lose all or part of your
 investment.

 Risks
 Related to our Business

 If we
 cannot successfully enforce our rights under the patents
 relating to two of our largest products,
 Skelaxin®
 and
 Avinza
®,
 or if we are unable to secure or enforce our rights under other
 patents and trademarks and protect our trade secrets and other
 intellectual property, additional competitors could enter the
 market, and sales of these products may decline
 materially.

 Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, any generic pharmaceutical
 manufacturer may file an ANDA with a certification, known as a
 “Paragraph IV certification,” challenging the
 validity or infringement of a patent listed in the FDA’s
 Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations,
 which is known as the “FDA’s Orange Book,” four
 years after the pioneer company obtains approval of its NDA.

 As more fully described in Note 19, “Commitments and
 Contingencies,” in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1),
 “Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules,” other
 companies have filed Paragraph IV certifications
 challenging the patents associated with some of our key
 products. If any of these Paragraph IV challenges succeeds,
 our affected product would face generic competition and its
 sales would likely decline materially. Should sales decline, we
 may have to write off a portion or all of the intangible assets
 associated with the affected product as we did with
 Altace®
 as described below.

 We may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary
 patent protection for other of our products or for products and
 technologies we develop or license. In addition, our competitors
 may develop products similar to ours, including generic
 products, using methods and technologies that are beyond the
 scope of our intellectual property protection, which could
 materially reduce our sales.

 Although most of our revenue is generated by products not
 currently subject to competition from generic products, there is
 no proprietary protection for many of our branded pharmaceutical
 products, and generic substitutes for many of these products are
 sold by other pharmaceutical companies. Further, we also rely
 upon trade secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how and
 continuing technological innovation in order to maintain our
 competitive position with respect to some products. Our sales
 could be materially reduced if our competitors independently
 develop equivalent proprietary technology and techniques or gain
 access to our trade secrets, know-how and technology.

 If we are unable to enforce our patents and trademarks or
 protect our trade secrets and other intellectual property, our
 results of operations and cash flows could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 Additionally, certain of our supply agreements and purchase
 orders for raw materials contain minimum purchase commitments.
 If loss of market exclusivity or other factors cause sales of
 our products to fall below amounts necessary to use the raw
 materials we have committed to purchase, we may incur losses in
 connection with those supply agreements or purchase orders.

 In
 late 2007, the key patent associated with
 Altace®
 was invalidated by a federal court, and we expect net sales of
 Altace
®
 to decrease significantly as a result. Our related restructuring
 initiative might not succeed, and, in any event, the benefits of
 the initiative will not be sufficient to offset the loss of
 revenues from decreased
 Altace
®
 sales.

 In late 2007, following the Circuit Court’s decision
 invalidating our ‘722
 Altace®
 patent, we undertook an analysis of its potential effects on
 future sales of
 Altace
®.
 As a result of this analysis, we concluded that our

 18

Table of Contents

 actual and estimated future net sales of
 Altace®
 are likely to decrease significantly because of competition from
 generic products. We therefore reduced our estimate of future
 net sales of
 Altace
®
 and recorded charges associated with (1) minimum purchase
 requirements under our supply agreement to purchase
 Altace
®
 raw material, (2) inventories associated with
 Altace
®
 and (3) an impairment of our
 Altace
®
 intangible assets.

 In addition, following the Circuit Court’s invalidation of
 our ‘722 patent relating to
 Altace®,
 we began a restructuring initiative designed to accelerate our
 planned strategic shift emphasizing our focus in neuroscience,
 hospital and acute care medicine. This initiative includes,
 based on an analysis of our strategic needs, a reduction in
 personnel, staff leverage, expense reductions and additional
 controls over spending, reorganization of sales teams and a
 realignment of research and development priorities. If we are
 unable to complete the objectives of this initiative, our
 business and results of operations may be materially adversely
 affected. Moreover, the anticipated benefits of the
 restructuring initiative will not be sufficient to offset the
 loss of revenues from decreased product sales following the
 invalidation of our
 Altace
®
 patent. We expect this loss of revenues to be material.

 The
 uncertainty and expense of the drug development process, actions
 by our competitors and other factors may adversely affect our
 ability to implement our strategy to grow our business through
 increased sales, acquisitions, development and in-licensing,
 and, as a result, our business or competitive position in the
 pharmaceutical industry may suffer.

 Drug development is time-consuming and expensive. Only a small
 percentage of chemical compounds discovered by researchers prove
 to be both medically effective and safe enough to become an
 approved medicine. The process from discovery to regulatory
 approval typically takes 10 to 15 years or longer. Drug
 candidates can fail at any stage of the process, and even
 late-stage product candidates sometimes fail to receive
 regulatory approval.

 Clinical trials are conducted in a series of sequential phases,
 with each phase designed to address a specific research
 question. In Phase I clinical trials, researchers test a new
 drug or treatment in a small group of people to evaluate the
 drug’s safety, determine a safe dosage range, and identify
 side effects. In Phase II clinical trials, researchers give
 the drug or treatment to a larger population to assess
 effectiveness and to further evaluate safety. In Phase III
 clinical trials, researchers give the drug or treatment to an
 even larger population to confirm its effectiveness, monitor
 side effects, compare it to commonly used treatments, and
 collect information that will allow the drug or treatment to be
 used safely. The results of Phase III clinical trials are
 pivotal for purposes of obtaining FDA approval of a new product.

 The processes by which regulatory approvals are obtained from
 the FDA to market and sell a new product are complex, require a
 number of years and involve the expenditure of substantial
 resources. Compounds or potential new products that appear
 promising in development can prove unsuccessful and fail to
 receive FDA approval, fail to receive approval of specific
 anticipated indications, be substantially delayed, or receive
 unfavorable product labeling (including indications or safety
 warnings), each of which can materially affect the commercial
 value of the product. Additional factors that may materially
 affect the success
 and/or
 timing of regulatory approval of a new product, and its
 commercial potential, include the regulatory filing strategies
 employed, the timing of and delays in FDA review, and the
 intervention by third parties in the approval process through
 administrative or judicial means. As a result, there can be no
 assurance that we will receive regulatory approval of our
 products in development, or of new dosage forms for existing
 products, that our products or dosage forms will receive
 approval for specific indications or that the labeling of these
 products will be as we would prefer.

 Our current strategy is to increase sales of certain of our
 existing products and to enhance our competitive standing
 through acquisitions or in-licensing of products, either in
 development or previously approved by the FDA, that complement
 our business and enable us to promote and sell new products
 through existing marketing and distribution channels. Moreover,
 since we engage in limited proprietary research activity with
 respect to the development of new chemical entities, we rely
 heavily on purchasing or licensing products in development and
 FDA-approved products from other companies.

 19

Table of Contents

 Development projects, including those for which we have
 collaboration agreements with third parties, include the
 following:

 • 

 Remoxytm
,
 an investigational drug for the treatment of moderate to severe
 chronic pain that we are developing with Pain Therapeutics, Inc.;

 • 

 Acuroxtm

 tablets, an investigational drug for the treatment of acute pain
 that we are developing with Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;

 • 

 CorVuetm

 (binodenoson) a myocardial pharmacologic stress imaging agent;

 • 

 Vanquixtm
,
 a diazepam-filled auto-injector;

 • 

 Sonedenoson, formerly known as MRE0094, an investigational drug
 for the topical treatment of chronic diabetic foot
 ulcers; and

 • 

 T-62, an investigational drug for the treatment of neuropathic
 pain.

 We compete with other pharmaceutical companies, including large
 pharmaceutical companies with financial, human and other
 resources substantially greater than ours, in the development
 and licensing of new products. We cannot assure you that we will
 be able to:

 • 

 engage in product life-cycle management to develop new
 indications and line extensions for existing and acquired
 products,

 • 

 successfully develop, license or commercialize new products on a
 timely basis or at all,

 • 

 continue to develop products already in development in a cost
 effective manner, or

 • 

 obtain any FDA approvals necessary to successfully implement the
 strategies described above.

 If we are not successful in the development or licensing of new
 products already in development, including obtaining any
 necessary FDA approvals, our business, financial condition, and
 results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

 Further, other companies may license or develop products or may
 acquire technologies for the development of products that are
 the same as or similar to the products we have in development or
 that we license. Because there is rapid technological change in
 the industry and because many other companies may have more
 financial resources than we do, other companies may:

 • 

 develop or license their products more rapidly than we can,

 • 

 complete any applicable regulatory approval process sooner than
 we can,

 • 

 market or license their products before we can market or license
 our products, or

 • 

 offer their newly developed or licensed products at prices lower
 than our prices.

 Any of these events would thereby have a negative effect on the
 sales of our existing, newly developed or licensed products. The
 inability to effect acquisitions or licenses of additional
 branded products in development and FDA-approved products could
 limit the overall growth of our business. Furthermore, even if
 we obtain rights to a pharmaceutical product or acquire a
 company, we may not be able to generate sales sufficient to
 create a profit or otherwise avoid a loss. Technological
 developments or the FDA’s approval of new products or of
 new therapeutic indications for existing products may make our
 existing products or those products we are licensing or
 developing obsolete or may make them more difficult to market
 successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on
 results of operations and cash flows.

 20

Table of Contents

 Seven
 of our products and our royalty segment accounted for 86.4% of
 our revenues from continuing operations in 2007 and a decrease
 in sales of these products or royalty income or an increase in
 competition in the future would have a material adverse effect
 on our results of operations.

 Revenues.  Altace
®,
 Skelaxin
®,
 Thrombin-JMI
®,
 EpiPen
®,
 Levoxyl
®,
 Sonata
®,
 Avinza
®
 and royalty revenues for the last twelve months ended
 December 31, 2007 accounted for 
30.2%, 
20.6%,

12.5%, 
5.7%, 
4.7%, 
3.7%, 
5.1%
 and 
3.9% of our total revenues from continuing
 operations, respectively, or 
86.4% in total. Accordingly,
 any factor adversely affecting sales of any of these products or
 products for which we receive royalty payments could have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash
 flows. For example, on September 11, 2007, the Circuit
 Court invalidated our ‘722 patent, related to
 Altace
®.
 Invalidation of this patent has led to a generic version of
 Altace
®
 entering the market. Additional third parties will likely enter
 the market with their own generic substitutes for
 Altace
®
 in 2008. As a result of the entry of generic competition, we
 expect net sales of
 Altace
®
 to decline significantly.

 Product Competition.  Additionally, since our
 currently marketed products are generally established and
 commonly sold, they are subject to competition from products
 with similar qualities. For example:

 • 

 Altace®
 has a generic substitute that entered the market in
 December 2007.

 • 

 Skelaxin®
 competes in a highly genericized market with other muscle
 relaxants.

 • 

 Sonata®
 competes with other insomnia treatments in a highly competitive
 market. We anticipate a generic substitute will enter the market
 in the second quarter of 2008, and we expect the entry of
 generic products to cause our net sales of
 Sonata
®
 to decline significantly.

 • 

 Levoxyl®
 competes in a competitive and highly genericized market with
 other levothyroxine sodium products.

 • 

 Beginning in 2008,
 Thrombin-JMI®,
 our bovine thrombin product, will face new competition from
 human thrombin and recombinant human thrombin. Omrix
 Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.’s Biologics Licensing Application
 (“BLA”) for its human thrombin product was approved in
 September 2007. Zymogenetics, Inc. received approval of its BLA
 for recombinant human thrombin product in January 2008.

 Other of our branded pharmaceutical products also face
 competition from generic substitutes.

 The manufacturers of generic products typically do not bear the
 related research and development costs and, consequently, are
 able to offer such products at considerably lower prices than
 the branded equivalents. We cannot assure you that any of our
 products will remain without generic competition, or maintain
 their market share, gross margins and cash flows, the failure of
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 EpiPen.  Dey, L.P. markets our
 EpiPen
®
 auto-injector through a supply agreement with us that expires on
 December 31, 2015. Under the terms of the agreement, we
 grant Dey the exclusive right and license to market, distribute
 and sell
 EpiPen
®,
 either directly or through subdistributors. A failure by Dey to
 successfully market and distribute
 EpiPen
®
 or an increase in competition could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Royalty Revenue. We receive royalties on sales of
 Adenoscan
®,
 a product that we developed.
 Adenoscan
®
 is manufactured, marketed and distributed by Astellas. In
 October 2007, we entered into an agreement with Astellas and a
 subsidiary of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
 (“Teva”) providing Teva with the right to launch a
 generic version of
 Adenoscan
®
 pursuant to a license in September 2012, or earlier under
 certain conditions. A failure by Astellas to successfully
 manufacture, market and distribute
 Adenoscan
®

 or an increase in competition could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 21

Table of Contents

 If we
 cannot integrate the business of companies or products we
 acquire, or appropriately and successfully manage and coordinate
 third-party collaborative development activities, our business
 may suffer.

 The integration into our business of in-licensed or acquired
 assets or businesses, as well as the coordination and
 collaboration of research and development, sales and marketing
 efforts with third parties, requires significant management
 attention, maintenance of adequate operational, financial and
 management information systems, integration of systems that we
 acquire into our existing systems, and verification that the
 acquired systems meet our standards for internal control over
 financial reporting. Our future results will also depend in part
 on our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified employees
 to manage expanded operations efficiently and in accordance with
 applicable regulatory standards. If we cannot manage our
 third-party collaborations and integrate in-licensed and
 acquired assets successfully, or, if we do not establish and
 maintain an appropriate administrative, support and control
 infrastructure to support these activities, this could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows and on our ability to make
 the necessary certifications with respect to our internal
 controls.

 We are
 required annually, or on an interim basis as needed, to review
 the carrying value of our intangible assets and goodwill for
 impairment. If sales of our products decline because of, for
 example, generic competition or an inability to manufacture or
 obtain sufficient supply of product, the intangible asset value
 of any declining product could become impaired.

 As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately
 $910.1 million of net intangible assets and goodwill.
 Intangible assets primarily include the net book value of
 various product rights, trademarks, patents and other intangible
 rights. If a change in circumstances causes us to lower our
 future sales forecast for a product, we may be required to write
 off a portion of the net book value of the intangible assets
 associated with that product. In evaluating goodwill for
 impairment, we estimate the fair value of our individual
 business reporting units on a discounted cash flow basis. In the
 event the value of an individual business reporting unit
 declines significantly, it could result in a non-cash impairment
 charge. Any impairment of the net book value of any intangible
 asset or goodwill, depending on the size, could result in a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 We
 have entered into agreements with manufacturers and/or
 distributors of generic pharmaceutical products with whom we are
 presently engaged, or have previously been engaged, in
 litigation, and these agreements could subject us to claims that
 we have violated federal and/or state anti-trust
 laws.

 We have negotiated and entered into a number of agreements with
 manufacturers
 and/or
 distributors of generic pharmaceutical products, some of whom
 are presently engaged or have previously been engaged in
 litigation with us. Governmental

and/or
 private parties may allege that these arrangements and
 activities in furtherance of the success of these arrangements
 violate applicable state or federal anti-trust laws.
 Alternatively, courts could interpret these laws in a manner
 contrary to current understandings of such laws. If a court or
 other governmental body were to conclude that a violation of
 these laws had occurred, any liability based on such a finding
 could be material and adverse and could be preceded or followed
 by private litigation such as class action litigation.

 For example, we have received civil investigative demands
 (“CIDs”) for information from the U.S. Federal
 Trade Commission (“FTC”). The CIDs require us to
 provide information related to our collaboration with Arrow, the
 dismissal without prejudice of our patent infringement
 litigation against Cobalt under the Hatch-Waxman Act of 1984 and
 other information. We are cooperating with the FTC in this
 investigation.

 Unfavorable
 results in pending and future claims and litigation matters
 could have an adverse impact on us.

 We are named as a party in various lawsuits, as are certain of
 our current and former directors and certain of our former
 officers. For information about our pending material litigation
 matters, please see Note 19, “Commitments and
 Contingencies,” in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1),
 “Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.” While we
 intend to vigorously defend ourselves in these actions, we are
 generally unable to predict the

 22

Table of Contents

 outcome or reasonably estimate the range of potential loss, if
 any, in the pending litigation. If we were not to prevail in the
 pending litigation, we could be required to pay material sums in
 connection with judgments or settlements related to these
 matters, or they could otherwise have a material adverse effect
 on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

 Any
 significant delays or difficulties in the manufacture of, or
 supply of materials for, our products may reduce our profit
 margins and revenues, limit the sales of our products, or harm
 our products’ reputations.

 Many of our product lines, including
 Skelaxin®,
 Thrombin-JMI
®,
 Avinza
®,
 Sonata
®
 and
 Synercid
®,
 are currently manufactured in part or entirely by third parties.
 Our dependence upon third parties for the manufacture of our
 products may adversely affect our profit margins or may result
 in unforeseen delays or other problems beyond our control. For
 example, if any of these third parties are not in compliance
 with applicable regulations, the manufacture of our products
 could be delayed, halted or otherwise adversely affected. If for
 any reason we are unable to obtain or retain third-party
 manufacturers on commercially acceptable terms, we may not be
 able to distribute our products as planned. If we encounter
 delays or difficulties with contract manufacturers in producing
 or packaging our products, the distribution, marketing and
 subsequent sales of these products could be adversely affected,
 and we may have to seek alternative sources of supply or abandon
 product lines or sell them on unsatisfactory terms. We might not
 be able to enter into alternative supply arrangements in a
 timely manner or at commercially acceptable rates, if at all. We
 also cannot assure you that the manufacturers we use will be
 able to provide us with sufficient quantities of our products or
 that the products supplied to us will meet our specifications.

 Sales
 of
 Thrombin-JMI®
 may be affected by the perception of risks associated with some
 of the raw materials used in its manufacture. If we are unable
 to maintain purification procedures at our facilities that are
 in accordance with the FDA’s expectations for biological
 products generally, the FDA could limit our ability to
 manufacture biological products at those
 facilities.

 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2007, our product
 Thrombin-JMI®
 accounted for 12.5% of our total revenues from continuing
 operations. The source material for
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 comes from bovine plasma and lung tissue which has been
 certified by the United States Department of Agriculture for use
 in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products. Bovine-sourced
 materials, particularly those from outside the United States,
 may be of some concern because of potential transmission of
 bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or “BSE.” However,
 we have taken precautions to minimize the risks of contamination
 from BSE in our source materials and process. Our principal
 precaution is the use of bovine materials only from FDA-approved
 sources in the United States. Accordingly, all source animals
 used in our production of
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 are of United States origin. Additionally, source animals used
 in production of
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 are generally less than 18 months of age (BSE has not been
 identified in animals less than 30 months of age).

 There is currently no alternative to the bovine-sourced
 materials for the manufacture of
 Thrombin-JMI®.
 We have two approved vendors as sources of supply of the bovine
 raw materials. Any interruption or delay in the supply of these
 materials could adversely affect the sales of
 Thrombin-JMI
®.
 We will continue surveillance of the source and believe that the
 risk of BSE contamination in the source materials for
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 is very low. While we believe that our procedures and those of
 our vendor for the supply, testing and handling of the bovine
 material comply with all federal, state, and local regulations,
 we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from
 these materials. There are high levels of global public concern
 about BSE. Physicians could determine not to administer
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 because of the perceived risk, which could adversely affect our
 sales of the product. Any injuries resulting from BSE
 contamination could expose us to extensive liability. If public
 concern for the risk of BSE infection in the United States
 should increase, the manufacture and sale of
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

 The FDA expects manufacturers of biological products to have
 validated processes capable of removing extraneous viral
 contaminants to a high level of assurance. We have developed and
 implemented appropriate processing steps to achieve maximum
 assurance for the removal of potential extraneous viral
 contaminants

 23

Table of Contents

 from
 Thrombin-JMI®,
 which does not include BSE because it is not a viral
 contaminant, and we gained FDA approval for these processes. If
 we are unable to successfully maintain these processing steps or
 obtain the necessary supplies to do so in accordance with the
 FDA’s expectations, the manufacture and sale of
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

 Wholesaler
 and distributor buying patterns and other factors may cause our
 quarterly results to fluctuate, and these fluctuations may
 adversely affect our short-term results. Further, our access to
 wholesaler and distributor inventory levels and sales data
 affects our ability to estimate certain reserves included in our
 financial statements.

 Our results of operations, including, in particular, product
 sales revenue, may vary from quarter to quarter due to many
 factors. Sales to wholesalers and distributors represent a
 substantial portion of our total sales. Buying patterns of our
 wholesalers and distributors may vary from time to time. In the
 event wholesalers and distributors with whom we do business
 determine to limit their purchases of our products, sales of our
 products could be adversely affected. For example, in advance of
 an anticipated price increase, customers may order
 pharmaceutical products in larger than normal quantities. The
 ordering of excess quantities in any quarter could cause sales
 of some of our branded pharmaceutical products to be lower in
 subsequent quarters than they would have been otherwise. As part
 of our ongoing efforts to facilitate improved management of
 wholesale inventory levels of our branded pharmaceutical
 products, we have entered into inventory management and data
 services agreements with each of our three key wholesale
 customers and other wholesale customers. These agreements
 provide wholesalers incentives to manage inventory levels and
 provide timely and accurate data with respect to inventory
 levels held, and valuable data regarding sales and marketplace
 activity. We rely on the timeliness and accuracy of the data
 that each customer provides to us on a regular basis pursuant to
 these agreements. If our wholesalers fail to provide us with
 timely and accurate data in accordance with the agreements, our
 estimates for certain reserves included in our financial
 statements could be materially and adversely affected.

 Other factors that may affect quarterly results include, but are
 not limited to, expenditures related to the acquisition, sale
 and promotion of pharmaceutical products, a changing customer
 base, the availability and cost of raw materials, interruptions
 in supply by third-party manufacturers, new products introduced
 by us or our competitors, the mix of products we sell, sales and
 marketing expenditures, product recalls, competitive pricing
 pressures and general economic and industry conditions that may
 affect customer demand. We cannot assure you that we will be
 successful in maintaining or improving our profitability or
 avoiding losses in any future period.

 Our
 relationships with the U.S. Department of Defense and other
 government entities subject us to risks associated with doing
 business with the government.

 All U.S. government contracts provide that they may be
 terminated for the convenience of the government as well as for
 default. Our Meridian Auto-Injector segment has pharmaceutical
 products that are presently sold primarily to the
 U.S. Department of Defense (“DoD”) under an
 Industrial Base Maintenance Contract (“IBMC”). The
 current IBMC expires in July 2008. Although we have reason to
 believe the DoD will renew the IBMC based on our relationship of
 many years, we cannot assure you that it will do so. In the
 event the DoD does not renew the IBMC, our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
 materially adversely affected. Additionally, the unexpected
 termination of one or more of our significant government
 contracts could result in a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows. A surge capability provision allows for the coverage of
 defense mobilization requirements in the event of rapid military
 deployment. If this surge capability provision becomes
 operative, we may be required to devote more of our Meridian
 Auto-Injector segment manufacturing capacity to the production
 of products for the government, which could result in less
 manufacturing capacity being devoted to products in this segment
 with higher profit margins.

 24

Table of Contents

 Our supply contracts with the DoD are subject to post-award
 audit and potential price determination. These audits may
 include a review of our performance on the contract, our pricing
 practices, our cost structure and our compliance with applicable
 laws, regulations and standards. Any costs found to be
 improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be
 reimbursed, while costs already reimbursed must be refunded.
 Therefore, a post-award audit or price redetermination could
 result in an adjustment to our revenues. From time to time the
 DoD makes claims for pricing adjustments with respect to
 completed contracts. If a government audit uncovers improper or
 illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal
 penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of
 contracts, forfeitures of profits, suspension of payments, fines
 and suspension or disqualification from doing business with the
 government.

 Other risks involved in government sales include the
 unpredictability in funding for various government programs and
 the risks associated with changes in procurement policies and
 priorities. Reductions in defense budgets may result in
 reductions in our revenues. We also provide our nerve agent
 antidote auto-injectors to a number of state agencies and local
 communities for homeland defense against chemical agent
 terrorist attacks. Changes in governmental and agency
 procurement policies and priorities may also result in a
 reduction in government funding for programs involving our
 auto-injectors. A loss in government funding of these programs
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Compliance
 with the terms and conditions of our corporate integrity
 agreement with the Office of Inspector General of the United
 States Department of Health and Human Services requires
 significant resources and management time and, if we fail to
 comply, we could be subject to penalties or, under certain
 circumstances, excluded from government health care programs,
 which could materially reduce our sales.

 In October 2005, as part of our settlement of the government
 pricing investigation of our company we entered into a five-year
 corporate integrity agreement (“CIA”) with the Office
 of Inspector General of the United States Department of Health
 and Human Services (“HHS/OIG”). For additional
 information, please see Note 19, “Commitments and
 Contingencies,” in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1),
 “Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.” The
 purpose of the CIA, which applies to all of our
 U.S. subsidiaries and employees, is to promote compliance
 with the federal health care and procurement programs in which
 we participate, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the
 Medicare Program, the 340B Drug Pricing Program, and the
 Veterans Administration Pricing Program.

 In addition to the challenges associated with complying with the
 regulations applicable to each of these programs (as discussed
 below), we are required, among other things, to keep in place
 our current compliance program, provide specified training to
 employees, retain an independent review organization to conduct
 periodic audits of our Medicaid Rebate calculations and our
 automated systems, processes, policies and practices related to
 government pricing calculations, and to provide periodic reports
 to HHS/OIG.

 Maintaining the broad array of processes, policies, and
 procedures necessary to comply with the CIA is expected to
 continue to require a significant portion of management’s
 attention as well as the application of significant resources.
 Failing to meet the CIA obligations could have serious
 consequences for us including stipulated monetary penalties for
 each instance of non-compliance. In addition, flagrant or
 repeated violations of the CIA could result in our being
 excluded from participating in government health care programs,
 which could materially reduce our sales.

 Our
 shareholder rights plan, charter and bylaws discourage
 unsolicited takeover proposals and could prevent shareholders
 from realizing a premium on their common stock.

 We have a shareholder rights plan that may have the effect of
 discouraging unsolicited takeover proposals. The rights issued
 under the shareholder rights plan would cause substantial
 dilution to a person or group which attempts to acquire us on
 terms not approved in advance by our Board of Directors. In
 addition, our charter

 25

Table of Contents

 and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited
 takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their
 best interests. These provisions include:

 • 

 a classified Board of Directors, although the classification of
 the Board is being phased out and will be eliminated in 2010;

 • 

 the ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of
 and issue new series of preferred stock;

 • 

 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our
 Board of Directors; and

 • 

 special voting requirements for the amendment of our charter and
 bylaws.

 We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Tennessee
 law, each of which could delay or prevent a change of control.
 Together these provisions and the rights plan may discourage
 transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium
 over prevailing market prices for our common stock.

 At
 times, our stock price has been volatile, and such volatility in
 the future could result in substantial losses for our
 investors.

 The trading price of our common stock has at times been
 volatile. The stock market in general and the market for the
 securities of emerging pharmaceutical companies such as King, in
 particular, have experienced extreme volatility. Many factors
 contribute to this volatility, including:

 • 

 variations in our results of operations;

 • 

 perceived risks and uncertainties concerning our business;

 • 

 announcements of earnings;

 • 

 developments in the governmental investigations or derivative
 litigation;

 • 

 the commencement of, or adverse developments in, any material
 litigation;

 • 

 failure to meet timelines for product development or other
 projections or forward-looking statements we may make to the
 public;

 • 

 failure to meet or exceed security analysts’ financial
 projections for our company;

 • 

 comments or recommendations made by securities analysts;

 • 

 general market conditions;

 • 

 perceptions about market conditions in the pharmaceutical
 industry;

 • 

 announcements of technological innovations or the results of
 clinical trials or studies;

 • 

 changes in marketing, product pricing and sales strategies or
 development of new products by us or our competitors;

 • 

 changes in domestic or foreign governmental regulations or
 regulatory approval processes; and

 • 

 announcements concerning regulatory compliance and government
 agency reviews.

 The volatility of our common stock imposes a greater risk of
 capital losses on our shareholders than would a less volatile
 stock. In addition, such volatility makes it difficult to
 ascribe a stable valuation to a shareholder’s holdings of
 our common stock.

 Risks
 Related to Our Industry

 Failure
 to comply with laws and government regulations could adversely
 affect our ability to operate our business.

 Virtually all of our activities are regulated by federal and
 state statutes and government agencies. The manufacturing,
 processing, formulation, packaging, labeling, distribution and
 advertising of our products, and

 26

Table of Contents

 disposal of waste products arising from these activities, are
 subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies, including
 the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Agency, or “DEA,” the
 Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Product Safety
 Commission, the Department of Agriculture, the Occupational
 Safety and Health Administration, and the Environmental
 Protection Agency (“EPA”), as well as by foreign
 governments in countries where we distribute some of our
 products.

 Failure to comply with the policies or requirements established
 by these agencies could subject us to enforcement actions or
 other consequences. For example, noncompliance with applicable
 FDA policies or requirements could subject us to suspensions of
 manufacturing or distribution, seizure of products, product
 recalls, fines, criminal penalties, injunctions, failure to
 approve pending drug product applications or withdrawal of
 product marketing approvals. Similar civil or criminal penalties
 could be imposed by other government agencies, such as the DEA,
 the EPA or various agencies of the states and localities in
 which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed, and
 could have ramifications for our contracts with government
 agencies such as the Department of Veterans Affairs or the
 Department of Defense.

 The FDA has the authority and discretion to withdraw existing
 marketing approvals and to review the regulatory status of
 marketed products at any time. For example, the FDA may require
 withdrawal of an approved marketing application for any drug
 product marketed if new information reveals questions about a
 drug’s safety or efficacy. All drugs must be manufactured
 in conformity with current Good Manufacturing Practices and drug
 products subject to an approved application must be
 manufactured, processed, packaged, held and labeled in
 accordance with information contained in the approved
 application.

 While we believe that all of our currently marketed
 pharmaceutical products comply with FDA enforcement policies,
 have approval pending or have received the requisite agency
 approvals, our marketing is subject to challenge by the FDA at
 any time. Through various enforcement mechanisms, the FDA can
 ensure that noncomplying drugs are no longer marketed and that
 advertising and marketing materials and campaigns are in
 compliance with FDA regulations. In addition, modifications,
 enhancements, or changes in manufacturing sites of approved
 products are in many circumstances subject to additional FDA
 approvals which may or may not be received and which may be
 subject to a lengthy FDA review process. Our manufacturing
 facilities and those of our third-party manufacturers are
 continually subject to inspection by governmental agencies.
 Manufacturing operations could be interrupted or halted in any
 of those facilities if a government or regulatory authority is
 unsatisfied with the results of an inspection. Any interruptions
 of this type could result in materially reduced sales of our
 products or increased manufacturing costs. For additional
 information please see the section entitled “Government
 Regulation” in Item 1, “Business” in
 Part I.

 Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
 and Liability Act, “CERCLA,” the EPA can impose
 liability for the entire cost of cleanup of contaminated