You should carefully consider the risks described below and
 the other information contained in this report, including our
 audited consolidated financial statements and related notes. The
 risks described below are not the only ones facing our company.
 Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently
 deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any
 of the adverse events described in this “Risk Factors”
 section or other sections of this report actually occurs, our
 business, results of operations and financial condition could be
 materially adversely affected, the trading price, if any, of our
 securities could decline and you might lose all or part of your
 investment.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 If we
 cannot successfully defend our rights under the patents relating
 to our key products, such as
 Skelaxin®,

 or if we are unable to secure or defend our rights under other
 patents and trademarks and protect our trade secrets and other
 intellectual property, additional competitors could enter the
 market, and sales of affected products may decline
 materially.

 Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, any generic pharmaceutical
 manufacturer may file an ANDA with a certification, known as a
 “Paragraph IV certification,” challenging the
 validity of or claiming non-infringement of a patent listed in
 the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic
 Equivalence Evaluations, which is known as the “FDA’s
 Orange Book,” four years after the pioneer company obtains
 approval of its NDA. As more fully described in Note 19,
 “Commitments and Contingencies,” in Part IV,
 Item 15(a)(1), “Financial Statements,” other
 companies have filed Paragraph IV certifications
 challenging the patents associated with some of our key
 products. If any of these Paragraph IV challenges succeeds,
 our affected product would face generic competition and its
 sales would likely decline materially. Should sales decline, we
 may have to write off a portion or all of the intangible assets
 associated with the affected product.

 We may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary
 patent protection for products we currently market or for
 products and technologies we develop or license. In addition,
 our competitors may develop products similar to ours, including
 generic products, using methods and technologies that are beyond
 the scope of our intellectual property protection. The
 appearance in the market of products developed in this way could
 materially reduce our sales.

 There is no proprietary protection for many of our branded
 prescription pharmaceutical products, and generic substitutes
 for many of these products are sold by other pharmaceutical
 companies. Further, we also rely upon trade secrets, unpatented
 proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation in
 order to maintain our competitive position with respect to some
 products. Our sales could be materially reduced if our
 competitors independently develop equivalent proprietary
 technology and techniques or gain access to our trade secrets,
 know-how and technology.

 If we are unable to defend our patents and trademarks or protect
 our trade secrets and other intellectual property, our results
 of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely
 affected.

 Additionally, certain of our supply agreements and purchase
 orders for raw materials contain minimum purchase commitments.
 If loss of market exclusivity or other factors cause sales of
 our products to fall below amounts necessary to use the
 inventory we have committed to purchase, we may incur losses in
 connection with those supply agreements or purchase orders.

 In
 January 2009, two key patents associated with
 Skelaxin®

 were ruled invalid by a federal court, and net sales of
 Skelaxin
®

 may decrease significantly as a result. Our related
 restructuring initiative might not succeed, and, in any event,
 the benefits of the initiative will not be sufficient to offset
 the loss of revenues from decreased
 Skelaxin
®

 sales.

 In January 2009, a U.S. District Court ruled invalid two
 key patents related to
 Skelaxin®.

 We plan to appeal, upon entry of an appropriate judgment, but
 the appeal may be unsuccessful.

 23

Table of Contents

 Following the decision of the District Court, we conducted an
 extensive examination of the company and developed a
 restructuring initiative designed to partially offset the
 potential material decline in
 Skelaxin®

 sales in the event that a generic competitor entered the market.
 This initiative includes, based on an analysis of our strategic
 needs: a reduction in sales, marketing and other personnel;
 leveraging of staff; expense reductions and additional controls
 over spending; and reorganization of sales teams.

 If we are unable to complete the objectives of this initiative,
 our business and results of operations may be materially
 adversely affected. Moreover, if a generic competitor enters the
 market, the anticipated benefits of the restructuring initiative
 will not be sufficient to offset the loss of revenues from
 decreased
 Skelaxin®

 sales.

 We
 undertook borrowings totaling $625 million in connection
 with our acquisition of Alpharma. Our obligations to repay these
 borrowings will materially limit our ability to invest in other
 aspects of our business, to borrow other funds, to engage in
 other transactions and to take a variety of other actions. In
 addition, our future cash flows may not be sufficient to repay
 these borrowings.

 In connection with the acquisition of Alpharma on
 December 29, 2008, we borrowed $425.0 million in
 principal amount under our $475.0 million revolving credit
 facility, as amended on December 5, 2008 (the
 “Revolving Credit Facility”). We also entered into a
 new $200.0 million term loan credit agreement, comprised of
 a four-year senior secured loan facility (the “Term
 Facility”).

 A substantial portion of our operating cash flow will be
 dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on these
 debts, and our obligations to repay these debts will therefore
 limit our ability to invest in other aspects of our business
 (such as product development), to borrow other funds, to engage
 in other transactions and to take a variety of other actions.

 The Revolving Credit Facility requires certain automatic and
 permanent reductions in the commitment over the life of the
 facility. The Term Facility requires repayment in certain
 quarterly installments, as outlined in the agreement, over the
 life of the facility. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility
 and the Term Facility require mandatory prepayment equal to 50%
 of our annual excess cash flows, which can be reduced to 25%
 based on certain events. There are also mandatory prepayments
 upon certain events, such as an asset sale, the issuance of debt
 or equity, or the liquidation of auction rate securities.

 The Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Facility contain
 certain covenants that, among other things, restrict additional
 indebtedness, liens and encumbrances, sale and leaseback
 transactions, loans and investments, acquisitions and purchases,
 dividends and other restricted payments, transactions with
 affiliates, asset dispositions, mergers and consolidations,
 prepayments, redemptions and repurchases of other indebtedness
 and other matters customarily restricted in such agreements.

 The Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Facility also contain
 customary events of default, including, without limitation,
 payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties,
 covenant defaults, cross-defaults to certain other material
 indebtedness in excess of specified amounts, certain events of
 bankruptcy and insolvency, certain ERISA events, judgments in
 excess of specified amounts, certain impairments to the
 guarantees, and change in control. The breach of any covenants
 or obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility or the Term
 Facility could result in a default which could trigger
 acceleration of (or the right to accelerate) the related debt.
 Because of cross-default provisions in the agreements and
 instruments governing our indebtedness, a default under one
 agreement or instrument could result in a default under, and the
 acceleration of, our other indebtedness. In addition, our
 lenders would be entitled to proceed against the collateral
 securing the indebtedness. If any of our indebtedness were to be
 accelerated, it could adversely affect our ability to operate
 our business or we may be unable to repay such debt, and,
 therefore, such acceleration could adversely affect our results
 of operations, financial condition and, consequently, the price
 of our common stock.

 For more information about the terms of the Revolving Credit
 Facility and the Term Facility, please see Note 13,
 “Long Term Debt,” in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1),
 “Financial Statements”.

 24

Table of Contents

 If we
 cannot integrate the business of companies or products we
 acquire, or appropriately and successfully manage and coordinate
 third-party collaborative development activities, our business
 may suffer. In particular, there are risks associated with the
 integration of our business with Alpharma Inc., which we
 acquired in December 2008.

 The integration into our business of in-licensed or acquired
 assets or businesses, as well as the coordination and
 collaboration of research and development, sales and marketing
 efforts with third parties, requires significant management
 attention, maintenance of adequate operational, financial and
 management information systems, integration of systems that we
 acquire into our existing systems, and verification that the
 acquired processes and systems meet applicable standards for
 internal control over financial reporting. Our future results
 will also depend in part on our ability to hire, retain and
 motivate qualified employees to manage expanded operations
 efficiently in accordance with applicable regulatory standards.
 If we cannot manage our third-party collaborations and integrate
 in-licensed and acquired assets successfully, or, if we do not
 establish and maintain appropriate processes in support of these
 activities, this could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows and on our ability to make the necessary certifications
 with respect to our internal controls.

 On December 29, 2008, we completed the acquisition of
 Alpharma Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company that develops,
 manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products for humans and
 animals.

 There are a number of risks associated with our integration of
 Alpharma’s operations into ours, including, but not limited
 to, the following:

 • 

 The combination may not enhance our business to the extent we
 expect or may not result in operating or product synergies, and
 could have a negative impact on our earnings;

 • 

 The process of integrating Alpharma’s business with ours,
 and/or the
 measures required to effectively use acquired intellectual
 property, products or other assets, could be time consuming and
 may result in unforeseen operating difficulties

and/or
 expenses;

 • 

 We may not be able to retain Alpharma’s key employees or
 maintain its critical business and customer relationships;

 • 

 There may be unforeseen liabilities or other material facts that
 could adversely affect our business. For example, litigation or
 other claims made in connection with, or inheritance of claims
 or litigation risks as a result of, the acquisition of Alpharma
 could be time consuming and may create difficulties and expenses
 which are not currently anticipated. Please see Note 19,
 “Commitments and Contingencies,” in Part IV,
 Item 15(a)(1), “Financial Statements.”

 • 

 The intangible assets and goodwill recorded in connection with
 the acquisition could be subject to impairment charges. There is
 also the risk of significant accounting charges resulting from
 the completion and integration of this sizeable acquisition and
 increased capital expenditures.

 The
 uncertainty and expense of the drug development process, actions
 by our competitors and other factors may adversely affect our
 ability to implement our strategy to grow our business through
 increased sales, acquisitions, development and in-licensing,
 and, as a result, our business or competitive position in the
 pharmaceutical industry may suffer.

 Drug development is time-consuming and expensive. Only a small
 percentage of chemical compounds discovered by researchers prove
 to be both medically effective and safe enough to become an
 approved medicine. The process from discovery to regulatory
 approval typically takes 10 to 15 years or longer. Drug
 candidates can fail at any stage of the process, and even
 late-stage product candidates sometimes fail to receive
 regulatory approval.

 Clinical trials are conducted in a series of sequential phases,
 with each phase designed to address a specific research
 question. In Phase I clinical trials, researchers test a new
 drug or treatment in a small group of people to evaluate the
 drug’s safety, determine a safe dosage range, and identify
 side effects. In Phase II

 25

Table of Contents

 clinical trials, researchers give the drug or treatment to a
 larger population to assess effectiveness and to further
 evaluate safety. In Phase III clinical trials, researchers
 give the drug or treatment to an even larger population to
 confirm its effectiveness, monitor side effects, compare it to
 commonly used treatments, and collect information that will
 allow the drug or treatment to be used safely. The results of
 Phase III clinical trials are pivotal for purposes of
 obtaining FDA approval of a new product.

 The processes by which regulatory approvals are obtained from
 the FDA to market and sell a new product are complex, require a
 number of years and involve the expenditure of substantial
 resources. Compounds or potential new products that appear
 promising in development can prove unsuccessful and fail to
 receive FDA approval, fail to receive approval of specific
 anticipated indications, be substantially delayed, or receive
 unfavorable product labeling (including indications or safety
 warnings), each of which can materially affect the commercial
 value of the product. Additional factors that may materially
 affect the success
 and/or
 timing of regulatory approval of a new product, and its
 commercial potential, include the regulatory filing strategies
 employed, the timing of and delays in FDA review, and the
 intervention by third parties in the approval process through
 administrative or judicial means. As a result, there can be no
 assurance that we will receive regulatory approval of our
 products in development, or of new dosage forms for existing
 products, that our products or dosage forms will receive
 approval for specific indications or that the labeling of these
 products will be as we would prefer.

 Our current strategy is to increase sales of certain of our
 existing products and to enhance our competitive standing
 through the acquisition or in-licensing of products, either in
 development or previously approved by the FDA, that complement
 our business and allow us to promote and sell new products
 through existing marketing and distribution channels. Moreover,
 since we engage in limited proprietary research activity with
 respect to the development of new chemical entities, we rely
 heavily on purchasing or licensing products in development and
 FDA-approved products from other companies.

 Branded prescription pharmaceutical development projects,
 including those for which we have collaboration agreements with
 third parties, include the following:

 • 

 Embedatm
,

 a drug for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic pain;

 • 

 Remoxytm
,

 a drug for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic pain that
 we are developing with Pain Therapeutics, Inc.;

 • 

 Acurox®

 Tablets, a drug for the treatment of moderate to severe pain
 that we are developing with Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;

 • 

 CorVuetm

 (binodenoson), a myocardial pharmacologic stress imaging agent;

 • 

 Ketoprofen in
 Transfersome®

 gel, a topical drug for local pain relief;

 • 

 Eladur®,

 a patch for the treatment of pain associated with postherpetic
 neuralgia;

 • 

 Vanquixtm
,

 a diazepam-filled auto-injector for the treatment of acute,
 repetitive epileptic seizures;

 • 

 T-62, a drug for the treatment of neuropathic pain;

 • 

 Oxycodone NT, a drug for treatment of moderate to severe chronic
 pain; and

 • 

 Hydrocodone NT, a drug for treatment of moderate to severe
 chronic pain.

 We compete with other pharmaceutical companies, including large
 pharmaceutical companies with financial, human and other
 resources substantially greater than ours, in the development
 and licensing of new products. We cannot assure you that we will
 be able to:

 • 

 engage in product life-cycle management to develop new
 indications and line extensions for existing and acquired
 products,

 • 

 successfully develop, license or commercialize new products on a
 timely basis or at all,

 26

Table of Contents

 • 

 continue to develop products already in development in a cost
 effective manner, or

 • 

 obtain any FDA approvals necessary to successfully implement the
 strategies described above.

 If we are not successful in the development or licensing of new
 products already in development, including obtaining any
 necessary FDA approvals, our business, financial condition, and
 results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

 Additionally, since our currently marketed products are
 generally established and commonly sold, they are subject to
 competition from products with similar qualities. For example:

 • 

 Altace®

 has multiple generic substitutes that entered the market in
 December 2007 and in 2008.

 • 

 Skelaxin®

 competes in a highly genericized market with other muscle
 relaxants and could be subject to additional competition from
 generic products following a court’s order ruling invalid
 two patents related to
 Skelaxin
®

 in January 2009.

 • 

 Sonata®

 competes with other insomnia treatments in a highly competitive
 market. A generic substitute entered the market in the second
 quarter of 2008.

 • 

 Levoxyl®

 competes in a competitive and highly genericized market with
 other levothyroxine sodium products.

 • 

 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2007,
 Thrombin-JMI®,

 our bovine thrombin product, faced new competition from human
 thrombin and recombinant human thrombin.

 Other of our branded prescription pharmaceutical products also
 face competition from generic substitutes.

 The manufacturers of generic products typically do not bear the
 related research and development costs and, consequently, are
 able to offer such products at considerably lower prices than
 the branded equivalents. We cannot assure you that any of our
 products will not face generic competition, or maintain their
 market share, gross margins and cash flows, the failure of which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Other companies may license or develop products or may acquire
 technologies for the development of products that are the same
 as or similar to the products we have in development or that we
 license. Because there is rapid technological change in the
 industry and because many other companies may have more
 financial resources than we do, other companies may:

 • 

 develop or license their products more rapidly than we can,

 • 

 complete any applicable regulatory approval process sooner than
 we can,

 • 

 market or license their products before we can market or license
 our products, or

 • 

 offer their newly developed or licensed products at prices lower
 than our prices.

 Any of these events would thereby have a negative effect on the
 sales of our existing, newly developed or licensed products. The
 inability to effect acquisitions or licenses of additional
 branded products in development and FDA-approved products could
 limit the overall growth of our business. Furthermore, even if
 we obtain rights to a pharmaceutical product or acquire a
 company, we may not be able to generate sales sufficient to
 create a profit or otherwise avoid a loss. Technological
 developments or the FDA’s approval of new products or of
 new therapeutic indications for existing products may make our
 existing products or those products we are licensing or
 developing obsolete or may make them more difficult to market
 successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on
 results of operations and cash flows.

 27

Table of Contents

 We are
 required annually, or on an interim basis as needed, to review
 the carrying value of our intangible assets and goodwill for
 impairment. If sales of our products decline because of, for
 example, generic competition or an inability to manufacture or
 obtain sufficient supply of product, the intangible asset value
 of any declining product could become impaired.

 As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately
 $1.4 billion of net intangible assets and goodwill.
 Intangible assets primarily include the net book value of
 various product rights, trademarks, patents and other intangible
 rights. If a change in circumstances causes us to lower our
 future sales forecast for a product, we may be required to write
 off a portion of the net book value of the intangible assets
 associated with that product. In evaluating goodwill for
 impairment, we estimate the fair value of our individual
 business reporting units on a discounted cash flow basis. In the
 event the value of an individual business reporting unit
 declines significantly, it could result in a non-cash impairment
 charge. Any impairment of the net book value of any intangible
 asset or goodwill, depending on the size, could result in a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 We
 have entered into agreements with manufacturers and/or
 distributors of generic pharmaceutical products with whom we are
 presently engaged, or have previously been engaged, in
 litigation, and these agreements could subject us to claims that
 we have violated federal and/or state anti-trust
 laws.

 We have negotiated and entered into a number of agreements with
 manufacturers
 and/or
 distributors of generic pharmaceutical products, some of whom
 are presently engaged or have previously been engaged in
 litigation with us. Governmental

and/or
 private parties may allege that these arrangements and
 activities in furtherance of the success of these arrangements
 violate applicable federal or state anti-trust laws.
 Alternatively, courts could interpret these laws in a manner
 contrary to current understandings of and past rulings relating
 to such laws. If a court or other governmental body were to
 conclude that a violation of these laws had occurred, any
 liability based on such a finding could be materially adverse
 and could be preceded or followed by private litigation such as
 class action litigation.

 For example, we have received civil investigative demands
 (“CIDs”) for information from the U.S. Federal
 Trade Commission (“FTC”). The CIDs require us to
 provide information related to our collaboration with Arrow, the
 dismissal without prejudice of our patent infringement
 litigation against Cobalt under the Hatch-Waxman Act of 1984 and
 other information. We are cooperating with the FTC in this
 investigation.

 An
 expansion of the ban of the use of antibiotics used in
 food-producing animals could result in a decrease in our
 sales.

 The issue of the potential transfer of increased bacterial
 resistance to human pathogens due to the use of certain
 antibiotics in certain food-producing animals is the subject of
 discussions on a worldwide basis and, in certain instances, has
 led to government restrictions on the use of antibiotics in
 these food-producing animals. While most of the government
 activity in this area has involved products other than those
 that we offer for sale, the European Union (“EU”) and
 a number of non-EU countries, including Norway and Turkey,
 banned the use of zinc bacitracin, a feed antibiotic growth
 promoter manufactured by us and others that has been used in
 livestock feeds for over 40 years, as a feed additive
 growth promoter. We have not sold this product as a feed
 additive growth promoter in these countries since the bans took
 effect (initially in the EU in July 1999; in Turkey, Bulgaria
 and Romania (the latter two now part of the EU) in 2000; and in
 Norway in January 2006). The EU ban is based upon the
 “Precautionary Principle,” which states that a product
 may be withdrawn from the market based upon a finding of a
 potential threat of serious or irreversible damage even if such
 finding is not supported by scientific certainty.

 Taiwan, South Korea and Brazil have implemented, or are expected
 to implement shortly, restrictions on the use of antibiotics in
 animal feed. We have marketed antibiotics for use in
 food-producing animals in these countries but will be required
 to curtail or discontinue those practices. The actions by these
 countries may negatively impact our business as a result of
 reduced sales. It is not yet known whether this reduction will
 be material to our financial position or its results of
 operations.

 28

Table of Contents

 We cannot predict whether the present zinc bacitracin ban or
 other antibiotic restrictions will be expanded. If any one of
 the following events occurs, the resultant loss of sales could
 be material to our financial condition, cash flows and results
 of operations:

 • 

 the EU, countries within or outside the EU, or meat importers
 act to prevent the importation of meat products from countries
 that allow the use of bacitracin-based or other
 antibiotic-containing products,

 • 

 there is an expansion of the zinc bacitracin ban to additional
 countries, such as the U.S., where we have material sales of
 bacitracin-based products,

 • 

 a similar ban is instituted relating to other antibiotic feed
 additives sold by us in the U.S. or in one or more other
 countries where we have material sales, or

 • 

 there is an increase in public pressure to discontinue the use
 of antibiotic feed additives.

 We cannot predict whether this antibiotic resistance concern
 will result in expanded regulations or public pressure adversely
 affecting other antibiotic-based animal health products
 previously sold by us in the jurisdictions where the ban has
 been imposed or in other countries in which those products are
 presently sold.

 Discussions of the antibiotic resistance issue continue actively
 in the U.S. Various sources have published reports
 concerning possible adverse human effects from the use of
 antibiotics in food animals. Some of these reports have asserted
 that major animal producers, some of whom are our customers or
 the end-users of our products, are reducing the use of
 antibiotics. In July 2005, the FDA withdrew the approval of an
 antibiotic poultry water medication due to concerns regarding
 antibiotic resistance in humans. While we do not market this
 drug, this ruling would be significant if its conclusions were
 expanded to the medicated feed additives sold by us. It is
 uncertain what additional actions, if any, the FDA may take for
 approved animal drug products. However, the FDA has established
 a rating system to be used to compare the risks associated with
 the use of specific antibiotic products in food producing
 animals, including those sold by us. While we do not believe
 that the presently proposed risk assessment system would be
 materially adverse to our business, it is subject to change
 prior to adoption or to later amendment. The sales of our animal
 health segment are principally antibiotic-based products for use
 with food-producing animals; therefore, the future loss of major
 markets, including the U.S., or negative publicity regarding
 this use of antibiotic-based products, could have a negative
 impact on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Unfavorable
 results in pending and future claims and litigation matters
 could have an adverse impact on us.

 We are named as a party in various lawsuits. For information
 about our pending material litigation matters, please see
 Note 19, “Commitments and Contingencies,” in
 Part IV, Item 15(a)(1), “Financial
 Statements.” While we intend to vigorously defend ourselves
 in these actions, we are generally unable to predict the outcome
 or reasonably estimate the range of potential loss, if any, in
 the pending litigation. If we were not to prevail in the pending
 litigation, we could be required to pay material sums in
 connection with judgments or settlements related to these
 matters, or the pending litigation could otherwise have a
 material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
 financial condition and cash flows.

 Potential
 adverse effects on human health linked to the raising or
 consumption of food-producing animals using our products could
 result in a decrease in our sales.

 Should the government find, or the public perceive, a risk to
 human health from consumption of food-producing animals which
 utilize our products (such as Avian flu) or as a by-product to
 the raising of such animals, such as the “Chicken
 Litter” litigation, there may be a decline in either the
 sale of these food products, which would result in a decrease in
 the use of our products, or a decrease in the use of our
 products in the growing of these food-producing animals. For
 additional information regarding the “Chicken Litter”
 litigation, please see Note 19, “Commitments and
 Contingencies”, in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1),
 “Financial Statements”.

 29

Table of Contents

 Any
 significant delays or difficulties in the manufacture of, or
 supply of materials for, our products may reduce our profit
 margins and revenues, limit the sales of our products, or harm
 our products’ reputations.

 Many of our products, including
 Skelaxin®,

 the
 Flector
®

 Patch,
 Thrombin-JMI
®,

 Avinza
®

 and certain animal health products and ingredients, are
 currently manufactured in part or entirely by third parties. Our
 dependence upon third parties for the manufacture of certain
 products may adversely affect our profit margins or may result
 in unforeseen delays or other problems beyond our control. For
 example, if any of these third parties is not in compliance with
 applicable regulations, the manufacture of our products could be
 delayed, halted or otherwise adversely affected. If for any
 reason we are unable to obtain or retain third-party
 manufacturers on commercially acceptable terms, we may not be
 able to distribute our products as planned.

 Further, if we encounter other delays or difficulties in
 producing or packaging products either handled by third parties
 or by us, the distribution, marketing and subsequent sales of
 these products could be adversely affected, and we may have to
 seek alternative sources of supply or abandon product lines or
 sell them on unsatisfactory terms. We might not be able to enter
 into alternative supply arrangements in a timely manner or at
 commercially acceptable rates, if at all. We also cannot assure
 you that third-party manufacturers we use will be able to
 provide us with sufficient quantities of our products or that
 the products supplied to us will meet our specifications.

 Sales
 of
 Thrombin-JMI®

 may be affected by the perception of risks associated with some
 of the raw materials used in its manufacture. If we are unable
 to maintain purification procedures at our facilities that are
 in accordance with the FDA’s expectations for biological
 products generally, the FDA could limit our ability to
 manufacture biological products at those
 facilities.

 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, our product
 Thrombin-JMI®

 accounted for 16.3% of our total revenues from continuing
 operations. The source material for
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 comes from bovine plasma and lung tissue which has been
 certified by the United States Department of Agriculture for use
 in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products. Bovine-sourced
 materials, particularly those from outside the United States,
 may be of some concern because of potential transmission of
 bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or “BSE.” However,
 we have taken precautions to minimize the risks of contamination
 from BSE in our source materials and process. Our principal
 precaution is the use of bovine materials only from FDA-approved
 sources in the United States. Accordingly, all source animals
 used in our production of
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 are of United States origin. Additionally, source animals used
 in production of
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 are generally less than 18 months of age (BSE has not been
 identified in animals less than 30 months of age).

 There is currently no alternative to the bovine-sourced
 materials for the manufacture of
 Thrombin-JMI®.

 We have two approved vendors as sources of supply of the bovine
 raw materials. Any interruption or delay in the supply of these
 materials could adversely affect the sales of
 Thrombin-JMI
®.

 We will continue surveillance of the source and believe that the
 risk of BSE contamination in the source materials for
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 is very low. While we believe that our procedures and those of
 our vendor for the supply, testing and handling of the bovine
 material comply with all federal, state, and local regulations,
 we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from
 these materials. There are high levels of global public concern
 about BSE. Physicians could determine not to administer
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 because of the perceived risk, which could adversely affect our
 sales of the product. Any injuries resulting from BSE
 contamination could expose us to extensive liability. If public
 concern about the risk of BSE infection in the United States
 should increase, the manufacture and sale of
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

 The FDA expects manufacturers of biological products to have
 validated processes capable of removing extraneous viral
 contaminants to a high level of assurance. We have developed and
 implemented appropriate processing steps to achieve maximum
 assurance that potential extraneous viral contaminants are
 removed from
 Thrombin-JMI®,

 which does not include BSE because it is not a viral
 contaminant, and we gained FDA approval for these processes. If
 we are unable to successfully maintain these processing steps or
 obtain the necessary supplies to do so in accordance with the
 FDA’s expectations, the manufacture and sale of Thrombin-

 30

Table of Contents

 JMI®

 and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

 Wholesaler
 and distributor buying patterns and other factors may cause our
 quarterly results to fluctuate, and these fluctuations may
 adversely affect our short-term results. Further, our access to
 wholesaler and distributor inventory levels and sales data
 affects our ability to estimate certain reserves included in our
 financial statements.

 Our results of operations, including, in particular, product
 sales revenue, may vary from quarter to quarter due to many
 factors. Sales to wholesalers and distributors represent a
 substantial majority of our total sales. Buying patterns of our
 wholesalers and distributors may vary from time to time. In the
 event wholesalers and distributors with whom we do business
 determine to limit their purchases of our products, sales of our
 products could be adversely affected. For example, in advance of
 an anticipated price increase, customers may order branded
 prescription pharmaceutical products in larger than normal
 quantities. The ordering of excess quantities in any quarter
 could cause sales of some of our branded prescription
 pharmaceutical products to be lower in subsequent quarters than
 they would have been otherwise. We have inventory management and
 data services agreements with each of the three key branded
 prescription pharmaceutical products wholesale customers and
 other wholesale customers who purchase our branded prescription
 pharmaceutical products. These agreements provide wholesalers
 incentives to manage inventory levels and provide timely and
 accurate data with respect to inventory levels held, and
 valuable data regarding sales and marketplace activity. We rely
 on the timeliness and accuracy of the data that each customer
 provides to us on a regular basis pursuant to these agreements.
 If our wholesalers fail to provide us with timely and accurate
 data in accordance with the agreements, our estimates for
 certain reserves included in our financial statements could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Other factors that may affect quarterly results include, but are
 not limited to, expenditures related to the acquisition, sale
 and promotion of pharmaceutical products, a changing customer
 base, the availability and cost of raw materials, interruptions
 in supply by third-party manufacturers, new products introduced
 by us or our competitors, the mix of products we sell,
 interruptions in our internal manufacturing processes, product
 recalls, competitive pricing pressures and general economic and
 industry conditions that may affect customer demand. We cannot
 assure you that we will be successful in maintaining or
 improving our profitability or avoiding losses in any future
 period.

 Our
 relationships with the U.S. Department of Defense and other
 government entities subject us to risks associated with doing
 business with the government.

 All U.S. government contracts provide that they may be
 terminated for the convenience of the government as well as for
 default. Our Meridian Auto-Injector segment has pharmaceutical
 products that are presently sold primarily to the
 U.S. Department of Defense (“DoD”) under an
 Industrial Base Maintenance Contract (“IBMC”). The
 current IBMC expires on March 31, 2009, and we are in
 negotiations regarding renewal. Although we have reason to
 believe the DoD will renew the IBMC based on our relationship of
 many years, we cannot assure you that it will do so or whether
 this renewal will be timely. In the event the DoD does not renew
 the IBMC, our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows could be materially adversely
 affected. Additionally, the unexpected termination of one or
 more of our significant government contracts could result in a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows. A surge capability
 provision allows for the coverage of defense mobilization
 requirements in the event of rapid military deployment. If this
 surge capability provision becomes operative, we may be required
 to devote more of our Meridian Auto-Injector segment
 manufacturing capacity to the production of products for the
 government, which could result in less manufacturing capacity
 being devoted to products in this segment with higher profit
 margins.

 Our supply contracts with the DoD are subject to pre- and
 post-award audits and potential price determination. These
 audits may include a review of our performance on the contract,
 our pricing practices, our cost structure and our compliance
 with applicable laws, regulations and standards. Any costs found
 to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be
 reimbursed, while costs already reimbursed must be

 31

Table of Contents

 refunded. Therefore, a post-award audit or price redetermination
 could result in an adjustment to our revenues. From time to time
 the DoD makes claims for pricing adjustments with respect to
 completed contracts. If a government audit uncovers improper or
 illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal
 penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of
 contracts, forfeitures of profits, suspension of payments, fines
 and suspension or disqualification from doing business with the
 government.

 Other risks involved in government sales include the
 unpredictability in funding for various government programs and
 the risks associated with changes in procurement policies and
 priorities. Reductions in defense budgets may result in
 reductions in our revenues. We also provide our nerve agent
 antidote auto-injectors to a number of state agencies and local
 communities for homeland defense against chemical agent
 terrorist attacks. Changes in governmental and agency
 procurement policies and priorities may also result in a
 reduction in government funding for programs involving our
 auto-injectors. A loss in government funding of these programs
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 We are
 subject to the risks of doing business outside of the United
 States.

 Future growth rates and success of our animal health and
 auto-injector businesses depend in part on continued growth in
 our operations outside of the United States. In the case of
 animal health, we have both sales and manufacturing operations
 outside the United States and numerous risks and uncertainties
 affect those operations. These risks and uncertainties include
 political and economic instability, changes in local
 governmental laws, regulations and policies, including those
 related to tariffs, investments, taxation, employment
 regulations, repatriation of earnings, enforcement of contract
 and intellectual property rights and currency exchange
 fluctuations and restrictions.

 International transactions may also involve increased financial
 and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs,
 including risks of non-compliance with U.S. and local laws such
 as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.S. Arms
 Export Control Act and the International Traffic in Arms
 Regulations affecting our activities abroad.

 While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any
 of them could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results or cash flows. If we were to
 violate local or U.S. laws, we may be subject to fines,
 penalties, other costs, loss of ability to do business with the
 U.S. government or other business-related effects which could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Compliance
 with the terms and conditions of our corporate integrity
 agreement with the Office of Inspector General of the United
 States Department of Health and Human Services requires
 significant resources and management time and, if we fail to
 comply, we could be subject to penalties or, under certain
 circumstances, excluded from government health care programs,
 which could materially reduce our sales.

 In October 2005, as part of our settlement of a government
 pricing investigation of our company, we entered into a
 five-year corporate integrity agreement (“CIA”) with
 the Office of Inspector General of the United States Department
 of Health and Human Services (“HHS/OIG”). For
 additional information, please see Note 19,
 “Commitments and Contingencies,” in Part IV,
 Item 15(a)(1), “Financial Statements.” The
 purpose of the CIA, which applies to all of our
 U.S. subsidiaries and employees, is to promote compliance
 with the federal health care and procurement programs in which
 we participate, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the
 Medicare Program, the 340B Drug Pricing Program, and the
 Veterans Administration Pricing Program.

 In addition to the challenges associated with complying with the
 regulations applicable to each of these programs (as discussed
 below), we are required, among other things, to keep in place
 our current compliance program, provide specified training to
 employees, retain an independent review organization to conduct
 periodic audits of our Medicaid Rebate calculations and our
 automated systems, processes, policies and practices related to
 government pricing calculations, and to provide periodic reports
 to HHS/OIG.

 32

Table of Contents

 Maintaining the broad array of processes, policies and
 procedures necessary to comply with the CIA is expected to
 continue to require a significant portion of management’s
 attention as well as the application of significant resources.
 Failing to meet the CIA obligations could have serious
 consequences for us including stipulated monetary penalties for
 each instance of noncompliance. In addition, flagrant or
 repeated violations of the CIA could result in our being
 excluded from participating in government health care programs,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 charter and bylaws and applicable state laws discourage
 unsolicited takeover proposals and could prevent shareholders
 from realizing a premium on their common stock.

 Our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage
 unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to
 be in their best interests. These provisions include:

 • 

 a classified Board of Directors, although the classification of
 the Board is being phased out and will be eliminated in 2010;

 • 

 the ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of
 and issue new series of preferred stock;

 • 

 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our
 Board of Directors; and

 • 

 special voting requirements for the amendment of our charter and
 bylaws.

 We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Tennessee
 law, each of which could delay or prevent a change of control.
 Together, these provisions may discourage transactions that
 otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
 market prices for our common stock.

 At
 times, our stock price has been volatile, and such volatility in
 the future could result in substantial losses for our
 investors.

 The trading price of our common stock has at times been
 volatile. The stock market in general and the market for the
 securities of emerging pharmaceutical companies such as King, in
 particular, have experienced extreme volatility. Many factors
 contribute to this volatility, including:

 • 

 variations in our results of operations;

 • 

 perceived risks and uncertainties concerning our business;

 • 

 announcements of earnings;

 • 

 the commencement of, or adverse developments in, any material
 litigation or governmental investigation;

 • 

 failure to meet timelines for product development or other
 projections or forward-looking statements we may make to the
 public;

 • 

 failure to meet or exceed security analysts’ financial
 projections for our company;

 • 

 comments or recommendations made by securities analysts;

 • 

 general market conditions;

 • 

 perceptions about market conditions in the pharmaceutical
 industry;

 • 

 announcements of technological innovations or the results of
 clinical trials or studies;

 • 

 changes in marketing, product pricing and sales strategies or
 development of new products by us or our competitors;

 • 

 changes in domestic or foreign governmental regulations or
 regulatory approval processes; and

 • 

 announcements concerning regulatory compliance and government
 agency reviews.

 33

Table of Contents

 The volatility of our common stock imposes a greater risk of
 capital losses on our shareholders than would a less volatile
 stock. In addition, such volatility makes it difficult to
 ascribe a stable valuation to a shareholder’s holdings of
 our common stock.

 Risks
 Related to Our Industries

 Failure
 to comply with laws and government regulations could adversely
 affect our ability to operate our business.

 Virtually all of our activities are regulated by U.S. federal
 and state statutes and government agencies as well as laws and
 agencies in foreign countries. The manufacturing, processing,
 formulation, packaging, labeling, distribution and marketing of
 our products, and disposal of waste products arising from these
 activities, are subject to regulation by one or more federal
 agencies, including the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Agency, or
 “DEA,” the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer
 Product Safety Commission, the Department of Agriculture, the
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the
 Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), as well as by
 foreign governments in countries where we manufacture or
 distribute products.

 Failure to comply with the policies or requirements established
 by these agencies could subject us to enforcement actions or
 other consequences. For example, noncompliance with applicable
 FDA policies or requirements could subject us to suspensions of
 manufacturing or distribution, seizure of products, product
 recalls, fines, criminal penalties, injunctions, failure to
 approve pending drug product applications or withdrawal of
 product marketing approvals. Similar civil or criminal penalties
 could be imposed by other government agencies, such as the DEA,
 the EPA or various agencies of the states and localities in
 which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed, and
 could have ramifications for our contracts with government
 agencies, such as the Department of Veterans Affairs or the
 Department of Defense.

 The FDA has the authority and discretion to withdraw existing
 marketing approvals and to review the regulatory status of
 marketed products at any time. For example, the FDA may require
 withdrawal of an approved marketing application for any drug
 product marketed if new information reveals problems with a
 drug’s safety or efficacy. All drugs must be manufactured
 in conformity with current Good Manufacturing Practices and drug
 products subject to an approved application must be
 manufactured, processed, packaged, held and labeled in
 accordance with information contained in the approved
 application.

 While we believe that all of our currently marketed
 pharmaceutical products comply with FDA enforcement policies,
 have approval pending or have received the requisite agency
 approvals, our marketing is subject to challenge by the FDA at
 any time. Through various enforcement mechanisms, the FDA can
 ensure that noncomplying drugs are no longer marketed and that
 advertising and marketing materials and campaigns are in
 compliance with FDA regulations.

 In addition, modifications, enhancements, or changes in
 manufacturing sites of approved products are in many
 circumstances subject to additional FDA approvals which may or
 may not be received and which may be subject to a lengthy FDA
 review process. Our manufacturing facilities and those of our
 third-party manufacturers are continually subject to inspection
 by governmental agencies. Manufacturing operations could be
 interrupted or halted in any of those facilities if a government
 or regulatory authority is unsatisfied with the results of an
 inspection. Any interruptions of this type could result in
 materially reduced sales of our products or increased
 manufacturing costs. For additional information please see the
 section entitled “Government Regulation” in
 Item 1, “Business,” in Part I.

 Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
 and Liability Act, “CERCLA,” the EPA can impose
 liability for the entire cost of cleanup of contaminated