You should carefully consider the risks described below and
the other information contained in this report, including our
audited consolidated financial statements and related notes. The
risks described below are not the only ones facing our company.
Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any
of the adverse events described in this “Risk Factors”
section or other sections of this report actually occurs, our
business, results of operations and financial condition could be
materially adversely affected, the trading price, if any, of our
securities could decline and you might lose all or part of your
investment.

Risks Related to our Business

 The securities and derivative litigation or the continuing
 SEC investigation could have a material adverse effect on our
 business.

Subsequent to the announcement of the SEC investigation
described in Item 3, “Legal Proceedings”,
beginning in March 2003, 22 purported class action complaints
were filed by holders of our securities against us, our
directors, former directors, our executive officers, former
executive officers, a subsidiary, and a former director of the
subsidiary in the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Tennessee, alleging violations of the Securities Act
of 1933 and/or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection
with our underpayment of rebates owed to Medicaid and other
governmental pricing programs, and certain transactions between
us and the Benevolent Fund. These 22 complaints have been
consolidated in the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Tennessee. In addition, holders of our securities
filed two class action complaints alleging violations of the
Securities Act of 1933 in Tennessee state court. We removed
these two cases to the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Tennessee, where these two cases were
consolidated with the other class actions. The district court
has appointed lead plaintiffs in the consolidated action, and
those lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint on
October 21, 2003, alleging that we, through some of our
executive officers, former executive officers, directors, and
former directors, made false or misleading statements concerning
our business, financial condition, and results of operations
during periods beginning February 16, 1999 and continuing
until March 10, 2003. Plaintiffs in the consolidated action
have also named the underwriters of our November 2001 public
offering as defendants. We and other defendants filed motions to
dismiss the consolidated amended complaint.

On August 12, 2004, the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Tennessee ruled on defendants’
motions to dismiss. The Court dismissed all claims as to Jones
Pharma Incorporated, a predecessor to one of our wholly owned
subsidiaries, King Pharmaceuticals Research and Development,
Inc. (“King Research and Development”), and as to
defendants Dennis Jones and Henry Richards. The Court also
dismissed certain claims as to five other individual defendants.
The Court denied the motions to dismiss in all other respects.
Following the Court’s ruling, on September 20, 2004,
we and the other remaining defendants filed answers to
plaintiffs’ consolidated amended complaint. Discovery in
this action has commenced. The Court has set a trial date of
April 10, 2007.

We have estimated a probable loss contingency for the class
action lawsuit described above. We believe this loss contingency
will be paid on behalf of us by our insurance carriers.
Accordingly, as of December 31, 2005, we have recorded a
liability and a receivable for this amount, classified in
accrued expenses and prepaid and other current assets,
respectively, in our consolidated financial statements.

Beginning in March 2003, four purported shareholder derivative
complaints were also filed in Tennessee state court alleging a
breach of fiduciary duty, among other things, by some of our
current and former officers and directors, with respect to the
same events at issue in the federal securities litigation
described above. These cases have been consolidated, and on
October 3, 2003, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended
complaint. On November 17, 2003, defendants filed a motion
to dismiss or stay the consolidated amended complaint. The court
denied the motion to dismiss, but granted a stay of proceedings.
On October 11, 2004, the court lifted the stay to permit
plaintiffs to file a further amended complaint adding class
action claims related to our then-anticipated merger with Mylan
Laboratories, Inc.

17

Table of Contents

On October 26, 2004, defendants filed a partial answer to
the further amended complaint, and moved to dismiss the
newly-added claims. Following the termination of the Mylan
merger agreement, plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed these claims.
Discovery with respect to the remaining claims in the case has
commenced. No trial date has been set.

Beginning in March 2003, three purported shareholder derivative
complaints were likewise filed in Tennessee federal court,
asserting claims similar to those alleged in the state
derivative litigation. These cases have been consolidated, and
on December 2, 2003 plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended
complaint. On March 9, 2004, the court entered an order
indefinitely staying these cases in favor of the state
derivative action.

In August 2004, a separate class action lawsuit was filed in
Tennessee state court, asserting claims solely with respect to
our then-anticipated merger with Mylan Laboratories. Defendants
filed a motion to dismiss the case on November 30, 2004,
which remains pending. We believe that the claims in this case
are moot following termination of the Mylan merger agreement.

Additionally, a class action complaint was filed in the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee
under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, which we
refer to as “ERISA.” As amended, the complaint alleged
that we and certain of our executive officers, former executive
officers, directors, former directors and an employee violated
fiduciary duties that they allegedly owed our 401(k) Retirement
Savings Plan’s participants and beneficiaries under ERISA.
The allegations underlying this action were similar in many
respects to those in the class action litigation described
above. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the ERISA action
on March 5, 2004. The District Court Judge referred the
motion to a Magistrate Judge for a report and recommendation. On
December 8, 2004, the Magistrate Judge held a hearing on
this motion, and, on December 10, 2004, he recommended that
the District Court Judge dismiss the action. The District Court
Judge accepted the recommendation and dismissed the case on
February 4, 2005. The plaintiffs have not appealed this
decision and the deadline for filing any appeal has now passed.

The SEC investigation of our previously disclosed errors
relating to reserves for product returns is continuing, and it
is possible that this investigation could result in the
SEC’s imposing fines or other sanctions on us.

We are unable currently to predict the outcome or reasonably
estimate the range of potential loss, if any, except as noted
above, in the pending litigation. If we were not to prevail in
the pending litigation, or if any governmental sanctions are
imposed in excess of those described above, neither of which we
can predict or reasonably estimate at this time, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could
be materially adversely affected. Responding to the SEC
investigation and defending us in the pending litigation has
resulted, and is expected to continue to result, in a
significant diversion of management’s attention and
resources and the payment of additional professional fees.

 If we cannot successfully enforce our rights under the
 patents relating to three of our largest products,
 Altace®,
 Skelaxin
®
 and
 Sonata
®,
 and the patent relating to
 Adenoscan
®,
 or if we are unable to secure or enforce our rights under other
 patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other intellectual
 property, our results of operations could be materially
 adversely affected.

Cobalt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Cobalt”), a generic
drug manufacturer located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, filed
an ANDA with the FDA seeking permission to market a generic
version of
Altace®.
The following U.S. patents are listed for
Altace
®
in the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic
Equivalence Evaluations, which is known as the “Orange
Book”; United States Patent No. 5,061,722 (the
“ ’722 patent”), a composition-of-matter
patent, and United States Patent No. 5,403,856 (the
“ ’856 patent”), a

method-of-use patent,
with expiration dates of October 2008 and April 2012,
respectively. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, any generic
manufacturer may file an ANDA with a certification, known as a
“Paragraph IV certification,” challenging the
validity or infringement of a patent listed in the FDA’s
Orange Book four years after the pioneer company obtains
approval of its

18

Table of Contents

NDA. Cobalt filed a Paragraph IV certification alleging
invalidity of the ’722 patent, and Aventis Pharma
Deutschland GmbH (“Aventis”) and the Company filed
suit on March 14, 2003, in the District Court for the
District of Massachusetts to enforce our rights under that
patent. Pursuant to the Hatch-Waxman Act, our filing of that
suit provided us an automatic stay of FDA approval of
Cobalt’s ANDA for 30 months from no earlier than
February 5, 2003. That 30 month stay expired in August
2005 and on October 24, 2005, the FDA granted final
approval of Cobalt’s ANDA. In March 2004, Cobalt stipulated
to infringement of the ’722 patent. Subsequent to filing
our original complaint, we amended our complaint to add an
allegation of infringement of the ’856 patent. The
’856 patent covers one of
Altace®’s
three indications for use. In response to the amended complaint,
Cobalt informed the FDA that it no longer seeks approval to
market its proposed product for the indication covered by the
’856 patent. On this basis, the court granted Cobalt
summary judgment of non-infringement of the ’856 patent.
The court’s decision does not affect Cobalt’s
infringement of the ’722 patent. On February 27, 2006,
the Company, Aventis and Cobalt agreed that, subject to certain
conditions, within 38 days, all parties will submit a joint
stipulation dismissing without prejudice the litigation before
the U.S. District Court of Massachusetts.

Lupin Ltd. (“Lupin”) filed an ANDA with the FDA
seeking permission to market a generic version of
Altace®
(“Lupin’s ANDA”). In addition to its ANDA, Lupin
filed a Paragraph IV certification challenging the validity
and infringement of the ’722 patent, and seeking to
market its generic version of
Altace
®
before expiration of the ’722 patent. In July 2005, we
filed civil actions for infringement of the
’722 patent against Lupin in the U.S. District
Courts for the District of Maryland and the Eastern District of
Virginia. Pursuant to the Hatch-Waxman Act, the filing of the
suit against Lupin provides us with an automatic stay of FDA
approval of Lupin’s ANDA for up to 30 months from no
earlier than June 8, 2005. On February 1, 2006, the
Maryland and Virginia cases were consolidated into a single
action in the Eastern District of Virginia. Trial is currently
scheduled to begin in that action on June 6, 2006.

We intend to vigorously enforce our rights under the ’722
and ’856 patents. If a generic version of
Altace®
enters the market, our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows could be materially adversely
affected. As of December 31, 2005, we had net intangible
assets related to
Altace
®
of $239.5 million. If a generic version of
Altace
®
enters the market, the Company may have to write off a portion
or all of the patent intangible assets and the other intangible
assets associated with this product.

Eon Labs, Inc. (“Eon Labs”), CorePharma, LLC
(“CorePharma”) and Mutual Pharmaceutical Co.
(“Mutual”), Inc. have each filed an ANDA with the FDA
seeking permission to market a generic version of
Skelaxin®
400 mg tablets. Additionally, Eon Labs’ ANDA seeks
permission to market a generic version of
Skelaxin
®
800 mg tablets. United States Patent Nos. 6,407,128 (the
“128 patent”) and 6,683,102 (the “102
patent”), two

method-of-use patents
relating to
Skelaxin
®,
are listed in the FDA’s Orange Book and

19

Table of Contents

do not expire until December 3, 2021. Eon Labs and
CorePharma have each filed Paragraph IV certifications
against the ’128 patent and the ’102 patent alleging
noninfringement and invalidity of these patents. Mutual has
filed a Paragraph IV certification against the ’102
patent alleging noninfringement and invalidity of that patent. A
patent infringement suit was filed against Eon Labs on
January 2, 2003 in the District Court for the Eastern
District of New York; against CorePharma on March 7, 2003
in the District Court for the District of New Jersey
(subsequently transferred to the District Court for the Eastern
District of New York); and against Mutual on March 12, 2004
in the District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
concerning their proposed 400 mg products. Additionally, we
filed a separate suit against Eon Labs on December 17,
2004, in the District Court for the Eastern District of New York
concerning its proposed 800 mg product. Pursuant to the
Hatch-Waxman Act, the filing of the suit against CorePharma
provided us with an automatic stay of FDA approval of
CorePharma’s ANDA for 30 months from no earlier than
January 24, 2003. Also pursuant to the Hatch-Waxman Act,
the filing of the suits against Eon Labs provided us with an
automatic stay of FDA approval of Eon Labs’ ANDA for its
proposed 400 mg and 800 mg products for 30 months
from no earlier than November 18, 2002 and November 3,
2004, respectively. We intend to vigorously enforce our rights
under the ’128 and ’102 patents to the full extent of
the law.

On March 9, 2004, we received a copy of a letter from the
FDA to all ANDA applicants for
Skelaxin®
stating that the use listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for
the ’128 patent may be deleted from the ANDA
applicants’ product labeling. We believe that this decision
is arbitrary, capricious, and inconsistent with the FDA’s
previous position on this issue. We filed a Citizen Petition on
March 18, 2004 (supplemented on April 15, 2004 and on
July 21, 2004), requesting the FDA to rescind that letter,
require generic applicants to submit Paragraph IV
certifications for the ’128 patent, and prohibit the
removal of information corresponding to the use listed in the
Orange Book. We concurrently filed a Petition for Stay of Action
requesting the FDA to stay approval of any generic metaxalone
products until the FDA has fully evaluated our Citizen Petition.

On March 12, 2004, the FDA sent a letter to us explaining
that our proposed labeling revision, which includes references
to additional clinical studies relating to food, age, and gender
effects, was approvable and only required certain formatting
changes. On April 5, 2004, we submitted amended labeling
text that incorporated those changes. On April 5, 2004,
Mutual filed a Petition for Stay of Action requesting the FDA to
stay approval of our proposed labeling revision until the FDA
has fully evaluated and ruled upon our Citizen Petition, as well
as all comments submitted in response to that petition.
Discussions with the FDA concerning appropriate labeling are
ongoing. CorePharma, Mutual and we have filed responses and
supplements to the pending Citizen Petition.

If our Citizen Petition is rejected, there is a substantial
likelihood that a generic version of
Skelaxin®
will enter the market, and our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows could be materially
adversely affected. In an attempt to mitigate this risk, we have
entered into an agreement with a generic pharmaceutical company
to launch an authorized generic of
Skelaxin
®
in the event of generic competition. However, we cannot provide
any assurance regarding the degree to which this strategy will
be successful, if at all. As of December 31, 2005, we had
net intangible assets related to
Skelaxin
®
of $170.4 million. If demand for
Skelaxin
®
declines below current expectations, we may have to write off a
portion or all of these intangible assets.

Sicor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Sicor”), a generic drug
manufacturer located in Irvine California, filed an ANDA with
the FDA seeking permission to market a generic version of
Adenoscan®.
U.S. Patent No. 5,070,877 (the “ ’877
patent”) is assigned to us and is listed in the FDA’s
Orange Book entry for
Adenoscan
®.
Astellas Pharma US, Inc. (“Astellas”) is the exclusive
licensee of certain rights under the ’877 and has marketed
Adenoscan
®
in the U.S. since 1995. A substantial portion of the
revenues from our royalties segment is derived from Astellas
from its net sales of
Adenoscan
®.
Sicor has filed a Paragraph IV certification alleging
invalidity of the ’877 patent and non-infringement of
certain claims of the ’877 patent. We and Astellas filed
suit against Sicor and its parents/affiliates Sicor, Inc., Teva
Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (“Teva”) and Teva
Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd., on May 26, 2005, in the
United States District Court for the District of Delaware to
enforce our rights under the ’877 patent. Pursuant to
the Hatch-

20

Table of Contents

Waxman Act, the filing of that suit provides us an automatic
stay of FDA approval of Sicor’s ANDA for 30 months
from no earlier than April 16, 2005. We do not expect trial
to begin before February 2007. We intend to vigorously enforce
our rights under the ’877 patent. If a generic version of
Adenoscan®
enters the market, our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Teva filed an ANDA with the FDA seeking permission to market a
generic version of
Sonata®.
In addition to its ANDA, Teva filed a Paragraph IV
certification challenging the validity and enforceability of
U.S. Patent 4,626,538 (the “ ’538
patent”) listed in the Orange Book which expires in June
2008. We filed suit against Teva in the United States District
Court for the District of New Jersey to enforce our rights under
the ’538 patent. Pursuant to the Hatch-Waxman Act, our
filing of that suit provides us an automatic stay of FDA
approval of Teva’s ANDA for 30 months from no earlier
than June 21, 2005. We intend to vigorously enforce our
rights under the ’538 patent. As of December 31, 2005,
we had net intangible assets related to
Sonata
®
of $12.9 million. If a generic form of
Sonata
®
enters the market, our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

We may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary
patent protection for other of our products or for products and
technologies we develop or license. In addition, our competitors
may develop products similar to ours, including generic
products, using methods and technologies that are beyond the
scope of our intellectual property protection, which could
reduce our sales.

We also rely upon trade secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how
and continuing technological innovation in order to maintain our
competitive position. We cannot assure you that others will not
independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary
technology and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade
secrets and technology, or that we can adequately protect our
trade secrets and technology.

If we are unable to secure or enforce patent rights, trademarks,
trade secrets or other intellectual property, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could
be materially adversely affected.

 We have entered into agreements with manufacturers and/or
 distributors of generic pharmaceutical products with whom we are
 presently engaged, or have been previously engaged in
 litigation, and these activities could subject us to claims that
 we have violated federal and/or state anti-trust laws.

We have negotiated and entered into a number of agreements with
manufacturers and/or distributors of generic pharmaceutical
products with whom we are presently engaged or have previously
been engaged in litigation. Governmental and/or private parties
may allege that these arrangements violate applicable state or
federal anti-trust laws. If a court or other governmental body
were to conclude that a violation of these laws had occurred,
liability based on such a finding could be material and may
adversely affect us.

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with
 the terms and conditions of our corporate integrity agreement
 with the Office of Inspector General of the United States
 Department of Health and Human Services.

In October 2005, as part of our settlement of the government
pricing investigation of our company (see Item 3. Legal
Proceedings, below), we entered into a five-year corporate
integrity agreement (“CIA”) with the Office of
Inspector General of the United States Department of Health and
Human Services (“HHS/ OIG”). The purpose of the CIA,
which applies to all of our U.S. subsidiaries and employees, is
to promote compliance with the federal health care and
procurement programs in which we participate, including the
Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the Medicare Program, the 340B
Drug Pricing Program, and the Veterans Administration Pricing
Program.

In addition to the challenges associated with complying with the
regulations applicable to each of these programs (as discussed
below), we are required, among other things, to keep in place
our current compliance program, provide specified training to
employees, retain an independent review organization to

21

Table of Contents

conduct periodic audits of our Medicaid Rebate and Medicare
Average Sales Price calculations and our automated systems,
processes, policies and practices related to government pricing
calculations, and to provide periodic reports to HHS/ OIG.

Implementing the broad array of processes, policies, and
procedures necessary to comply with the CIA has resulted, and is
expected to continue to result, in a significant diversion of
management’s attention and resources and the payment of
additional professional fees.

Failing to meet the CIA obligations could have serious
consequences for us including stipulated monetary penalties for
each instance of non-compliance. In addition, flagrant or
repeated violations of the CIA could result in our being
excluded from participating in government health care programs,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

 We are subject to the risk of additional litigation and
 regulatory proceedings or actions in connection with the
 restatement of prior period financial statements.

We previously restated our previously issued financial
statements for the fiscal years 2002 and 2003, including interim
periods in 2003, and the first two quarters of 2004. We may in
the future be subject to class action suits, other litigation or
regulatory proceedings or actions arising in relation to the
restatement of our prior period financial statements. Any
expenses incurred in connection with such a potential litigation
or regulatory proceeding or action not covered by available
insurance or any adverse resolution of this potential litigation
or regulatory proceeding or action could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition. Further, any litigation or regulatory
proceeding or action may be time-consuming and may distract our
management from the conduct of our business.

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain
 effective internal control over financial reporting.

Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the
rules issued thereunder, management is required to conduct an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of each year-end. We are also required to
include in our Annual Reports on
Form 10-K a report
on management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. Our registered public
accounting firm also issues an audit report on management’s
assessment and our internal control over financial reporting.

Management has concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2005
and that it provided reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of
our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. We cannot assure you that management will
not identify one or more significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
during 2006 or thereafter, that the steps we take to address any
significant deficiencies or material weaknesses will be
successful, that a significant deficiency or material weakness
will not result in material errors in our financial statements
before it is remediated, that management will be able to
complete its assessment of internal control over financial
reporting in a timely fashion in 2006 or thereafter, or that
management will be able to conclude on the basis of its
evaluation that our internal control over financial reporting is
effective as of the end of 2006 or a later period.

If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting, including adapting this control to changing
conditions and requirements, such a failure could have a
material adverse effect on our business and the value of our
common stock.

 If sales of our major products or royalty payments to us
 decrease, our results of operations could be materially
 adversely affected.

Altace®,
Skelaxin
®,
Thrombin-JMI
®,
Levoxyl
®,
Sonata
®
and royalty revenues for the last twelve months ended
December 31, 2005 accounted for 31.3%, 19.4%, 12.4%, 7.9%,
4.7% and 4.4% of our total

22

Table of Contents

revenues from continuing operations, respectively, or 80.1% in
total. We believe that these sources of revenue may constitute a
significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future.
However, the agreements associated with some sources of royalty
income may be terminated upon short notice and without cause or
may be subject to substantial competition in the near future.
Accordingly, any factor adversely affecting sales of any of
these products or products for which we receive royalty payments
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Although we have an obligation to indemnify our officers
 and directors, we may not have sufficient insurance coverage
 available for this purpose and may be forced to pay these
 indemnification costs directly. We may not be able to maintain
 existing levels of coverage, which could make it difficult to
 attract or retain qualified directors and officers.

Our charter and bylaws require that we indemnify our directors
and officers to the fullest extent provided by applicable
Tennessee law. Although we have purchased liability insurance
for our directors and officers to fund such obligations, if our
insurance carrier should deny coverage, or if the
indemnification costs exceed the insurance coverage, we would be
forced to bear some or all of these indemnification costs
directly, which could be substantial and may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. If the cost of this insurance
increases significantly, or if this insurance becomes
unavailable, we may not be able to increase or maintain our
levels of insurance coverage for our directors and officers,
which could make it difficult to attract or retain qualified
directors and officers.

 We are required annually, or on an interim basis as
 needed, to review the carrying value of our intangible assets
 and goodwill for impairment. If events such as generic
 competition or inability to manufacture or obtain sufficient
 supply of product occur that cause the sales of our products to
 decline, the intangible asset value of any declining product
 could become impaired.

As of December 31, 2005, we had $1.1 billion of net
intangible assets and goodwill. Intangible assets primarily
include the net book value of various product rights,
trademarks, patents and other intangible rights. If a change in
circumstances causes us to lower our future sales forecast for a
product, we may be required to write off a portion of the net
book value of the intangible assets associated with that
product. Any impairment of the net book value of any product or
combination of products, depending on the size of the product or
products, could result in a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In
evaluating goodwill for impairment, we estimate the fair value
of our individual business reporting units on a discounted cash
flow basis. In the event the value of an individual business
reporting unit declines significantly, it could result in a
non-cash impairment charge.

 If we cannot implement our strategy to grow our business
 through increased sales, acquisitions, development and
 in-licensing, our business or competitive position in the
 pharmaceutical industry may suffer.

Our current strategy is to increase sales of our existing
products and to enhance our competitive standing through
acquisitions or in-licensing of products, either in development
or previously approved by the FDA, that complement our business
and enable us to promote and sell new products through existing
marketing and distribution channels. Moreover, since we engage
in limited proprietary research activity with respect to the
development of new chemical entities, we rely heavily on
purchasing or licensing products in development and FDA-approved
products from other companies.

We are engaged in the development and licensing of new products.
For example, we are engaged in the development of:

• 

 Remoxytm
,
 an investigational drug for the treatment of severe to chronic
 pain;

• 

 binodenoson, a myocardial pharmacologic stress imaging agent;

23

Table of Contents

• 

 PT-141, an investigational new drug for the treatment of
 erectile dysfunction and female sexual dysfunction;

• 

 T-62, an investigational drug for the treatment of neuropathic
 pain;

• 

 MRE0094, an investigational drug for the topical treatment of
 chronic diabetic foot ulcers;

• 

 a new inhaler for
 Intal®
 using the alternative propellant HFA for which the FDA has
 issued an approvable letter;

• 

 a potential new formulation of metaxalone;

• 

 a novel formulation of ramipril for which an NDA is pending;

• 

 an
 Altace®/diuretic
 combination product; and

• 

 Vanquixtm
,
 a diazepam-filled auto-injector.

We compete with other pharmaceutical companies, including large
pharmaceutical companies with financial, human and other
resources substantially greater than ours, in the development
and licensing of new products. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to

• 

 engage in product life-cycle management to develop new
 indications and line extensions for existing and acquired
 products,

• 

 successfully develop, license or commercialize new products on a
 timely basis or at all,

• 

 continue to develop products already in development in a cost
 effective manner, or

• 

 obtain any FDA approvals necessary to successfully implement the
 strategies described above.

If we are not successful in the development or licensing of new
products already in development, including the failure to obtain
any necessary FDA approval, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Further, other companies may license or develop products or may
acquire technologies for the development of products that are
the same as or similar to the products we have in development or
that we license. Because there is rapid technological change in
the industry and because many other companies may have more
financial resources than we do, other companies may

• 

 develop or license their products more rapidly than we can,

• 

 complete any applicable regulatory approval process sooner than
 we can,

• 

 market or license their products before we can market or license
 our products, or

• 

 offer their newly developed or licensed products at prices lower
 than our prices,

and thereby have a negative impact on the sales of our existing,
newly developed or licensed products. The inability to effect
acquisitions or licenses of additional branded products in
development and
FDA-approved products
could limit the overall growth of our business. Furthermore,
even if we obtain rights to a pharmaceutical product or acquire
a company, we may not be able to generate sales sufficient to
create a profit or otherwise avoid a loss. Technological
developments or the FDA’s approval of new products or of
new therapeutic indications for existing products may make our
existing products or those products we are licensing or
developing obsolete or may make them more difficult to market
successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

 If we cannot integrate the business of companies or
 products we acquire, or appropriately and successfully manage
 and coordinate third-party collaborative development activities,
 our business may suffer.

The integration of acquisitions into our business of in-licensed
or acquired assets or businesses, as well as the coordination
and collaboration of development, sales and marketing efforts
with third parties,

24

Table of Contents

requires significant management attention and may require the
further expansion of our support personnel, sales force and
other human resources. In order to manage our in-license and
acquisition activity effectively, we must maintain adequate
operational, financial and management information systems,
integrate the systems that we acquire into our existing systems,
and ensure that the acquired systems meet our standards for
internal control over financial reporting. Our future success
will also depend in part on our ability to hire, retain and
motivate qualified employees to manage expanded operations
efficiently and in accordance with applicable regulatory
standards. If we cannot manage our third-party collaborations
and integrate in-licensed and acquired assets successfully, or,
if we do not establish and maintain an appropriate
administrative, support and control infrastructure to support
these activities, this could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows and on our ability to make the necessary
certifications with respect to our internal controls.

 We do not have proprietary protection for most of our
 branded pharmaceutical products, and our sales could suffer from
 competition by generic substitutes.

Although most of our revenue is generated by products not
subject to competition from generic products, there is no
proprietary protection for most of our branded pharmaceutical
products, and generic substitutes for many of these products are
sold by other pharmaceutical companies. Even our products that
currently have no generic substitute could face generic
competition if generics are developed by other companies and
approved by the FDA. The entry of generic substitutes for any of
our products could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition,
governmental and other pressure to reduce pharmaceutical costs
may result in physicians prescribing products for which there
are generic substitutes. Also, our branded products for which
there is no generic form available may face competition from
different therapeutic agents used for the same indications for
which our branded products are used. Increased competition from
the sale of generic pharmaceutical products or from different
therapeutic agents used for the same indications for which our
branded products are used may cause a decrease in revenue from
our branded products and could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.

 If we cannot sell our products in amounts greater than our
 minimum purchase requirements under some of our supply
 agreements or sell our products in accordance with our
 forecasts, our results of operations and cash flows may be
 adversely affected.

Some of our supply agreements or purchase orders, including
those related to
Altace®
and
Skelaxin
®,
require us to purchase certain minimum levels of active
ingredients or finished goods. If we are unable to maintain
market exclusivity for our products, if our product life-cycle
management is not successful, if we fail to sell our products in
accordance with the forecasts we develop as required by our
supply agreements or if we do not terminate supply agreements at
times that are optimal for us, we may incur losses in connection
with the purchase commitments under the supply agreements or
purchase orders. In the event we incur losses in connection with
the purchase commitments under our supply agreements or purchase
orders, there may be a material adverse effect upon our results
of operations and cash flows.

Additionally, we purchase raw materials and some of our finished
goods based on our forecast for sales of our products. We also
manufacture many of our finished goods based on these forecasts.
If we do not meet expected forecasts for sales, we could
purchase inventory quantities in excess of expected demand. This
purchase of excess inventory could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and cash flows.

 Any significant delays or difficulties in the manufacture
 of, or supply of materials for, our products may reduce our
 profit margins and revenues, limit the sales of our products, or
 harm our products’ reputations.

We manufacture many of our products in facilities we own and
operate. These products include
Altace®,
Thrombin-JMI
®
and
Levoxyl
®,
which together represented approximately 51.6% of our revenues
for the last twelve months ended December 31, 2005. Many of
our production processes are complex and

25

Table of Contents

require specialized and expensive equipment. If we are not in
compliance with applicable regulations, the manufacture of our
products could be delayed, halted or otherwise adversely
affected. Any unforeseen delays or interruptions in our
manufacturing operations may reduce our profit margins and
revenues. In the event of an interruption, we may not be able to
distribute our products as planned. Furthermore, growing demand
for our products could exceed our ability to supply the demand.
If such situations occur, it may be necessary for us to seek
alternative manufacturers, which could adversely impact our
ability to produce and distribute our products. We cannot assure
you that we would be able to arrange for third parties to
manufacture our products in a timely manner or at all. In
addition, our manufacturing output may be interrupted by power
outages, supply shortages, accidents, natural disasters or other
disruptions. Even though we carry business interruption
insurance policies, we may suffer losses as a result of business
interruptions that exceed the coverage available under our
insurance policies.

Many of our product lines, including
Altace®,
Skelaxin
®,
Sonata
®,
Intal
®,
Tilade
®,
Synercid
®
and
Cortisporin
®,
are currently manufactured in part or entirely by third parties.
Our dependence upon third parties for the manufacture of our
products may adversely effect our profit margins or may result
in unforeseen delays or other problems beyond our control. For
example, if any of these third parties are not in compliance
with applicable regulations, the manufacture of our products
could be delayed, halted or otherwise adversely affected. If for
any reason we are unable to obtain or retain third-party
manufacturers on commercially acceptable terms, we may not be
able to distribute our products as planned. If we encounter
delays or difficulties with contract manufacturers in producing
or packaging our products, the distribution, marketing and
subsequent sales of these products would be adversely affected,
and we may have to seek alternative sources of supply or abandon
or sell product lines on unsatisfactory terms. We might not be
able to enter into alternative supply arrangements at
commercially acceptable rates, if at all. We also cannot assure
you that the manufacturers we use will be able to provide us
with sufficient quantities of our products or that the products
supplied to us will meet our specifications.

We have begun construction of facilities to produce
Bicillin®
at our Rochester, Michigan location. The third-party
manufacturer that produced
Bicillin
®
for us closed its plant. If our inventory of
Bicillin
®
is not sufficient to sustain demand during the period we are
constructing our
Bicillin
®
manufacturing facility, or if we experience delays in obtaining
regulatory authorizations or experience production difficulties
at our
Bicillin
®
manufacturing facility, sales of this product may be reduced or
the market for the product may be permanently diminished, either
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For
the year ended December 31, 2005, net sales of
Bicillin
®
were $54.0 million, representing 3.0% of our total revenues.

We are also in the process of transferring the manufacture of
some of our other products that are currently manufactured by
third parties to our manufacturing facilities. We expect to
complete these transfers prior to the expiration of the
agreements concerning supply of these products. However, we
cannot assure you that we will complete the transfers prior to
the expiration of the supply agreements, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

We and third parties with whom we contract require a supply of
quality raw materials and components to manufacture and package
our pharmaceutical products. Currently, we and our third-party
manufacturers rely on over 500 suppliers to deliver the
necessary raw materials and components. Some of our contracts
for the supply of raw materials have short durations, and there
is no assurance that we will be able to secure extension of the
terms of such agreements. If we or our third-party manufacturers
are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of any of the raw
materials or components required to produce and package our
products, we may not be able to distribute our products as
planned.

The occurrence of any of these events could result in
significant backorders for our products, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows and could adversely affect
our market share for the products and the reputation of our
products.

26

Table of Contents

 If third-party developers of some of our new product
 candidates and reformulated products fail to devote sufficient
 time and resources to our concerns, or if their performance is
 substandard or otherwise fails to comply with the terms of their
 agreements with us, or if we mismanage the development process,
 the introduction of new or reformulated products may not be
 successful.

We develop and manage the development of products and product
line extensions through research and development and through
contractual relationships with third parties that develop new
products, including new product formulations, on our behalf. Our
reliance on third parties for the development of some of our
products exposes us to risks which could cause delays in the
development of new products or reformulated products or could
cause other problems beyond our control. These third-party
developers

• 

 may not be successful in developing the products or product line
 extensions for us,

• 

 may face financial or business related difficulties which could
 make it difficult or impossible for them to continue business
 operations, or

• 

 may otherwise breach or terminate their agreements with us.

If any of these events occur, or we mismanage these processes or
the third parties who perform services on our behalf, and we are
unable to successfully develop these products and new product
formulations by other means, our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows could be materially and
adversely affected.

 We are near maximum capacity at our Middleton, Wisconsin
 facility, which limits our ability to increase production of
 Thrombin-JMI®.

We are currently working to expand our production capacity for
Thrombin-JMI®.
We cannot assure you that our plans to expand our production
capacity for
Thrombin-JMI
®
will be successful and/or timely. If we cannot successfully and
timely expand our production capacity for
Thrombin-JMI
®,
our ability to increase production of
Thrombin-JMI
®
will be limited, thereby limiting our unit sales growth for this
product.

 Wholesaler and distributor buying patterns and other
 factors may cause our quarterly results to fluctuate, and these
 fluctuations may adversely affect our short-term
 profitability.

Our results of operations, including, in particular, product
sales revenue, may vary from quarter to quarter due to many
factors. Sales to wholesalers and distributors represent a
substantial portion of our total sales. Buying patterns of our
wholesalers and distributors may vary from time to time. In the
event wholesalers and distributors with whom we do business
determine to limit their purchases of our products, sales of our
products could be adversely affected. For example, in advance of
an anticipated price increase, many of our customers may order
pharmaceutical products in larger than normal quantities. The
ordering of excess quantities in any quarter could cause sales
of some of our branded pharmaceutical products to be lower in
subsequent quarters than they would have been otherwise. As part
of our ongoing efforts to facilitate improved management of
wholesale inventory levels of our branded pharmaceutical
products, we have entered into inventory management and data
services agreements with each of our three key wholesale
customers. These agreements provide wholesalers incentives to
manage inventory levels and provide timely and accurate data
with respect to inventory levels held, and valuable data
regarding sales and marketplace activity. We rely on the
timeliness and accuracy of the data that each customer provides
to us on a regular basis pursuant to these agreements. If our
wholesalers fail to provide us with timely and accurate data in
accordance with the agreements, our estimates for certain
reserves included in our financial statements could be
materially and adversely affected.

Other factors that may affect quarterly results include
expenditures related to the acquisition, sale and promotion of
pharmaceutical products, a changing customer base, the
availability and cost of raw materials, interruptions in supply
by third-party manufacturers, new products introduced by us or
our competitors, the mix of products we sell, sales and
marketing expenditures, product recalls, competitive pricing
pressures and general economic and industry conditions that may
affect customer demand. We

27

Table of Contents

cannot assure you that we will be successful in maintaining or
improving our profitability or avoiding losses in any future
period.

 The insolvency of any of our principal customers, who are
 wholesale pharmaceutical distributors, could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

Similar to other pharmaceutical companies, our principal
customers are primarily wholesale pharmaceutical distributors.
The wholesale distributor network for pharmaceutical products
has in recent years been subject to increasing consolidation,
which has increased our, and other industry participants’,
customer concentration. Accordingly, three key customers
accounted for approximately 69% of our revenues and a
significant portion of our accounts receivable for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2005. The insolvency of any of our
principal customers could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

 Our wholly owned subsidiary, King Research and
 Development, successor to Jones Pharma Incorporated, is a
 defendant in litigation which is currently being handled by its
 insurance carriers. Should this coverage be inadequate or
 subsequently denied or were we to lose some of these lawsuits,
 our results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our wholly owned subsidiary, King Research and Development,
successor to Jones Pharma Incorporated, is a defendant in 143
multi-defendant lawsuits involving the manufacture and sale of
dexfenfluramine, fenfluramine and phentermine, which is usually
referred to as “fen/phen.” In 1996, Jones acted as a
distributor of
Obenix®,
a branded phentermine product. Jones also distributed a generic
phentermine product. We believe that Jones’ phentermine
products have been identified in less than 100 of the foregoing
cases. The plaintiffs in these cases claim injury as a result of
ingesting a combination of these weight-loss drugs. They seek
compensatory and punitive damages as well as medical care and
court-supervised medical monitoring. The plaintiffs claim
liability based on a variety of theories including, but not
limited to, product liability, strict liability, negligence,
breach of warranties and misrepresentation. These suits are
filed in various jurisdictions throughout the United States, and
in each of these suits King Research and Development is one of
many defendants, including manufacturers and other distributors
of these drugs. King Research and Development denies any
liability incident to the distribution of Jones’
phentermine products and intends to pursue all defenses
available to it. King Research and Development has tendered
defense of these lawsuits to its insurance carriers for handling
and they are currently defending King Research and Development
in these suits. In the event that insurance coverage is
inadequate to satisfy any resulting liability, King Research and
Development will have to resume defense of these lawsuits and be
responsible for the damages, if any, that are awarded against it.

 Sales of
 Thrombin-JMI®

may be affected by the perception of risks associated with
 some of the raw materials used in its manufacture; if we are
 unable to successfully develop purification procedures at our
 facilities that are in accordance with the FDA’s
 expectations for biological products generally, the FDA could
 limit our ability to manufacture biological products at those
 facilities.

For the year ended December 31, 2005, our product
Thrombin-JMI®
accounted for 12.4% of our total revenues from continuing
operations. The source material for
Thrombin-JMI
®
comes from bovine plasma and lung tissue which has been
certified by the United States Department of Agriculture for use
in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products. Bovine-sourced
materials, particularly those from outside the United States,
may be of some concern because of potential transmission of
bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or “BSE.” However,
we have taken precautions to minimize the risks of contamination
from BSE in our source materials. Our principal precaution is
the use of bovine materials only from

FDA-approved sources in
the United States. Accordingly, all source animals used in our
production of
Thrombin-JMI
®
are of United States origin. Additionally, source animals used
in production of
Thrombin-JMI
®
are generally less than 18 months of age (BSE has not been
identified in animals less than 30 months of age).

28

Table of Contents

We have two approved vendors as sources of supply of the bovine
raw materials. Any interruption or delay in the supply of these
materials could adversely affect the sales of
Thrombin-JMI®.
In addition to other actions taken by us and our vendors to
minimize the risk of BSE, we are developing steps to further
purify the material of other potential contaminants. We will
continue surveillance of the source and believe that the risk of
BSE contamination in the source materials for
Thrombin-JMI
®
is very low. While we believe that our procedures and those of
our vendor for the supply, testing and handling of the bovine
material comply with all federal, state, and local regulations,
we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from
these materials. There are high levels of global public concern
about BSE. Physicians could determine not to administer
Thrombin-JMI
®
because of the perceived risk, which could adversely affect our
sales of the product. Any injuries resulting from BSE
contamination could expose us to extensive liability. Also,
there is currently no alternative to the bovine-sourced
materials for
Thrombin-JMI
®.
If public concern for the risk of BSE infection in the United
States should increase, the manufacture and sale of
Thrombin-JMI
®
and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

The FDA expects manufacturers of biological products to have
validated processes capable of removing extraneous viral
contaminants to a high level of assurance. As a result, many
manufacturers of biologics are currently engaged in developing
procedures to remove potential extraneous viral contaminants
from their products. We are in the process of developing
appropriate processing steps to achieve maximum assurance for
the removal of potential extraneous viral contaminants from
Thrombin-JMI®,
which does not include BSE because it is not a viral
contaminant. If we are not successful in gaining FDA approval
for these processes, our ability to manufacture
Thrombin-JMI
®
may be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will be
successful in these efforts. Failure to obtain the FDA’s
approval for these procedures could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

 On November 15, 2006, we may be required to
 repurchase our
 23
/
4% Convertible
 Debentures due November 15, 2021, or we may elect to
 repurchase them sooner.

During the fourth quarter of 2001, we issued
23
/
4% Convertible
Debentures due November 15, 2021 in an aggregate amount of
$345.0 million. The price at which the debentures are
convertible into common stock is $50.16, subject to adjustments
spelled out in the documents governing the debentures. If the
price of our stock has not reached that amount by
November 15, 2006 and the debentures are not refinanced or
repurchased, we may be required to repurchase all or a portion
of the debentures representing the $345.0 million on
November 15, 2006 if some or all of the holders of the
debentures request that we repurchase their debentures.
Alternatively, we may elect to repurchase some or all of the
debentures, by negotiation with debenture holders, a buy-back
program, or a tender offer, prior to November 15, 2006. We
cannot assure you that a significant repurchase would not have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows or liquidity.

 A failure by Dey, L.P. to successfully market the
 EpiPen®

auto-injector, or an increase in competition, could have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Dey, L.P. markets our
EpiPen®
auto-injector through a supply agreement with us that expires on
December 31, 2015. Under the terms of the agreement, we
grant Dey the exclusive right and license to market, distribute
and sell
EpiPen
®
worldwide. We understand that a new competitive product received
FDA approval and entered the market in the third quarter of
2005. The new product,
TwinJect
®
Auto-Injector (epinephrine) injection, is not a
therapeutically equivalent product but has the same indications,
same usage and the same route of delivery as
EpiPen
®.
Users of
EpiPen
®
would have to obtain a new prescription in order to substitute
TwinJect
®.
The supply agreement with Dey includes minimum purchase
requirements that are less than Dey’s purchases in recent
years. A failure by Dey to successfully market and distribute
EpiPen
®
or an increase in competition could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

29

Table of Contents

 Our relationships with the U.S. Department of Defense
 and other government entities are subject to risks associated
 with doing business with the government.

All U.S. government contracts provide that they may be
terminated for the convenience of the government as well as for
default. Our Meridian Medical Technologies segment has
pharmaceutical products that are presently sold primarily to the
DoD under an Industrial Base Maintenance Contract
(“IBMC”). The current IBMC expires in July 2006.
Although we have reason to believe the DoD will renew the IBMC
based on our relationship of many years, we cannot assure you
that they will. In the event the DoD does not renew the IBMC,
our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Additionally,
the unexpected termination of one or more of our significant
government contracts could result in a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. A surge capability provision allows for the coverage
of defense mobilization requirements in the event of rapid
military deployment. If this surge capability provision becomes
operative, we may be required to devote more of our Meridian
Medical Technologies segment manufacturing capacity to the
production of products for the government which could result in
less manufacturing capacity being devoted to products in this
segment with higher profit margins.

Our supply contracts with the DoD are subject to post-award
audit and potential price determination. These audits may
include a review of our performance on the contract, our pricing
practices, our cost structure and our compliance with applicable
laws, regulations and standards. Any costs found to be
improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be
reimbursed, while costs already reimbursed must be refunded.
Therefore, a post-award audit or price redetermination could
result in an adjustment to our revenues. From time to time the
DoD makes claims for pricing adjustments with respect to
completed contracts. If a government audit uncovers improper or
illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal
penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of
contracts, forfeitures of profits, suspension of payments, fines
and suspension or disqualification from doing business with the
government.

Other risks involved in government sales include the
unpredictability in funding for various government programs and
the risks associated with changes in procurement policies and
priorities. Reductions in defense budgets may result in
reductions in our revenues. We also provide our nerve agent
antidote auto-injectors to a number of state agencies and local
communities for homeland defense against chemical agent
terrorist attacks. Changes in governmental and agency
procurement policies and priorities may also result in a
reduction in government funding for programs involving our
auto-injectors. A loss in government funding of these programs
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment
 obligations under the Medicaid rebate program or other
 governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional
 reimbursements, penalties, sanctions and fines which could have
 a material adverse effect on our business.

Medicaid reporting and payment obligations are highly complex
and in certain respects ambiguous. If we fail to comply with
these obligations, we could be subject to additional
reimbursements, penalties, sanctions and fines which could have
a material adverse effect on our business.

Since 2003, we have implemented new information technology
systems that are intended to significantly enhance the accuracy
of our calculations for estimating amounts due under Medicaid
and other governmental pricing programs; however, our processes
for these calculations and the judgments involved in making
these calculations will continue to involve subjective
decisions, and, as a result, these calculations will remain
subject to the risk of errors.

 If our operations were disrupted by a natural disaster or
 other catastrophic event, our business could be harmed.

A natural disaster, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other
catastrophic event could result in a significant interruption of
our normal business operations and have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial conditions, results of
operations and cash flows.

30

Table of Contents

For example, for efficiency, we rely upon a central distribution
facility, located in Bristol, Tennessee. An interruption in
operations at this facility could limit our ability to deliver
our products to customers. Similarly, our business depends upon
centralized electronic communication, analysis and recordkeeping
systems. Damage to these systems could limit the normal
operation of many aspects of our business, such as receipt and
processing of orders, shipment of products to customers,
internal communications and maintenance of financial and other
records.

 If we are unable to obtain approval of new HFA propellants
 for
 Intal®

and
 Tilade®,
 our sales of these products could be adversely affected.

Under government regulations, chlorofluorocarbon compounds are
being phased out because of environmental concerns. Our products
Intal®
and
Tilade
®
currently use these compounds as propellants. The FDA has issued
an approvable letter with respect to the new drug application,
or “NDA” covering a new inhaler for
Intal
®
using the alternative propellant HFA. The approvable letter
provides that final approval of the NDA for
Intal
®
HFA is subject to addressing certain FDA comments solely
pertaining to the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls section
of the NDA covering the product. In the event we cannot also
obtain final approval for alternative propellants for
Intal
®
and
Tilade
®
before the final phase-out date for use of chlorofluorocarbon
compounds or if we are unable to maintain an adequate supply of
chlorofluorocarbon compounds for the production of these
products prior to this date, our ability to market these
products could be materially adversely affected, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 There are risks associated with either the continuation or
 termination of our agreement with Wyeth to
 co-promote Altace®.

Our revenues depend significantly upon the sale of
Altace®.
We have a Co-Promotion Agreement with Wyeth pursuant to which
each company markets
Altace
®
and shares in the revenues generated by its sale. The future
success of this collaboration is uncertain. Factors that may
affect the success of our collaboration with Wyeth include the
following:

• 

 Wyeth may pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative
 products, either on its own or in collaboration with others,
 that may compete with
 Altace®
 or which could affect Wyeth’s commitment to the
 collaboration;

• 

 Wyeth may pursue higher-priority programs or change the focus of
 its marketing programs, which could also affect its commitment
 to the collaboration; and

• 

 Wyeth may choose to devote fewer resources to the marketing of
 Altace®.

Our Co-Promotion Agreement with Wyeth results in our having less
control over the promotion of
Altace®
than we would have in the absence of the Agreement. Further, we
believe that we presently realize less operating income from the
sale of
Altace
®
than we would realize if the Agreement were terminated. Because
of these factors, among others, as well as contractual disputes
existing between Wyeth and us, we have sought, and may continue
to seek, the termination of the Agreement.

Should Wyeth reduce the resources dedicated to the marketing of
Altace®,
or should the

Co-Promotion Agreement
be terminated, then we may need to expand our marketing
capabilities, or enter into another collaborative arrangement,
to ensure that appropriate sales and marketing resources are
devoted to
Altace
®.
Such efforts would require substantial time, effort and
resources, and we may not be able to recruit and retain
appropriate sales and marketing resources or enter into another
collaborative arrangement. Any significant reduction in the
sales and marketing resources devoted to
Altace
®
could have a material adverse effect on sales of
Altace
®
and on our business, financial conditions, results of operations
and cash flows.

 The loss of our key personnel or an inability to attract
 new personnel could harm our business.

We are highly dependent on the principal members of our
management staff, the loss of whose services might impede the
achievement of our strategic objectives. We cannot assure you
that we will be

31

Table of Contents

able to attract and retain key personnel in sufficient numbers,
or on acceptable terms, or with the skills which are necessary
to support our growth and integration activities. The loss of
the services of key personnel or the failure to attract such
personnel could have a material adverse effect on us.

 Our shareholder rights plan, charter and bylaws discourage
 unsolicited takeover proposals and could prevent shareholders
 from realizing a premium on their common stock.

We have a shareholder rights plan that may have the effect of
discouraging unsolicited takeover proposals. The rights issued
under the shareholder rights plan would cause substantial
dilution to a person or group which attempts to acquire us on
terms not approved in advance by our Board of Directors. In
addition, our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may
discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may
consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include

• 

 a classified Board of Directors;

• 

 the ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of
 and issue new series of preferred stock;

• 

 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our
 Board of Directors; and

• 

 special voting requirements for the amendment of our charter and
 bylaws.

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Tennessee
laws, each of which could delay or prevent a change of control.
Together these provisions and the rights plan may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium
over prevailing market prices for our common stock.

 Our stock price is volatile, which could result in
 substantial losses for our investors.

The trading price of our common stock is volatile. The stock
market in general and the market for the securities of emerging
pharmaceutical companies such as King, in particular, have
experienced extreme volatility. Many factors contribute to this
volatility, including

• 

 variations in our results of operations;

• 

 perceived risks and uncertainties concerning our business;

• 

 announcements of earnings;

• 

 developments in the governmental investigations or securities
 litigation;

• 

 the commencement of, or adverse developments in, any material
 litigation;

• 

 failure to meet or exceed our own projections for revenue,
 product sales and earnings per share;

• 

 failure to meet timelines for product development or other
 projections or forward-looking statements we may make to the
 public;

• 

 failure to meet or exceed security analysts’ financial
 projections for our company;

• 

 comments or recommendations made by securities analysts;

• 

 general market conditions;

• 

 perceptions about market conditions in the pharmaceutical
 industry;

• 

 announcements of technological innovations or the results of
 clinical trials or studies;

• 

 changes in marketing, product pricing and sales strategies or
 development of new products by us or our competitors;

• 

 changes in domestic or foreign governmental regulations or
 regulatory approval processes; and

• 

 announcements concerning regulatory compliance and government
 agency reviews.

32

Table of Contents

The volatility of our common stock imposes a greater risk of
capital losses on our shareholders than would a less volatile
stock. In addition, such volatility makes it difficult to
ascribe a stable valuation to a shareholder’s holdings of
our common stock.

Risks Related to Our Industry

 Failure to comply with laws and government regulations
 could adversely affect our ability to operate our
 business.

Virtually all aspects of our activities are regulated by federal
and state statutes and government agencies. The manufacturing,
processing, formulation, packaging, labeling, distribution and
advertising of our products, and disposal of waste products
arising from these activities, are subject to regulation by one
or more federal agencies, including the FDA, the Drug
Enforcement Agency, which we refer to as the “DEA,”
the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Product Safety
Commission, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the
Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA,”), as well as
by foreign governments in countries where we distribute some of
our products.

Noncompliance with applicable FDA policies or requirements could
subject us to enforcement actions, such as suspensions of
manufacturing or distribution, seizure of products, product
recalls, fines, criminal penalties, injunctions, failure to
approve pending drug product applications or withdrawal of
product marketing approvals. Similar civil or criminal penalties
could be imposed by other government agencies, such as the DEA,
the EPA or various agencies of the states and localities in
which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed, and
could have ramifications for our contracts with government
agencies such as the Department of Veterans Affairs or the
Department of Defense. These enforcement actions could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

All manufacturers of human pharmaceutical products are subject
to regulation by the FDA under the authority of the Food, Drug
and Cosmetics Act (the “FDC Act”), or the Public
Health Service Act (the “PHS Act”), or both. New
drugs, as defined in the FDC Act, and new human biological
drugs, as defined in the PHS Act, must be the subject of an
FDA-approved new drug or biologic license application before
they may be marketed in the United States. Some prescription and
other drugs are not the subject of an approved marketing
application but, rather, are marketed subject to the FDA’s
regulatory discretion and/or enforcement policies. Any change in
the FDA’s enforcement discretion and/or policies could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

We manufacture some pharmaceutical products containing
controlled substances and, therefore, are also subject to
statutes and regulations enforced by the DEA and similar state
agencies which impose security, record keeping, reporting and
personnel requirements on us. Additionally, we manufacture
biological drug products for human use and are subject to
regulatory obligations as a result of these aspects of our
business. There are additional FDA and other regulatory policies
and requirements covering issues, such as advertising,
commercially distributing, selling, sampling and reporting
adverse events associated with our products, with which we must
continuously comply. Noncompliance with any of these policies or
requirements could result in enforcement actions which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The FDA has the authority and discretion to withdraw existing
marketing approvals and to review the regulatory status of
marketed products at any time. For example, the FDA may require
an approved marketing application for any drug product marketed
if new information reveals questions about a drug’s safety
or efficacy. All drugs must be manufactured in conformity with
current Good Manufacturing Practices and drug products subject
to an approved application must be manufactured, processed,
packaged, held and labeled in accordance with information
contained in the approved application.

While we believe that all of our currently marketed
pharmaceutical products comply with FDA enforcement policies,
have approval pending or have received the requisite agency
approvals, our marketing

33

Table of Contents

is subject to challenge by the FDA at any time. Through various
enforcement mechanisms, the FDA can ensure that noncomplying
drugs are no longer marketed and that advertising and marketing
materials and campaigns are in compliance with FDA regulations.
In addition, modifications, enhancements, or changes in
manufacturing sites of approved products are in many
circumstances subject to additional FDA approvals which may or
may not be received and which may be subject to a lengthy FDA
review process. Our manufacturing facilities and those of our
third-party manufacturers are continually subject to inspection
by governmental agencies. Manufacturing operations could be
interrupted or halted in any of those facilities if a government
or regulatory authority is unsatisfied with the results of an
inspection. Any interruptions of this type could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
and Liability Act, which we refer to as “CERCLA,” the
EPA can impose liability for the entire cost of cleanup of
contaminated properties upon each or any of the current and
former site owners, site operators or parties who sent waste to
the site, regardless of fault or the legality of the original
disposal activity. In addition, many states, including
Tennessee, Michigan, Wisconsin, Florida and Missouri, have
statutes and regulatory authorities similar to CERCLA and to the
EPA. We have entered into hazardous waste hauling agreements
with licensed third parties to properly dispose of hazardous
wastes. We cannot assure you that we will not be found liable
under CERCLA or other applicable state statutes or regulations
for the costs of undertaking a cleanup at a site to which our
wastes were transported.

We cannot determine what effect changes in regulations,
enforcement positions, statutes or legal interpretations, when
and if promulgated, adopted or enacted, may have on our business
in the future. These changes could, among other things, require
modifications to our manufacturing methods or facilities,
expanded or different labeling, new approvals, the recall,
replacement or discontinuance of certain products, additional
record keeping and expanded documentation of the properties of
certain products and scientific substantiation. These changes,
or new legislation, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

 An increase in product liability claims or product recalls
 could harm our business.

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product
liability claims in the event that the use of our technologies
or products is alleged to have resulted in adverse effects.
These risks exist for products in clinical development and with
respect to products that have received regulatory approval for
commercial sale. While we have taken, and will continue to take,
what we believe are appropriate precautions, we may not be able
to avoid significant product liability exposure. We currently
have product liability insurance in the amount of
$80.0 million for aggregate annual claims including a
$20.0 million self-insured retention; however, we cannot
assure you that the level or breadth of any insurance coverage
will be sufficient to cover fully all potential claims. Also,
adequate insurance coverage might not be available in the future
at acceptable costs, if at all. For example, we are now not able
to obtain product liability insurance with respect to our
products
Menest®,
Delestrogen
®
and
Pitocin
®,
each a women’s healthcare product. With respect to any
product liability claims relating to these products, we could be
responsible for any monetary damages awarded by any court or any
voluntary monetary settlements. Significant judgments against us
for product liability for which we have no insurance could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

Product recalls or product field alerts may be issued at our
discretion or at the discretion of the FDA, other government
agencies or other companies having regulatory authority for
pharmaceutical product sales. From time to time, we may recall
products for various reasons, including failure of our products
to maintain their stability through their expiration dates. Any
recall or product field alert has the potential of damaging the
reputation of the product. To date, these recalls have not been
significant and have not had a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. However, we cannot assure you that the number and
significance of recalls will not increase in the future. Any
significant recalls could materially affect our sales and the
prescription trends for the products and damage

34

Table of Contents

the reputation of the products. In these cases, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could
be materially adversely affected.

 Any reduction in reimbursement levels by managed care
 organizations or other third-party payors may have an adverse
 effect on our revenues.

Commercial success in producing, marketing and selling branded
prescription pharmaceutical products depends, in part, on the
availability of adequate reimbursement from third-party health
care payors, such as the government, private health insurers and
managed care organizations. Third-party payors are increasingly
challenging whether to reimburse certain pharmaceutical products
and medical services. For example, many managed health care
organizations limit reimbursement of pharmaceutical products.
These limits may take the form of formularies with differential
co-pay tiers. The resulting competition among pharmaceutical
companies to maximize their product reimbursement has generally
reduced growth in average selling prices across the industry. We
cannot assure you that our products will be appropriately
reimbursed or included on the formulary lists of managed care
organizations or that downward pricing pressures in the industry
generally will not negatively impact our operations.

The commercial success of some of our products depends, in part,
on whether third-party reimbursement is available for the use of
our products by hospitals, clinics, doctors, pharmacies and
patients. Third-party payors include state and federal
governments, under programs such as Medicaid and other
entitlement programs, as well as managed care organizations,
private insurance plans and health maintenance organizations.
Because of the growing size of the patient population covered by
third party reimbursement, it is important to our business that
we market our products to reimbursers that serve many of these
organizations. Payment or reimbursement of only a portion of the
cost of our prescription products could make our products less
attractive, from a net-cost perspective, to patients, suppliers,
retail pharmacies and prescribing physicians. Managed care
organizations and other third-party payors try to negotiate the
pricing of products to control their costs. Managed care
organizations and pharmacy benefit managers typically develop
reimbursement coverage strategies, including formularies, to
reduce their cost for medications. Formularies can be based on
the prices and/or therapeutic benefits of the available
products. Due to their lower costs, generics receive more
favorable reimbursement. The breadth of the products reimbursed
varies considerably from one managed care organization to
another, and many formularies include alternative and
competitive products or therapies for treatment of particular
medical conditions. Denial of a product from reimbursement can
lead to its sharply reduced usage in the managed care
organization patient population. If our products are not
included within an adequate number of formularies or adequate
reimbursement levels are not provided, or if those policies
increasingly favor generic products, our market share and gross
margins could be negatively affected, as could our overall
business and financial condition.

We have addressed our contract relationship with managed care
organizations in an effort to increase the attractiveness of
reimbursements for our products. We take reserves for the
estimated amounts of rebates we will pay to managed care
organizations each quarter. Any increased usage of our products
through Medicaid or managed care programs will increase the
amount of rebates that we owe. We cannot assure you that our
products will be included on the formulary lists of managed care
organizations or that adverse reimbursement issues will not have
a material effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows.

 If we fail to comply with the safe harbors provided under
 various federal and state laws, our business could be adversely
 affected.

We are subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to
health care “fraud and abuse,” including anti-kickback
laws and false claims laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal
for a prescription drug manufacturer to solicit, offer, receive,
or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to include, the
referral of business, including the purchase or prescription of
a particular drug. The federal government has published
regulations that identify “safe harbors” or exemptions
for certain payment arrangements that do not violate the
anti-kickback statutes. We seek to comply with these safe
harbors. Due to the breadth of

35

Table of Contents

the statutory provisions and the absence of guidance in the form
of regulations or court decisions addressing some of our
practices, it is possible that our practices might be challenged
under anti-kickback or similar laws. False claims laws prohibit
anyone from knowingly (in the civil context), or knowingly and
willfully (in the criminal context), presenting, or causing to
be presented for payment to third-party payors (including
Medicaid and Medicare) claims for reimbursed drugs or services
that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not
provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items
or services. Our activities relating to the sale and marketing
of our products are currently a subject of investigation by the
Office of Inspector General, and as such they are likely to be
subject to scrutiny under these laws.

Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by civil
and/or criminal sanctions, including fines and civil monetary
penalties, as well as the possibility of exclusion from federal
health care programs, including Medicaid and Medicare. Any such
violations could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 In the future, the publication of negative results of
 studies or clinical trials may adversely impact our
 products.

From time to time studies or clinical trials on various aspects
of pharmaceutical products are conducted by academics or others,
including government agencies, the results of which, when
published, may have dramatic effects on the markets for the
pharmaceutical products that are the subject of the study. The
publication of negative results of studies or clinical trials
related to our products or the therapeutic areas in which our
products compete could adversely affect our sales, the
prescription trends for our products and the reputation of our
products. In the event of the publication of negative results of
studies or clinical trials related to our branded pharmaceutical
products or the therapeutic areas in which our products compete,
our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Additionally,
potential write-offs of the intangible assets associated with
the affected products could materially adversely affect our
results of operations.

 New legislation or regulatory proposals may adversely
 affect our revenues.

A number of legislative and regulatory proposals aimed at
changing the health care system, including the cost of
prescription products, importation and reimportation of
prescription products from countries outside the United States
and changes in the levels at which pharmaceutical companies are
reimbursed for sales of their products, have been proposed.
While we cannot predict when or whether any of these proposals
will be adopted or the effect these proposals may have on our
business, these proposals, as well as the adoption of any
proposal, may exacerbate industry-wide pricing pressures and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, in
2000, Congress directed the FDA to adopt regulations allowing
the reimportation of approved drugs originally manufactured in
the United States back into the United States from other
countries where the drugs were sold at a lower price. Although
the Secretary of Health and Human Services has refused to
implement this directive, in July 2003 the House of
Representatives passed a similar bill that does not require the
Secretary of Health and Human Services to act. The reimportation
bills have not yet resulted in any new laws or regulations;
however, these and other initiatives could decrease the price we
receive for our products. Additionally, sales of our products in
the United States could be adversely affected by the importation
of products that some may deem to be equivalent to ours that are
manufactured by others and are available outside the United
States. Many States have implemented or are in the process of
implementing regulations requiring pharmaceutical companies to
provide them with certain marketing and pricing information.
While we intend to comply with these regulations, we are unable
at this time to predict or estimate the effect of these
regulations, if any.

Changes in the Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs
or the amounts paid by those programs for our services may
adversely affect our earnings. These programs are highly
regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes and
cost containment measures. In recent years, changes in these
programs have limited and reduced reimbursement to providers.
The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization
Act of 2003, creates a voluntary prescription drug benefit under
the

36

Table of Contents

Social Security Act, which we refer to as “Medicare Drug
Benefit.” Beginning in 2006, Medicare beneficiaries
entitled to Part A or enrolled in Part B, as well as
certain other Medicare enrollees, are eligible for the Medicare
Drug Benefit. Regulations implementing the Medicare Drug Benefit
were published January 28, 2005. The Medicare Drug Act
requires that the Federal Trade Commission conduct a study and
make recommendations regarding additional legislation that may
be needed concerning the Medicare Drug Benefit. We are unable at
this time to predict or estimate the financial effect of this
new legislation.

 The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, and
 other companies in our industry have much greater resources than
 we do.

In our industry, comparatively smaller pharmaceutical companies
like us compete with large, global pharmaceutical companies with
substantially greater financial resources for the acquisition of
products in development, currently marketed products,
technologies and companies. We cannot assure you that

• 

 we will be able to continue to acquire commercially attractive
 pharmaceutical products, companies or technologies;

• 

 additional competitors will not enter the market; or

• 

 competition for acquisition of products in development,
 currently marketed products, companies and technologies will not
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

We also compete with pharmaceutical companies in marketing and
selling pharmaceutical products. The selling prices of
pharmaceutical products typically decline as competition
increases. Further, other products now in use, developed or
acquired by other pharmaceutical companies may be more effective
or offered at lower prices than our current or future products.
Competitors may also be able to complete the regulatory process
sooner and, therefore, may begin to market their products in
advance of ours. We believe that competition for sales of our
products will continue to be based primarily on product
efficacy, safety, reliability, availability and price.

Competition for Acquisitions and In-License
Opportunities. We compete with other pharmaceutical
companies for product and product line acquisitions and
in-license opportunities. These competitors include Biovail
Corporation, Forest Laboratories, Inc., Medicis Pharmaceutical
Corporation, Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc, Watson
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Wyeth, Pfizer, Inc., Bristol Myers
Squibb, Sanofi Aventis, GlaxoSmithKline and other companies
which either in-license pharmaceutical product opportunities or
compounds, or acquire branded pharmaceutical products and
product lines, including those in development, from other
biotech, pharmaceutical or bio-pharma companies. We cannot
assure you that

• 

 we will be successful in the acquisition, or in-license of
 commercially attractive pharmaceutical opportunities, compounds,
 products, companies or technologies,

• 

 additional competitors will not enter the market,

• 

 competition for acquisition and in-license of pharmaceutical
 opportunities, compounds or products, including products in
 development, currently marketed products, companies and
 technologies will not have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition and results of operations, or

• 

 we will be successful in bringing compounds, products in
 development or other opportunities to commercial success.

Product Competition. Additionally, since our currently
marketed products are generally established and commonly sold,
they are subject to competition from products with similar
qualities.

Our largest product
Altace®
competes in a very competitive and highly genericized market
with other cardiovascular therapies.

Our product
Skelaxin®
competes in a highly genericized market with other muscle
relaxants.

37

Table of Contents

Our product
Sonata®
competes with other insomnia treatments in a highly competitive
market.

Our product
Levoxyl®
competes in a competitive and highly genericized market with
other levothyroxine sodium products.

We anticipate competition from both bovine and recombinant human
thrombin for our product
Thrombin-JMI®
in the near future.

We intend to market these products aggressively by, among other
things:

• 

 detailing and sampling to the primary prescribing physician
 groups, and

• 

 sponsoring physician symposia, including continuing medical
 education seminars.

Many of our branded pharmaceutical products have either a strong
market niche or competitive position. Some of our branded
pharmaceutical products face competition from generic
substitutes.

The manufacturers of generic products typically do not bear the
related research and development costs and, consequently, are
able to offer such products at considerably lower prices than
the branded equivalents. We cannot assure you that any of our
products will remain exclusive without generic competition, or
maintain their market share, gross margins and cash flows as a
result of these efforts, the failure of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

A WARNING ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
These statements relate to analyses and other information which
are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of
amounts that are not yet determinable. These statements also
relate to our future prospects, developments and business
strategies.

These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of
terms and phrases, such as “anticipate,”
“believe,” “could,” “estimate,”
“expect,” “intend,” “may,”
“plan,” “predict,” “project,”
“will” and other similar terms and phrases, including
references to assumptions. These statements are contained in the
“Business,” “Risk Factors,” and
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” sections, as well as
other sections of this report.

Forward-looking statements in this report include, but are not
limited to:

• 

 the future potential of, including anticipated net sales and
 prescription trends for our branded pharmaceutical products,
 particularly
 Altace®,
 Skelaxin
®,
 Thrombin-JMI
®,
 Sonata
®
 and
 Levoxyl
®;

• 

 expectations regarding the enforceability and effectiveness of
 product-related patents, including in particular patents related
 to
 Altace®,
 Skelaxin
®,
 Sonata
®
 and
 Adenoscan
®;

• 

 expected trends and projections with respect to particular
 products, reportable segment and income and expense line items;

• 

 the timeliness and accuracy of wholesale inventory data provided
 by our customers;

• 

 the adequacy of our liquidity and capital resources;

• 

 anticipated capital expenditures;

• 

 the development, approval and successful commercialization of
 Remoxytm
,
 an investigational drug for the treatment of

moderate-to-severe
 chronic pain; binodenoson, our next generation cardiac
 pharmacologic stress-imaging agent; PT-141, an investigational
 new drug for the treatment of erectile dysfunction and female
 sexual dysfunction; T-62, an investigational drug for the
 treatment of neuropathic pain; MRE0094, an investigational drug
 for the topical treatment of chronic diabetic foot ulcers; the
 development of a new formulation of
 Skelaxin
®;
 pre-clinical programs; and product life-cycle development
 projects;

38

Table of Contents

• 

 the development, approval and successful commercialization of a
 diazepam-filled auto-injector, new inhaler for
 Intal®
 and
 Tilade
®
 using the alternative propellant HFA, and an
 Altace
®/diuretic
 combination product;

• 

 our successful execution of our growth strategies;

• 

 anticipated developments and expansions of our business;

• 

 our plans for the manufacture of some of our products, including
 but not limited to, the anticipated expansion of our
 manufacturing capacity for
 Thrombin-JMI®;

• 

 anticipated increases in sales of acquired products or royalty
 revenues;

• 

 the success of our Co-Promotion Agreement with Wyeth;

• 

 the high cost and uncertainty of research, clinical trials and
 other development activities involving pharmaceutical products;

• 

 the development of product line extensions;

• 

 the unpredictability of the duration or future findings and
 determinations of the FDA, including the pending applications
 related to our diazepam-filled auto-injector and a new
 Intal®
 inhaler formulation utilizing HFA, and other regulatory agencies
 worldwide;

• 

 products developed, acquired or in-licensed that may be
 commercialized;

• 

 the intent, belief or current expectations, primarily with
 respect to our future operating performance;

• 

 expectations regarding sales growth, gross margins,
 manufacturing productivity, capital expenditures and effective
 tax rates;

• 

 expectations regarding the outcome of various pending legal
 proceedings including the
 Altace®
 and
 Skelaxin
®
 patent challenges, the SEC and Office of Inspector General
 investigations, other possible governmental investigations,
 securities litigation, and other legal proceedings described in
 this report; and

• 

 expectations regarding our financial condition and liquidity as
 well as future cash flows and earnings.

These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual
results to be materially different from those contemplated by
our forward-looking statements. These known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors are described in detail in the
“Risk Factors” section and in other sections of this
report.