You should carefully consider the risks described below and
 the other information contained in this report, including our
 audited consolidated financial statements and related notes. The
 risks described below are not the only ones facing our company.
 Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently
 deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any
 of the adverse events described in this “Risk Factors”
 section or other sections of this report actually occurs, our
 business, results of operations and financial condition could be
 materially adversely affected, the trading price, if any, of our
 securities could decline and you might lose all or part of your
 investment.

 Risks
 Related to our Business

 If we
 cannot successfully enforce our rights under the patents
 relating to three of our largest products,
 Altace®,
 Skelaxin
®
 and
 Sonata
®,
 and the patent relating to
 Adenoscan
®,
 or if we are unable to secure or enforce our rights under other
 patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other intellectual
 property, additional competitors could enter the market, and
 sales of these products may decline materially.

 Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, any generic pharmaceutical
 manufacturer may file an ANDA with a certification, known as a
 “Paragraph IV certification,” challenging the
 validity or infringement of a patent listed in the FDA’s
 Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence
 Evaluations, which is known as the “FDA’s Orange
 Book,” four years after the pioneer company obtains
 approval of its NDA. Other companies have filed
 Paragraph IV certifications challenging the patents
 associated with several of our largest products, as described
 below.

 • 

 Cobalt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Cobalt”), a
 generic drug manufacturer, filed an ANDA with the FDA seeking
 permission to market a generic version of
 Altace
®
 and filed a Paragraph IV certification alleging invalidity
 of a patent held by us related to
 Altace
®.
 Aventis Pharma Deutschland GmbH (“Aventis”) and we
 filed suit in March 2003, in the District Court for the District
 of Massachusetts to enforce our rights under that patent. The
 parties submitted a joint stipulation of dismissal in April
 2006, and the court granted dismissal. We have received a
 request for information from the U.S. Federal Trade
 Commission (“FTC”) in connection with the dismissal
 without prejudice of our patent infringement litigation against
 Cobalt under the Hatch-Waxman Act of 1984. We are cooperating
 with the FTC in this investigation.

 • 

 Lupin Ltd. (“Lupin”) filed an ANDA with the FDA
 seeking permission to market a generic version of
 Altace
®
 and filed a Paragraph IV certification challenging the validity
 and infringement of a patent related to
 Altace
®,
 and seeking to market its generic version of
 Altace
®
 before expiration of that patent. In July 2005, we filed civil
 actions for infringement of the patent against Lupin. In July
 2006, the validity of the patent was upheld. Lupin filed a
 notice of appeal in July 2006. Pursuant to the current schedule,
 appellate briefing will be completed in March 2007.

 • 

 Eon Labs, Inc. (“Eon Labs”), CorePharma, LLC
 (“CorePharma”) and Mutual Pharmaceutical Co.
 (“Mutual”), Inc. have each filed an ANDA with the FDA
 seeking permission to market a generic version of
 Skelaxin
®
 400 mg tablets. Additionally, Eon Labs’ ANDA seeks
 permission to market a generic version of
 Skelaxin
®
 800 mg tablets. Each has also filed Paragraph IV
 certifications against patents related to
 Skelaxin
®
 and are alleging noninfringement, invalidity and
 unenforceability of those patents. A patent infringement suit
 was filed against Eon Labs in January 2003; against CorePharma
 in March 2003; and against Mutual in March 2004 concerning their
 proposed 400 mg products. Additionally, we filed a separate
 suit against Eon Labs in December 2004 concerning its proposed
 800 mg product. In May 2006 the Mutual case was suspended
 pending the outcome of the FDA activity described below. In June
 2006, the Eon Labs cases were consolidated with the CorePharma
 case.

 In March 2004, we received a copy of a letter from the FDA to
 all ANDA applicants for
 Skelaxin®
 stating that the use listed in the FDA’s Orange Book for a
 patent related to Skelaxin may be deleted from the ANDA
 applicants’ product labeling. We believe that this decision
 is arbitrary, capricious, and inconsistent with the FDA’s
 previous position on this issue. We filed a Citizen Petition in
 March 2004,

 18

Table of Contents

 supplemented in April and July 2004, requesting that the FDA
 rescind that letter, require generic applicants to submit
 Paragraph IV certifications for the patent in question, and
 prohibit the removal of information corresponding to the use
 listed in the Orange Book. We concurrently filed a Petition for
 Stay of Action requesting the FDA to stay approval of any
 generic metaxalone products until the FDA has fully evaluated
 our Citizen Petition. In March 2004, the FDA sent a letter to us
 explaining that our proposed labeling revision, which includes
 references to additional clinical studies relating to food, age,
 and gender effects, was approvable and only required certain
 formatting changes. In April 2004, we submitted amended labeling
 text that incorporated those changes. On the same day, Mutual
 filed a Petition for Stay of Action requesting the FDA to stay
 approval of our proposed labeling revision until the FDA has
 fully evaluated and ruled upon our Citizen Petition, as well as
 all comments submitted in response to that petition. CorePharma,
 Mutual and we have filed responses and supplements to their
 pending Citizen Petitions and responses. In December 2005,
 Mutual filed another supplement with the FDA in which it
 withdrew its prior Petition for Stay of Action, its supplement,
 and its opposition to King’s Citizen Petition. In November
 2006, the FDA approved the revision to the
 Skelaxin®
 labeling. In February 2007, we filed another supplement to
 our pending Citizen Petition to reflect FDA approval of the
 revision to the
 Skelaxin
®
 labeling

 If our Citizen Petition is rejected, there is a substantial
 likelihood that a generic version of
 Skelaxin®
 will enter the market, and our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows could be materially
 adversely affected. In an attempt to mitigate this risk, we have
 entered into an agreement with a generic pharmaceutical company
 to launch an authorized generic of
 Skelaxin
®
 in the event of generic competition. However, we cannot provide
 any assurance regarding the degree to which this strategy will
 be successful, if at all.

 • 

 Sicor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Sicor”), a
 generic drug manufacturer, filed an ANDA with the FDA seeking
 permission to market a generic version of
 Adenoscan
®.
 It also filed a Paragraph IV certification alleging
 invalidity of a patent related to
 Adenoscan
®
 and non-infringement of certain claims of that patent. We and
 Astellas Pharma US, Inc., the exclusive licensee of certain
 rights under the patent, filed suit in May 2005 against Sicor
 and its parents/affiliates Sicor, Inc.,
 Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (“Teva”) and Teva
 Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd., to enforce our rights under the
 patent. In May 2006, Sicor stipulated to infringement of the
 asserted claims of the patent. Trial in this action began on
 February 12, 2007.

 • 

 Teva filed an ANDA with the FDA seeking permission to
 market a generic version of
 Sonata
®,
 as well as a Paragraph IV certification challenging the
 validity and enforceability of a patent related to Sonata which
 expires in June 2008. We filed suit against Teva to enforce our
 rights under that patent. In September 2006, the parties filed a
 stipulation with the Court in which Teva admitted infringement
 of the patent. In October 2006, Teva filed a summary judgment
 motion which the Court denied in January 2007.

 If any of these Paragraph IV challenges succeeds, our
 affected product would face generic competition and its sales
 would likely decline materially. Should sales decline, we may
 have to write off a portion or all of the intangible assets
 associated with the affected product.

 For additional information about these Paragraph IV
 challenges, please see Note 18 “Commitments and
 Contingencies” in Part IV Item 15(a)(1) “Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules.”

 We may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary
 patent protection for other of our products or for products and
 technologies we develop or license. In addition, our competitors
 may develop products similar to ours, including generic
 products, using methods and technologies that are beyond the
 scope of our intellectual property protection, which could
 materially reduce our sales.

 Although most of our revenue is generated by products not
 currently subject to competition from generic products, there is
 no proprietary protection for many of our branded pharmaceutical
 products, and generic substitutes for many of these products are
 sold by other pharmaceutical companies. Further, we also rely
 upon trade secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how and
 continuing technological innovation in order to maintain

 19

Table of Contents

 our competitive position with respect to some products. We
 cannot assure you that others will not independently develop
 substantially equivalent proprietary technology and techniques
 or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets and technology, or
 that we can adequately protect our trade secrets and technology.

 If we are unable to secure or enforce patent rights, trademarks,
 trade secrets or other intellectual property, there could be a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations.

 Some of our supply agreements or purchase orders, including
 those related to
 Altace®
 and
 Skelaxin
®,
 require us to purchase certain minimum levels of active
 ingredients or finished goods. If we are unable to maintain
 market exclusivity for our products, if our product life-cycle
 management is not successful, or if we fail to sell our products
 in accordance with the forecasts we develop as required by our
 supply agreements, we may incur losses in connection with the
 purchase commitments under the supply agreements or purchase
 orders. In the event we incur losses in connection with the
 purchase commitments under our supply agreements or purchase
 orders, there may be a material adverse effect upon our results
 of operations and cash flows.

 Six of
 our products plus royalty payments presently account for 84.0%
 of our revenues from continuing operations and a decrease in
 sales or royalty income in the future would have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations.

 In
 General.  Altace
®,
 Skelaxin
®,
 Thrombin-JMI
®,
 Levoxyl
®,
 Sonata
®,
 EpiPen
®
 and royalty revenues for the last twelve months ended
 December 31, 2006 accounted for 32.8%, 20.9%, 12.4%, 5.6%,
 4.3%, 4.0% and 4.0% of our total revenues from continuing
 operations, respectively, or 84.0% in total. We believe that
 these sources of revenue may constitute a significant portion of
 our revenues for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, any factor
 adversely affecting sales of any of these products or products
 for which we receive royalty payments could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. For
 example, with the amendment of our Co-Promotion Agreement with
 Wyeth, we have assumed full responsibility for the selling and
 marketing of
 Altace
®.
 If we do not sell and market
 Altace
®
 effectively, there may be a material adverse effect on our
 results of operations. Further, the agreements associated with
 some sources of royalty income may be terminated upon short
 notice and without cause.

 Product Competition.  Additionally, since our
 currently marketed products are generally established and
 commonly sold, they are subject to competition from products
 with similar qualities.

 Our largest selling product
 Altace®
 competes in a very competitive and highly genericized market
 with other cardiovascular therapies.

 Our product
 Skelaxin®
 competes in a highly genericized market with other muscle
 relaxants.

 Our product
 Sonata®
 competes with other insomnia treatments in a highly competitive
 market.

 Our product
 Levoxyl®
 competes in a competitive and highly genericized market with
 other levothyroxine sodium products.

 We anticipate competition from bovine, recombinant human and
 human thrombin for our product
 Thrombin-JMI®
 in the near future. Omrix Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. filed a
 Biologics Licensing Application (“BLA”) in early
 November 2006 for its human thrombin product. Zymogenetics, Inc.
 filed a BLA for its recombinant human thrombin product in
 December 2006.

 Many of our branded pharmaceutical products have either a strong
 market niche or competitive position. Some of our branded
 pharmaceutical products face competition from generic
 substitutes.

 The manufacturers of generic products typically do not bear the
 related research and development costs and, consequently, are
 able to offer such products at considerably lower prices than
 the branded equivalents. We cannot assure you that any of our
 products will remain exclusive without generic competition, or
 maintain their market share, gross margins and cash flows, the
 failure of which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 EpiPen.  Dey, L.P. markets our
 EpiPen
®
 auto-injector through a supply agreement with us that expires on
 December 31, 2015. Under the terms of the agreement, we
 grant Dey the exclusive right and license to market,

 20

Table of Contents

 distribute and sell
 EpiPen®,
 either directly or through subdistributors. A failure by Dey to
 successfully market and distribute
 EpiPen
®
 or an increase in competition could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 If we
 cannot implement our strategy to grow our business through
 increased sales, acquisitions, development and in-licensing, our
 business or competitive position in the pharmaceutical industry
 may suffer.

 Drug development is time-consuming and expensive. Only a small
 percentage of chemical compounds discovered by researchers prove
 to be both medically effective and safe enough to become an
 approved medicine. The process from discovery to regulatory
 approval typically takes 10 to 15 years or longer. Drug
 candidates can fail at any stage of the process, and even
 late-stage product candidates sometimes fail to receive
 regulatory approval.

 Clinical trials are conducted in a series of sequential phases,
 with each phase designed to address a specific research
 question. In Phase I clinical trials, researchers test a
 new drug or treatment in a small group of people to evaluate the
 drug’s safety, determine a safe dosage range, and identify
 side effects. In Phase II clinical trials, researchers give
 the drug or treatment to a larger population to assess
 effectiveness and to further evaluate safety. In Phase III
 clinical trials, researchers give the drug or treatment to an
 even larger population to confirm its effectiveness, monitor
 side effects, compare it to commonly used treatments, and
 collect information that will allow the drug or treatment to be
 used safely. The results of Phase III clinical trials are
 pivotal for purposes of obtaining FDA approval of a new product.

 Our current strategy is to increase sales of our existing
 products and to enhance our competitive standing through
 acquisitions or in-licensing of products, either in development
 or previously approved by the FDA, that complement our business
 and enable us to promote and sell new products through existing
 marketing and distribution channels. Moreover, since we engage
 in limited proprietary research activity with respect to the
 development of new chemical entities, we rely heavily on
 purchasing or licensing products in development and FDA-approved
 products from other companies.

 Development projects, including those for which we have
 collaboration agreements with third parties, include the
 following:

 • 

 Remoxytm
,
 an investigational drug for the treatment of moderate to severe
 chronic pain;

 • 

 binodenoson, a myocardial pharmacologic stress imaging agent;

 • 

 Vanquixtm
,
 a diazepam-filled auto-injector;

 • 

 bremelanotide (which we previously referred to as PT-141), an
 investigational drug for the treatment of erectile dysfunction
 and female sexual dysfunction;

 • 

 MRE0094, an investigational drug for the topical treatment of
 chronic diabetic foot ulcers;

 • 

 T-62, an investigational drug for the treatment of neuropathic
 pain;

 • 

 a new inhaler for
 Intal®
 using the alternative propellant hydrofluoroalkane
 (“HFA”) for which the FDA has issued an approvable
 letter;

 • 

 a potential new formulation of metaxalone;

 • 

 a novel formulation of ramipril for which an NDA is pending;

 • 

 an
 Altace®/diuretic
 combination product; and

 • 

 a program to evaluate the safety and efficacy of
 Altace®
 in children.

 We compete with other pharmaceutical companies, including large
 pharmaceutical companies with financial, human and other
 resources substantially greater than ours, in the development
 and licensing of new products. We cannot assure you that we will
 be able to

 21

Table of Contents

 • 

 engage in product life-cycle management to develop new
 indications and line extensions for existing and acquired
 products,

 • 

 successfully develop, license or commercialize new products on a
 timely basis or at all,

 • 

 continue to develop products already in development in a cost
 effective manner, or

 • 

 obtain any FDA approvals necessary to successfully implement the
 strategies described above.

 If we are not successful in the development or licensing of new
 products already in development, including obtaining any
 necessary FDA approvals, our business, financial condition, and
 results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

 Further, other companies may license or develop products or may
 acquire technologies for the development of products that are
 the same as or similar to the products we have in development or
 that we license. Because there is rapid technological change in
 the industry and because many other companies may have more
 financial resources than we do, other companies may

 • 

 develop or license their products more rapidly than we can,

 • 

 complete any applicable regulatory approval process sooner than
 we can,

 • 

 market or license their products before we can market or license
 our products, or

 • 

 offer their newly developed or licensed products at prices lower
 than our prices.

 Any of these events would thereby have a negative effect on the
 sales of our existing, newly developed or licensed products. The
 inability to effect acquisitions or licenses of additional
 branded products in development and FDA-approved products could
 limit the overall growth of our business. Furthermore, even if
 we obtain rights to a pharmaceutical product or acquire a
 company, we may not be able to generate sales sufficient to
 create a profit or otherwise avoid a loss. Technological
 developments or the FDA’s approval of new products or of
 new therapeutic indications for existing products may make our
 existing products or those products we are licensing or
 developing obsolete or may make them more difficult to market
 successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on
 results of operations and cash flows.

 If we
 cannot integrate the business of companies or products we
 acquire, or appropriately and successfully manage and coordinate
 third-party collaborative development activities, our business
 may suffer.

 The integration into our business of in-licensed or acquired
 assets or businesses, as well as the coordination and
 collaboration of research and development, sales and marketing
 efforts with third parties, requires significant management
 attention, maintenance of adequate operational, financial and
 management information systems, integration of systems that we
 acquire into our existing systems, and verification that the
 acquired systems meet our standards for internal control over
 financial reporting. Our future results will also depend in part
 on our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified employees
 to manage expanded operations efficiently and in accordance with
 applicable regulatory standards. If we cannot manage our
 third-party collaborations and integrate in-licensed and
 acquired assets successfully, or, if we do not establish and
 maintain an appropriate administrative, support and control
 infrastructure to support these activities, this could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows and on our ability to make
 the necessary certifications with respect to our internal
 controls.

 We are
 required annually, or on an interim basis as needed, to review
 the carrying value of our intangible assets and goodwill for
 impairment. If sales of our products decline because of, for
 example, generic competition or an inability to manufacture or
 obtain sufficient supply of product, the intangible asset value
 of any declining product could become impaired.

 As of December 31, 2006, we had approximately
 $972.5 million of net intangible assets and goodwill.
 Intangible assets primarily include the net book value of
 various product rights, trademarks, patents and other intangible
 rights. If a change in circumstances causes us to lower our
 future sales forecast for a product, we may be required to write
 off a portion of the net book value of the intangible assets
 associated with that product. In evaluating goodwill for
 impairment, we estimate the fair value of our individual
 business reporting

 22

Table of Contents

 units on a discounted cash flow basis. In the event the value of
 an individual business reporting unit declines significantly, it
 could result in a non-cash impairment charge. Any impairment of
 the net book value of any intangible asset or goodwill,
 depending on the size, could result in a material adverse effect
 on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 We
 have entered into agreements with manufacturers
 and/or
 distributors of generic pharmaceutical products with whom we are
 presently engaged, or have previously been engaged in
 litigation, and these agreements could subject us to claims that
 we have violated federal

and/or state
 anti-trust laws.

 We have negotiated and entered into a number of agreements with
 manufacturers
 and/or
 distributors of generic pharmaceutical products, some of whom
 are presently engaged or have previously been engaged in
 litigation with us. Governmental

and/or
 private parties may allege that these arrangements and
 activities in furtherance of the success of these arrangements
 violate applicable state or federal anti-trust laws.
 Alternatively, courts could interpret these laws in a manner
 contrary to current understandings of such laws. If a court or
 other governmental body were to conclude that a violation of
 these laws had occurred, any liability based on such a finding
 could be material and adverse and could be preceded or followed
 by private litigation such as class action litigation.

 We have received a request for information from the FTC in
 connection with the dismissal without prejudice of our patent
 infringement litigation against Cobalt under the Hatch-Waxman
 Act of 1984. We are cooperating with the FTC in this
 investigation.

 We
 could be required to pay significant sums in connection with the
 derivative litigation or the continuing SEC investigation, or
 the SEC could impose other sanctions on us.

 Subsequent to the announcement of the SEC investigation
 described in “SEC Investigation” included in
 Note 18, “Commitments and Contingencies,” in Part
 IV, Item 15(a)(l), “Exhibits and Financial Statement
 Schedules,” beginning in March 2003, four purported
 shareholder derivative complaints were filed in Tennessee state
 court alleging a breach of fiduciary duty, among other things,
 by some of our current and former officers and directors in
 connection with our underpayment of rebates owed to Medicaid and
 other governmental pricing programs, and certain transactions
 between us and the Benevolent Fund, a non-profit organization
 affiliated with certain former members of our senior management.
 These cases have been consolidated, and on October 11,
 2006, plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed Brian Markison and
 Elizabeth Greetham. Discovery with respect to the remaining
 claims in the case has commenced. No trial date has been set.

 Beginning in March 2003, three purported shareholder derivative
 complaints were likewise filed in Tennessee federal court,
 asserting claims similar to those alleged in the state
 derivative litigation. These cases have been consolidated, and
 on December 2, 2003 plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended
 complaint. On March 9, 2004, the court entered an order
 indefinitely staying these cases in favor of the state
 derivative action.

 The SEC investigation of our previously disclosed errors
 relating to reserves for product returns is continuing, and it
 is possible that this investigation could result in the
 SEC’s imposing fines or other sanctions on us.

 We are currently unable to predict the outcome or reasonably
 estimate the range of potential loss, if any, in the pending
 litigation. If we were not to prevail in the pending litigation,
 or if the SEC imposes any sanctions on us, neither of which we
 can predict or reasonably estimate at this time, we could be
 required to expend funds otherwise available for operation of
 the business.

 23

Table of Contents

 Compliance
 with the terms and conditions of our corporate integrity
 agreement with the Office of Inspector General of the United
 States Department of Health and Human Services requires
 significant resources and management time and, if we fail to
 comply, we could be subject to penalties or, under certain
 circumstances, excluded from government health care programs,
 which could materially reduce our sales.

 In October 2005, as part of our settlement of the government
 pricing investigation of our company we entered into a five-year
 corporate integrity agreement (“CIA”) with the Office
 of Inspector General of the United States Department of Health
 and Human Services (“HHS/OIG”). For additional
 information, please see Note 18, “Commitments and
 Contingencies,” in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1),
 “Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.” The
 purpose of the CIA, which applies to all of our
 U.S. subsidiaries and employees, is to promote compliance
 with the federal health care and procurement programs in which
 we participate, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the
 Medicare Program, the 340B Drug Pricing Program, and the
 Veterans Administration Pricing Program.

 In addition to the challenges associated with complying with the
 regulations applicable to each of these programs (as discussed
 below), we are required, among other things, to keep in place
 our current compliance program, provide specified training to
 employees, retain an independent review organization to conduct
 periodic audits of our Medicaid Rebate calculations and our
 automated systems, processes, policies and practices related to
 government pricing calculations, and to provide periodic reports
 to HHS/OIG.

 Implementing and maintaining the broad array of processes,
 policies, and procedures necessary to comply with the CIA has
 required, and is expected to continue to require, a significant
 portion of management’s attention as well as the
 application of significant resources.

 Failing to meet the CIA obligations could have serious
 consequences for us including stipulated monetary penalties for
 each instance of non-compliance. In addition, flagrant or
 repeated violations of the CIA could result in our being
 excluded from participating in government health care programs,
 which could materially reduce our sales.

 Unfavorable
 results in pending and future claims and litigation matters
 could have an adverse impact on us.

 We are named as a party in various lawsuits, as are certain of
 our current and former directors and certain of our former
 officers. For information about our pending material litigation
 matters, please see Note 18, “Commitments and
 Contingencies,” in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1),
 “Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.” While we
 intend to vigorously defend ourselves in these actions, we could
 be required to pay material sums in connection with judgments or
 settlements related to these matters, or they could otherwise
 have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
 operations and financial condition.

 Any
 significant delays or difficulties in the manufacture of, or
 supply of materials for, our products may reduce our profit
 margins and revenues, limit the sales of our products, or harm
 our products’ reputations.

 Many of our product lines, including
 Altace®,
 Skelaxin
®,
 Sonata
®,
 Intal
®,
 Tilade
®,
 Synercid
®
 and
 Cortisporin
®,
 are currently manufactured in part or entirely by third parties.
 Our dependence upon third parties for the manufacture of our
 products may adversely affect our profit margins or may result
 in unforeseen delays or other problems beyond our control. For
 example, if any of these third parties are not in compliance
 with applicable regulations, the manufacture of our products
 could be delayed, halted or otherwise adversely affected. If for
 any reason we are unable to obtain or retain third-party
 manufacturers on commercially acceptable terms, we may not be
 able to distribute our products as planned. If we encounter
 delays or difficulties with contract manufacturers in producing
 or packaging our products, the distribution, marketing and
 subsequent sales of these products could be adversely affected,
 and we may have to seek alternative sources of supply or abandon
 or sell product lines on unsatisfactory terms. We might not be
 able to enter into alternative supply arrangements at
 commercially acceptable rates, if at all. We also cannot assure
 you that the manufacturers we use will be able to provide us
 with sufficient quantities of our products or that the products
 supplied to us will meet our specifications.

 24

Table of Contents

 We have experienced, and anticipate that we will continue to
 experience, periods of stock-outs in our inventory of
 Sonata®.
 This product is manufactured for us by Wyeth. Wyeth has been
 unable to timely and consistently supply our forecasted need for
 Sonata
®
 since December 2006. It is anticipated that the problems
 with production of
 Sonata
®
 experienced by Wyeth will continue for an indeterminable period
 of time, leaving us, from time to time, if not continuously,
 without sufficient supply of product to meet demand. Our
 management is working with Wyeth to address these problems and
 transfer the manufacture of
 Sonata
®
 to another manufacturer, but we currently do not have a solution
 that will assure us of consistent supply. Given the competitive
 market for this product, we have and will likely continue to
 experience permanent erosion of our customer base, market share
 and sales.

 We have completed construction of facilities to produce
 Bicillin®
 at our Rochester, Michigan location. We began commercial
 production of
 BicillinLA
®
 and began shipping this product to our customers during the
 fourth quarter of 2006. We expect to begin commercial production
 of
 BicillinCR
®
 during the third quarter of 2007. The third-party manufacturer
 that produced
 Bicillin
®
 for us closed its plant. If our inventory of
 BicillinCR
®
 is not sufficient to sustain demand while we are obtaining
 regulatory authorizations or experience production difficulties
 at our
 Bicillin
®
 manufacturing facility, sales of this product may be reduced or
 the market for the product may be permanently diminished, either
 of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For
 the last twelve months ended December 31, 2006, net sales
 of
 Bicillin
®
 were $42.8 million, representing 2.2% of our total revenues.

 We are currently working to expand our production capacity for
 Thrombin-JMI®.
 We cannot assure you that our plans to expand our production
 capacity for
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 will be successful

and/or
 timely. If we cannot successfully and timely expand our
 production capacity for
 Thrombin-JMI
®,
 our ability to increase production of
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 will be limited, which could in turn limit our unit sales growth
 for this product.

 Sales
 of
 Thrombin-JMI®
 may be affected by the perception of risks associated with some
 of the raw materials used in its manufacture; if we are unable
 to successfully maintain purification procedures at our
 facilities that are in accordance with the FDA’s
 expectations for biological products generally, the FDA could
 limit our ability to manufacture biological products at those
 facilities.

 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2006, our product
 Thrombin-JMI®
 accounted for 12.4% of our total revenues from continuing
 operations. The source material for
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 comes from bovine plasma and lung tissue which has been
 certified by the United States Department of Agriculture for use
 in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products. Bovine-sourced
 materials, particularly those from outside the United States,
 may be of some concern because of potential transmission of
 bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or “BSE.” However,
 we have taken precautions to minimize the risks of contamination
 from BSE in our source materials. Our principal precaution is
 the use of bovine materials only from FDA-approved sources in
 the United States. Accordingly, all source animals used in our
 production of
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 are of United States origin. Additionally, source animals used
 in production of
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 are generally less than 18 months of age (BSE has not been
 identified in animals less than 30 months of age).

 We have two approved vendors as sources of supply of the bovine
 raw materials. Any interruption or delay in the supply of these
 materials could adversely affect the sales of
 Thrombin-JMI®.
 We will continue surveillance of the source and believe that the
 risk of BSE contamination in the source materials for
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 is very low. While we believe that our procedures and those of
 our vendor for the supply, testing and handling of the bovine
 material comply with all federal, state, and local regulations,
 we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from
 these materials. There are high levels of global public concern
 about BSE. Physicians could determine not to administer
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 because of the perceived risk, which could adversely affect our
 sales of the product. Any injuries resulting from BSE
 contamination could expose us to extensive liability. Also,
 there is currently no alternative to the bovine-sourced
 materials for
 Thrombin-JMI
®.
 If public concern for the risk of BSE infection in the United
 States should increase, the manufacture and sale of
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

 25

Table of Contents

 The FDA expects manufacturers of biological products to have
 validated processes capable of removing extraneous viral
 contaminants to a high level of assurance. As a result, many
 manufacturers of biologics are currently engaged in developing
 procedures to remove potential extraneous viral contaminants
 from their products. We have developed and implemented
 appropriate processing steps to achieve maximum assurance for
 the removal of potential extraneous viral contaminants from
 Thrombin-JMI®,
 which does not include BSE because it is not a viral contaminant
 and we gained FDA approval for these processes. If we are unable
 to successfully maintain these processing steps in accordance
 with the FDA’s expectations, the manufacture and sale of
 Thrombin-JMI
®
 and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

 Wholesaler
 and distributor buying patterns and other factors may cause our
 quarterly results to fluctuate, and these fluctuations may
 adversely affect our short-term results. Further, our access to
 wholesaler and distributor inventory levels and sales data
 affects our ability to estimate certain reserves included in our
 financial statements.

 Our results of operations, including, in particular, product
 sales revenue, may vary from quarter to quarter due to many
 factors. Sales to wholesalers and distributors represent a
 substantial portion of our total sales. Buying patterns of our
 wholesalers and distributors may vary from time to time. In the
 event wholesalers and distributors with whom we do business
 determine to limit their purchases of our products, sales of our
 products could be adversely affected. For example, in advance of
 an anticipated price increase, customers may order
 pharmaceutical products in larger than normal quantities. The
 ordering of excess quantities in any quarter could cause sales
 of some of our branded pharmaceutical products to be lower in
 subsequent quarters than they would have been otherwise. As part
 of our ongoing efforts to facilitate improved management of
 wholesale inventory levels of our branded pharmaceutical
 products, we have entered into inventory management and data
 services agreements with each of our three key wholesale
 customers and other wholesale customers. These agreements
 provide wholesalers incentives to manage inventory levels and
 provide timely and accurate data with respect to inventory
 levels held, and valuable data regarding sales and marketplace
 activity. We rely on the timeliness and accuracy of the data
 that each customer provides to us on a regular basis pursuant to
 these agreements. If our wholesalers fail to provide us with
 timely and accurate data in accordance with the agreements, our
 estimates for certain reserves included in our financial
 statements could be materially and adversely affected.

 Other factors that may affect quarterly results include, but are
 not limited to, expenditures related to the acquisition, sale
 and promotion of pharmaceutical products, a changing customer
 base, the availability and cost of raw materials, interruptions
 in supply by third-party manufacturers, new products introduced
 by us or our competitors, the mix of products we sell, sales and
 marketing expenditures, product recalls, competitive pricing
 pressures and general economic and industry conditions that may
 affect customer demand. We cannot assure you that we will be
 successful in maintaining or improving our profitability or
 avoiding losses in any future period.

 If we
 are unable to obtain approval of an HFA propellant for
 Intal®,
 our sales of this product could be adversely
 affected.

 Under government regulations, chlorofluorocarbon compounds are
 being phased out because of environmental concerns. Our
 Intal®
 product currently uses these compounds as propellants. The FDA
 has issued an approvable letter with respect to the new drug
 application, or “NDA,” covering a new inhaler for
 Intal
®
 using the alternative propellant HFA. The approvable letter
 provides that final approval of the NDA for
 Intal
®
 HFA is subject to addressing certain FDA comments solely
 pertaining to the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls section
 of the NDA covering the product. In the event we cannot also
 obtain final approval for alternative propellants for
 Intal
®
 before the final phase-out date for use of chlorofluorocarbon
 compounds or if we are unable to maintain an adequate supply of
 chlorofluorocarbon compounds for the production of these
 products prior to this date, our ability to market and sell this
 product could be materially adversely affected.

 26

Table of Contents

 Our
 relationships with the U.S. Department of Defense and other
 government entities subject us to risks associated with doing
 business with the government.

 All U.S. government contracts provide that they may be
 terminated for the convenience of the government as well as for
 default. Our Meridian Medical Technologies segment has
 pharmaceutical products that are presently sold primarily to the
 U.S. Department of Defense (“DoD”) under an
 Industrial Base Maintenance Contract (“IBMC”). The
 current IBMC expires in July 2007. Although we have reason to
 believe the DoD will renew the IBMC based on our relationship of
 many years, we cannot assure you that they will. In the event
 the DoD does not renew the IBMC, our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
 materially adversely affected. Additionally, the unexpected
 termination of one or more of our significant government
 contracts could result in a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows. A surge capability provision allows for the coverage of
 defense mobilization requirements in the event of rapid military
 deployment. If this surge capability provision becomes
 operative, we may be required to devote more of our Meridian
 Medical Technologies segment manufacturing capacity to the
 production of products for the government, which could result in
 less manufacturing capacity being devoted to products in this
 segment with higher profit margins.

 Our supply contracts with the DoD are subject to post-award
 audit and potential price determination. These audits may
 include a review of our performance on the contract, our pricing
 practices, our cost structure and our compliance with applicable
 laws, regulations and standards. Any costs found to be
 improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be
 reimbursed, while costs already reimbursed must be refunded.
 Therefore, a post-award audit or price redetermination could
 result in an adjustment to our revenues. From time to time the
 DoD makes claims for pricing adjustments with respect to
 completed contracts. If a government audit uncovers improper or
 illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal
 penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of
 contracts, forfeitures of profits, suspension of payments, fines
 and suspension or disqualification from doing business with the
 government.

 Other risks involved in government sales include the
 unpredictability in funding for various government programs and
 the risks associated with changes in procurement policies and
 priorities. Reductions in defense budgets may result in
 reductions in our revenues. We also provide our nerve agent
 antidote auto-injectors to a number of state agencies and local
 communities for homeland defense against chemical agent
 terrorist attacks. Changes in governmental and agency
 procurement policies and priorities may also result in a
 reduction in government funding for programs involving our
 auto-injectors. A loss in government funding of these programs
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 shareholder rights plan, charter and bylaws discourage
 unsolicited takeover proposals and could prevent shareholders
 from realizing a premium on their common stock.

 We have a shareholder rights plan that may have the effect of
 discouraging unsolicited takeover proposals. The rights issued
 under the shareholder rights plan would cause substantial
 dilution to a person or group which attempts to acquire us on
 terms not approved in advance by our Board of Directors. In
 addition, our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may
 discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may
 consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include

 • 

 a classified Board of Directors;

 • 

 the ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of
 and issue new series of preferred stock;

 • 

 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our
 Board of Directors; and

 • 

 special voting requirements for the amendment of our charter and
 bylaws.

 We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Tennessee
 laws, each of which could delay or prevent a change of control.
 Together these provisions and the rights plan may discourage
 transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium
 over prevailing market prices for our common stock.

 27

Table of Contents

 At
 times, our stock price has been volatile, and such volatility in
 the future could result in substantial losses for our
 investors.

 The trading price of our common stock has at times been
 volatile. The stock market in general and the market for the
 securities of emerging pharmaceutical companies such as King, in
 particular, have experienced extreme volatility. Many factors
 contribute to this volatility, including

 • 

 variations in our results of operations;

 • 

 perceived risks and uncertainties concerning our business;

 • 

 announcements of earnings;

 • 

 developments in the governmental investigations or derivative
 litigation;

 • 

 the commencement of, or adverse developments in, any material
 litigation;

 • 

 failure to meet timelines for product development or other
 projections or forward-looking statements we may make to the
 public;

 • 

 failure to meet or exceed security analysts’ financial
 projections for our company;

 • 

 comments or recommendations made by securities analysts;

 • 

 general market conditions;

 • 

 perceptions about market conditions in the pharmaceutical
 industry;

 • 

 announcements of technological innovations or the results of
 clinical trials or studies;

 • 

 changes in marketing, product pricing and sales strategies or
 development of new products by us or our competitors;

 • 

 changes in domestic or foreign governmental regulations or
 regulatory approval processes; and

 • 

 announcements concerning regulatory compliance and government
 agency reviews.

 The volatility of our common stock imposes a greater risk of
 capital losses on our shareholders than would a less volatile
 stock. In addition, such volatility makes it difficult to
 ascribe a stable valuation to a shareholder’s holdings of
 our common stock.

 Risks
 Related to Our Industry

 Failure
 to comply with laws and government regulations could adversely
 affect our ability to operate our business.

 Virtually all of our activities are regulated by federal and
 state statutes and government agencies. The manufacturing,
 processing, formulation, packaging, labeling, distribution and
 advertising of our products, and disposal of waste products
 arising from these activities, are subject to regulation by one
 or more federal agencies, including the FDA, the Drug
 Enforcement Agency, or “DEA,” the Federal Trade
 Commission, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the
 Department of Agriculture, the Occupational Safety and Health
 Administration, and the Environmental Protection Agency
 (“EPA”), as well as by foreign governments in
 countries where we distribute some of our products.

 Failure to comply with the policies or requirements established
 by these agencies could subject us to enforcement actions or
 other consequences. For example, noncompliance with applicable
 FDA policies or requirements could subject us to suspensions of
 manufacturing or distribution, seizure of products, product
 recalls, fines, criminal penalties, injunctions, failure to
 approve pending drug product applications or withdrawal of
 product marketing approvals. Similar civil or criminal penalties
 could be imposed by other government agencies, such as the DEA,
 the EPA or various agencies of the states and localities in
 which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed, and
 could have ramifications for our contracts with government
 agencies such as the Department of Veterans Affairs or the
 Department of Defense.

 28

Table of Contents

 All manufacturers of human pharmaceutical products are subject
 to regulation by the FDA under the authority of the Food, Drug
 and Cosmetics Act (the “FDC Act”), or the Public
 Health Service Act (the “PHS Act”), or both. New
 drugs, as defined in the FDC Act, and new human biological
 drugs, as defined in the PHS Act, must be the subject of an
 FDA-approved new drug or biologic license application before
 they may be marketed in the United States. Some prescription and
 other drugs are not the subject of an approved marketing
 application but, rather, are marketed subject to the FDA’s
 regulatory discretion
 and/or
 enforcement policies.

 We manufacture some pharmaceutical products containing
 controlled substances and, therefore, are also subject to
 statutes and regulations enforced by the DEA and similar state
 agencies which impose security, record keeping, reporting and
 personnel requirements on us. Additionally, we manufacture
 biological drug products for human use and are subject to
 regulatory obligations as a result of these aspects of our
 business. There are additional FDA and other regulatory policies
 and requirements covering issues, such as advertising,
 commercially distributing, selling, sampling and reporting
 adverse events associated with our products, with which we must
 continuously comply.

 The FDA has the authority and discretion to withdraw existing
 marketing approvals and to review the regulatory status of
 marketed products at any time. For example, the FDA may require
 withdrawal of an approved marketing application for any drug
 product marketed if new information reveals questions about a
 drug’s safety or efficacy. All drugs must be manufactured
 in conformity with current Good Manufacturing Practices and drug
 products subject to an approved application must be
 manufactured, processed, packaged, held and labeled in
 accordance with information contained in the approved
 application.

 While we believe that all of our currently marketed
 pharmaceutical products comply with FDA enforcement policies,
 have approval pending or have received the requisite agency
 approvals, our marketing is subject to challenge by the FDA at
 any time. Through various enforcement mechanisms, the FDA can
 ensure that noncomplying drugs are no longer marketed and that
 advertising and marketing materials and campaigns are in
 compliance with FDA regulations. In addition, modifications,
 enhancements, or changes in manufacturing sites of approved
 products are in many circumstances subject to additional FDA
 approvals which may or may not be received and which may be
 subject to a lengthy FDA review process. Our manufacturing
 facilities and those of our third-party manufacturers are
 continually subject to inspection by governmental agencies.
 Manufacturing operations could be interrupted or halted in any
 of those facilities if a government or regulatory authority is
 unsatisfied with the results of an inspection. Any interruptions
 of this type could result in materially reduced sales of our
 products or increased manufacturing costs.

 Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
 and Liability Act, “CERCLA,” the EPA can impose
 liability for the entire cost of cleanup of contaminated