You should carefully consider the risks described below and
 the other information contained in this report, including our
 audited consolidated financial statements and related notes. The
 risks described below are not the only ones facing our company.
 Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently
 deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any
 of the adverse events described in this “Risk Factors”
 section or other sections of this report actually occurs, our
 business, results of operations and financial condition could be
 materially adversely affected, the trading price, if any, of our
 securities could decline and you might lose all or part of your
 investment.

 Risks
 Related to Our Businesses

 The
 uncertainty and expense of the drug development process, actions
 by our competitors and regulatory agencies and other factors may
 adversely affect our ability to implement our strategy to grow
 our business through increased sales, acquisitions, development
 and in-licensing, and, as a result, our business or competitive
 position in the pharmaceutical industry may
 suffer.

 Drug development is time-consuming and expensive. Only a small
 percentage of chemical compounds discovered by researchers prove
 to be both medically effective and safe enough to become an
 approved medicine. The process from discovery to regulatory
 approval typically takes 10 to 15 years or longer. Drug
 candidates can fail at any stage of the process, and even
 late-stage product candidates sometimes fail to receive
 regulatory approval.

 Clinical trials are conducted in a series of sequential phases,
 with each phase designed to address a specific research
 question. In Phase I clinical trials, researchers test a new
 drug or treatment in a small group of people to evaluate the
 drug’s safety, determine a safe dosage range, and identify
 side effects. In Phase II clinical trials, researchers give
 the drug or treatment to a larger population to assess
 effectiveness and to further evaluate safety. In Phase III
 clinical trials, researchers give the drug or treatment to an
 even larger population to confirm its effectiveness, monitor
 side effects, compare it to commonly used treatments, and
 collect information that will allow the drug or treatment to be
 used safely. The results of Phase III clinical trials are
 pivotal for purposes of obtaining FDA approval of a new product.

 The processes by which regulatory approvals are obtained from
 the FDA to market and sell a new product are complex, require a
 number of years and involve the expenditure of substantial
 resources. Compounds or potential new products that appear
 promising in development can prove unsuccessful and fail to
 receive FDA approval, fail to receive approval of specific
 anticipated indications, be substantially delayed, or receive
 unfavorable product labeling (including indications or safety
 warnings), each of which can materially affect the commercial
 value of the product. Additional factors that may materially
 affect the success
 and/or
 timing of regulatory approval of a new product, and its
 commercial potential, include the regulatory filing strategies
 employed, the timing of and delays in FDA review, and the
 intervention by third parties in the approval process through
 administrative or judicial means. As a result, there can be no
 assurance that we will receive regulatory approval of our
 products in development, or of new dosage forms for existing
 products, that our products or dosage forms will receive
 approval for specific indications or that the labeling of these
 products will be as we would prefer.

 Our current strategy is to increase sales of certain of our
 existing products and to enhance our competitive standing
 through the acquisition or in-licensing of products, either in
 development or previously approved by the FDA, that complement
 our business and allow us to promote and sell new products
 through existing marketing and distribution channels. Moreover,
 since we engage in limited proprietary research activity with
 respect to the development of new chemical entities, we rely
 heavily on purchasing or licensing products in development and
 FDA-approved products from other companies.

 Branded prescription pharmaceutical development projects,
 including those for which we have collaboration agreements with
 third parties, include the following:

 • 

 Remoxy®
,

 a drug for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic pain that
 we are developing with Pain Therapeutics, Inc.;

 18

Table of Contents

 • 

 Acurox®

 Tablets, a drug for the treatment of moderate to severe pain
 that we are developing with Acura;

 • 

 Oxycodone NT, a drug for treatment of moderate to severe chronic
 pain; and

 • 

 Hydrocodone NT, a drug for treatment of moderate to severe
 chronic pain.

 We compete with other pharmaceutical companies, including large
 pharmaceutical companies with financial, human and other
 resources substantially greater than ours, in the development
 and licensing of new products. We cannot assure you that we will
 be able to:

 • 

 engage in product life-cycle management to develop new
 indications and line extensions for existing and acquired
 products;

 • 

 successfully develop, license or commercialize new products on a
 timely basis or at all;

 • 

 continue to develop products already in development in a cost
 effective manner; or

 • 

 obtain any FDA approvals necessary to successfully implement the
 strategies described above.

 If we are not successful in the development or licensing of new
 products already in development, including obtaining any
 necessary FDA approvals, our business, financial condition, and
 results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

 Additionally, since our currently marketed products are
 generally established and commonly sold, they are subject to
 competition from products with similar qualities. For example:

 • 

 Skelaxin®

 competes in a highly genericized market with other muscle
 relaxants and could be subject to additional competition from
 generic products following a court’s order ruling invalid
 two patents related to
 Skelaxin
®

 in January 2009.

 • 

 Altace®

 has multiple generic substitutes that entered the market in
 December 2007 and in 2008.

 • 

 Sonata®

 competes with other insomnia treatments in a highly competitive
 market. A generic substitute entered the market in the second
 quarter of 2008.

 • 

 Levoxyl®

 competes in a competitive and highly genericized market with
 other levothyroxine sodium products.

 • 

 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2007,
 Thrombin-JMI®,

 our bovine thrombin product, faced new competition from human
 thrombin and recombinant human thrombin.

 Other of our branded prescription pharmaceutical products also
 face competition from generic substitutes.

 The manufacturers of generic products typically do not bear the
 related research and development costs and, consequently, are
 able to offer such products at considerably lower prices than
 the branded equivalents. We cannot assure you that any of our
 products will not face generic competition, or maintain their
 market share, gross margins and cash flows, the failure of which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Other companies may license or develop products or may acquire
 technologies for the development of products that are the same
 as or similar to the products we have in development or that we
 license. Because there is rapid technological change in the
 industry and because many other companies may have more
 financial resources than we do, other companies may:

 • 

 develop or license their products more rapidly than we can,

 • 

 complete any applicable regulatory approval process sooner than
 we can,

 • 

 market or license their products before we can market or license
 our products, or

 • 

 offer their newly developed or licensed products at prices lower
 than our prices.

 19

Table of Contents

 Any of these events would thereby have a negative effect on the
 sales of our existing, newly developed or licensed products. The
 inability to effect acquisitions or licenses of additional
 branded products in development and FDA-approved products could
 limit the overall growth of our business. Furthermore, even if
 we obtain rights to a pharmaceutical product or acquire a
 company, we may not be able to generate sales sufficient to
 create a profit or otherwise avoid a loss. Technological
 developments or the FDA’s approval of new products or of
 new therapeutic indications for existing products may make our
 existing products or those products we are licensing or
 developing obsolete or may make them more difficult to market
 successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on
 results of operations and cash flows.

 If we
 cannot successfully defend our rights under the patents relating
 to our key products, such as
 Skelaxin®,

 or if we are unable to secure or defend our rights under other
 patents and trademarks and protect our trade secrets and other
 intellectual property, additional competitors could enter the
 market, and sales of affected products may decline
 materially.

 Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, any generic pharmaceutical
 manufacturer may file an ANDA with a certification, known as a
 “Paragraph IV certification,” challenging the
 validity of or claiming non-infringement of a patent listed in
 the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic
 Equivalence Evaluations, which is known as the “FDA’s
 Orange Book,” four years after the pioneer company obtains
 approval of its NDA. As more fully described in Note 19,
 “Commitments and Contingencies,” in Part IV,
 Item 15(a)(1), “Financial Statements,” other
 companies have filed Paragraph IV certifications
 challenging the patents associated with some of our key
 products. For example, in January 2009, a U.S. District
 Court ruled invalid two key patents related to
 Skelaxin®

 based on Paragraph IV challenges. We have appealed the
 judgment, but the appeal may be unsuccessful. If any of these
 Paragraph IV challenges succeeds, our affected product
 would face generic competition and its sales would likely
 decline materially. Should sales decline, we may have to write
 off a portion or all of the intangible assets associated with
 the affected product.

 We may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary
 patent protection for products we currently market or for
 products and technologies we develop or license. In addition,
 our competitors may develop products similar to ours, including
 generic products, using methods and technologies that are beyond
 the scope of our intellectual property protection. The
 appearance in the market of products developed in this way could
 materially reduce our sales.

 There is no proprietary protection for many of our branded
 prescription pharmaceutical products, and generic substitutes
 for many of these products are sold by other pharmaceutical
 companies. Further, we also rely upon trade secrets, unpatented
 proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation in
 order to maintain our competitive position with respect to some
 products. Our sales could be materially reduced if our
 competitors independently develop equivalent proprietary
 technology and techniques or gain access to our trade secrets,
 know-how and technology.

 If we are unable to defend our patents and trademarks or protect
 our trade secrets and other intellectual property, our results
 of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely
 affected.

 Additionally, we have inventory purchase commitments related to
 purchase orders and certain supply agreements which contain
 minimum purchase commitments. If loss of market exclusivity or
 other factors cause sales of our products to fall below amounts
 necessary to use the inventory we have committed to purchase, we
 may incur losses in connection with those supply agreements or
 purchase orders.

 An
 expansion of restrictions on, or bans of, the use of antibiotics
 used in food-producing animals could result in a decrease in our
 sales.

 The issue of the potential transfer of increased bacterial
 resistance to human pathogens due to the use of certain
 antibiotics in certain food-producing animals is the subject of
 discussions on a worldwide basis and, in certain instances, has
 led to government restrictions on the use of antibiotics in
 these food-producing animals. The sales of our animal health
 segment are principally antibiotic-based products for use with
 food-producing animals; therefore, future limitations in major
 markets, including the U.S., or negative publicity regarding
 this

 20

Table of Contents

 use of antibiotic-based products, could have a negative impact
 on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows.

 While most of the government activity in this area has involved
 products other than those that we offer for sale, the EU and a
 number of non-EU countries, including Norway and Turkey, banned
 the use of zinc bacitracin, a feed antibiotic growth promoter
 manufactured by us and others that has been used in livestock
 feeds for over 40 years. We have not sold this product as a
 feed additive growth promoter in these countries since the bans
 took effect (initially in the EU in July 1999; in Turkey,
 Bulgaria and Romania (the latter two now part of the EU) in
 2000; and in Norway in January 2006). The EU ban is based upon
 the “Precautionary Principle,” which states that a
 product may be withdrawn from the market based upon a finding of
 a potential threat of serious or irreversible damage even if
 such finding is not supported by scientific certainty.

 Taiwan, South Korea and Brazil have implemented, or are expected
 to implement shortly, restrictions on the use of antibiotics in
 animal feed. We have marketed antibiotics for use in
 food-producing animals in these countries but will be required
 to curtail or discontinue those practices. The actions by these
 countries may negatively impact our business as a result of
 reduced sales. It is not yet known whether this reduction will
 be material to our financial position or results of operations.

 Discussions of the antibiotic resistance issue continue actively
 in the U.S. Various sources have published reports
 concerning possible adverse human effects from the use of
 antibiotics in food animals. Some of these reports have asserted
 that major animal producers, some of whom are our customers or
 the end-users of our products, are reducing the use of
 antibiotics.

 In July 2009, FDA officials expressed support for a phase-out of
 growth promotion/feed efficiency uses of antibiotics in
 food-producing animals. Legislation pending before Congress
 would, if it were to become law, require the FDA to withdraw the
 approval of such nontherapeutic uses of antibiotics unless the
 FDA determines, within two years of enactment, that “there
 is a reasonable certainty of no harm to human health due to the
 development of antimicrobial resistance that is attributable in
 whole or in part to the nontherapeutic use of the drug” in
 food-producing animals. Under the proposed legislation, this
 finding may be based on evidence submitted by the holder of the
 approved product application or developed by the FDA on its own
 initiative. We cannot predict whether this legislation will
 become law or, if it does, whether the FDA would agree that this
 standard has been satisfied for bacitracin-based products.

 In July 2005, the FDA withdrew the approval of an antibiotic
 poultry water medication due to concerns regarding antibiotic
 resistance in humans. While we do not market this drug, this
 ruling could be significant if its conclusions were expanded to
 the MFAs sold by us. In the absence of new legislation, it is
 uncertain what additional actions, if any, the FDA may take for
 approved animal drug products. However, the FDA has established
 guidance for the industry on how to prepare assessments
 comparing the risks associated with the use of specific
 antibiotic products in food producing animals, including those
 sold by us. While we do not believe that the current guidance
 would have a materially adverse effect on our business, it is
 subject to change.

 We cannot predict whether the present ban of zinc bacitracin
 products may be expanded or whether other antibiotic
 restrictions will be introduced. If any one of the following
 events occurs, the resulting loss of sales could be material to
 our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations:

 • 

 additional countries, such as the U.S., where we have material
 sales of bacitracin-based products, restrict or ban the use of
 zinc bacitracin or other antibiotic feed additives;

 • 

 countries which are significant importers of meat act to prevent
 the importation of products from countries that allow the use of
 bacitracin-based or other antibiotic-containing products;

 • 

 there is an increase in public pressure to discontinue the use
 of antibiotic feed additives; or

 • 

 consumers or retailers decide to purchase fewer meat products
 from animals fed antibiotics.

 21

Table of Contents

 Potential
 adverse effects on human health linked to the raising or
 consumption of food-producing animals using our products could
 result in a decrease in our sales.

 Should the government find, or the public perceive, a risk to
 human health from consumption of food-producing animals which
 utilize our products (such as Avian flu) or as a by-product to
 the raising of such animals, such as the “Chicken
 Litter” litigation, there may be a decline in either the
 sale of these food products, which would result in a decrease in
 the use of our products, or a decrease in the use of our
 products in the growing of these food-producing animals. For
 additional information regarding the “Chicken Litter”
 litigation, please see Note 19, “Commitments and
 Contingencies”, in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1),
 “Financial Statements”.

 Unfavorable
 results in pending and future claims and litigation matters
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
 operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 We are named as a party in various lawsuits. For information
 about our pending material litigation matters, please see
 Note 19, “Commitments and Contingencies,” in
 Part IV, Item 15(a)(1), “Financial
 Statements.” While we intend to vigorously defend ourselves
 in these actions, we are generally unable to predict the outcome
 or reasonably estimate the range of potential loss, if any, in
 the pending litigation. If we were not to prevail in the pending
 litigation, we could be required to pay material sums in
 connection with judgments or settlements related to these
 matters, or the pending litigation could otherwise have a
 material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
 financial condition and cash flows.

 If we
 cannot integrate the business of companies or products we
 acquire, or appropriately and successfully manage and coordinate
 third-party collaborative development activities, our business
 may suffer.

 The integration into our business of in-licensed or acquired
 assets or businesses, as well as the coordination and
 collaboration of research and development, sales and marketing
 efforts with third parties, requires significant management
 attention, maintenance of adequate operational, financial and
 management information systems, integration of systems that we
 acquire into our existing systems, and verification that the
 acquired processes and systems meet applicable standards for
 internal control over financial reporting. Our future results
 will also depend in part on our ability to hire, retain and
 motivate qualified employees to manage expanded operations
 efficiently in accordance with applicable regulatory standards.
 If we cannot manage our third-party collaborations and integrate
 in-licensed and acquired assets successfully, or, if we do not
 establish and maintain appropriate processes in support of these
 activities, this could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows and on our ability to make the necessary certifications
 with respect to our internal controls.

 The
 terms of our Revolving Credit Facility restricts, and other
 borrowing arrangements in the future could similarly restrict,
 our activities in various ways.

 The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility (“Revolving
 Credit Facility”) contains certain covenants that, among
 other things, restrict additional indebtedness, liens and
 encumbrances, sale and leaseback transactions, loans and
 investments, acquisitions and purchases, dividends and other
 restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, asset
 dispositions, mergers and consolidations, prepayments,
 redemptions and repurchases of other indebtedness and other
 matters customarily restricted in such agreements.

 The Revolving Credit Facility also contains customary events of
 default, including, without limitation, payment defaults,
 breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults,
 cross-defaults to certain other material indebtedness in excess
 of specified amounts, certain events of bankruptcy and
 insolvency, certain ERISA events, judgments in excess of
 specified amounts, certain impairments to the guarantees, and
 change in control. The breach of any covenants or obligations
 under the Revolving Credit Facility could result in a default
 which could trigger acceleration of (or the right to accelerate)
 the related debt. In addition, our lenders would be entitled to
 proceed against the collateral securing the indebtedness. If any
 of our indebtedness were to be accelerated, it could adversely
 affect our ability to operate our business or we may be unable
 to repay such debt, and, therefore, such acceleration could
 adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition
 and, consequently, the price of our common stock.

 22

Table of Contents

 We may enter into other borrowing arrangements in the future
 which impose restrictions on us similar to, or more restrictive
 than, the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility.

 For more information about the terms of the Revolving Credit
 Facility, please see Note 13, “Long Term Debt,”
 in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1), “Financial
 Statements”.

 Any
 significant delays or difficulties in the manufacture of, or
 supply of materials for, our products may reduce our profit
 margins and revenues, limit the sales of our products, or harm
 our products’ reputations.

 Many of our products, including
 Embeda®,

 Skelaxin
®,

 the
 Flector
®

 Patch,
 Thrombin-JMI
®,

 Avinza
®

 and certain animal health products and ingredients, are
 currently manufactured in part or entirely by third parties. In
 addition, many of these products are produced by manufacturers
 for which there is no secondary manufacturer with the required
 regulatory approvals. Our dependence upon third parties for the
 manufacture of certain products may adversely affect our profit
 margins or may result in unforeseen delays or other problems
 beyond our control. For example, if any of these third parties
 is not in compliance with applicable regulations, the
 manufacture of our products could be delayed, halted or
 otherwise adversely affected. If for any reason we are unable to
 obtain or retain third-party manufacturers on commercially
 acceptable terms, we may not be able to distribute our products
 as planned.

 Further, if we encounter other delays or difficulties in
 producing or packaging products either handled by third parties
 or by us, the distribution, marketing and subsequent sales of
 these products could be adversely affected, and we may have to
 seek alternative sources of supply or abandon product lines or
 sell them on unsatisfactory terms. We might not be able to enter
 into alternative supply arrangements in a timely manner or at
 commercially acceptable rates, if at all. We also cannot assure
 you that third-party manufacturers we use will be able to
 provide us with sufficient quantities of our products or that
 the products supplied to us will meet our specifications.

 We are
 subject to the risks of doing business outside of the United
 States.

 Future growth rates and success of our animal health and
 auto-injector businesses depend in part on continued growth in
 our operations outside of the United States. In the case of
 animal health, we have both sales and manufacturing operations
 outside the United States and numerous risks and uncertainties
 affect those operations. These risks and uncertainties include
 political and economic instability, changes in local
 governmental laws, regulations and policies, including those
 related to tariffs, investments, taxation, employment
 regulations, repatriation of earnings, enforcement of contract
 and intellectual property rights and currency exchange
 fluctuations and restrictions.

 International transactions may also involve increased financial
 and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs,
 including risks of non-compliance with U.S. and local laws
 such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the
 U.S. Arms Export Control Act and the International Traffic
 in Arms Regulations.

 While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any
 of them could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results or cash flows. If we were to
 violate U.S. or local laws, we may be subject to fines,
 penalties, other costs, loss of ability to do business with the
 U.S. government or other business-related effects which
 could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 We are
 required annually, or on an interim basis as needed, to review
 the carrying value of our intangible assets and goodwill for
 impairment. If sales of our products decline because of, for
 example, generic competition or an inability to manufacture or
 obtain sufficient supply of product, the intangible asset value
 of any declining product could become impaired, which could
 result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 As of December 31, 2009, we had approximately
 $1.3 billion of net intangible assets and goodwill.
 Intangible assets primarily include the net book value of
 various product rights, trademarks, patents and other intangible
 rights. If a change in circumstances causes us to lower our
 future sales forecast for a product, we

 23

Table of Contents

 may be required to write off a portion of the net book value of
 the intangible assets associated with that product. In
 evaluating goodwill for impairment, we estimate the fair value
 of our individual business reporting units on a discounted cash
 flow basis. In the event the value of an individual business
 reporting unit declines significantly, it could result in a
 non-cash impairment charge. Any impairment of the net book value
 of any intangible asset or goodwill, depending on the size,
 could result in a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 We
 have entered into agreements with manufacturers and/or
 distributors of generic pharmaceutical products with whom we are
 presently engaged, or have previously been engaged, in
 litigation, and these agreements could subject us to claims that
 we have violated federal and/or state anti-trust
 laws.

 We have negotiated and entered into a number of agreements with
 manufacturers
 and/or
 distributors of generic pharmaceutical products, some of whom
 are presently engaged or have previously been engaged in
 litigation with us. Governmental

and/or
 private parties may allege that these arrangements and
 activities in furtherance of the success of these arrangements
 violate applicable federal or state anti-trust laws.
 Alternatively, courts could interpret these laws in a manner
 contrary to current understandings of and past rulings relating
 to such laws. If a court or other governmental body were to
 conclude that a violation of these laws had occurred, any
 liability based on such a finding could be materially adverse
 and could be preceded or followed by private litigation such as
 class action litigation.

 For example, we have received civil investigative demands
 (“CIDs”) for information from the FTC. The CIDs
 require us to provide information related to our collaboration
 with Arrow, the dismissal without prejudice of our patent
 infringement litigation against Cobalt under the Hatch-Waxman
 Act of 1984 and other information. We are cooperating with the
 FTC in this investigation.

 Sales
 of
 Thrombin-JMI®

 may be affected by the perception of risks associated with some
 of the raw materials used in its manufacture. If we are unable
 to maintain purification procedures at our facilities that are
 in accordance with the FDA’s expectations for biological
 products generally, the FDA could limit our ability to
 manufacture biological products at those facilities, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 For the year ended December 31, 2009, our product
 Thrombin-JMI®

 accounted for 10.3% of our total revenues. The source material
 for
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 comes from bovine plasma and lung tissue which has been
 certified by the United States Department of Agriculture for use
 in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products. Bovine-sourced
 materials, particularly those from outside the United States,
 may be of some concern because of potential transmission of
 bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or “BSE.” However,
 we have taken precautions to minimize the risks of contamination
 from BSE in our source materials and process. Our principal
 precaution is the use of bovine materials only from FDA-approved
 sources in the United States. Accordingly, all source animals
 used in our production of
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 are of United States origin. Additionally, source animals used
 in production of
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 are generally less than 18 months of age (BSE has not been
 identified in animals less than 30 months of age).

 There is currently no alternative to the bovine-sourced
 materials for the manufacture of
 Thrombin-JMI®.

 We have two approved vendors as sources of supply of the bovine
 raw materials. Any interruption or delay in the supply of these
 materials could adversely affect the sales of
 Thrombin-JMI
®.

 We will continue surveillance of the source and believe that the
 risk of BSE contamination in the source materials for
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 is very low. While we believe that our procedures and those of
 our vendor for the supply, testing and handling of the bovine
 material comply with all federal, state, and local regulations,
 we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from
 these materials. There are high levels of global public concern
 about BSE. Physicians could determine not to administer
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 because of the perceived risk, which could adversely affect our
 sales of the product. Any injuries resulting from BSE
 contamination could expose us to extensive liability. If public
 concern about the risk of BSE infection in the United States
 should increase, the manufacture and sale of
 Thrombin-JMI
®

 and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

 24

Table of Contents

 The FDA expects manufacturers of biological products to have
 validated processes capable of removing extraneous viral
 contaminants to a high level of assurance. We have developed and
 implemented appropriate processing steps to achieve maximum
 assurance that potential extraneous viral contaminants are
 removed from
 Thrombin-JMI®,

 which does not include BSE because it is not a viral
 contaminant, and we gained FDA approval for these processes. If
 we are unable to successfully maintain these processing steps or
 obtain the necessary supplies to do so in accordance with the
 FDA’s expectations, the manufacture and sale of Thrombin-
 JMI
®

 and our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

 Our
 charter and bylaws and applicable state laws discourage
 unsolicited takeover proposals and could prevent shareholders
 from realizing a premium on their common stock.

 Our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage
 unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to
 be in their best interests. These provisions include:

 • 

 the ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of
 and issue new series of preferred stock;

 • 

 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our
 Board of Directors; and

 • 

 special voting requirements for the amendment of our charter and
 bylaws.

 We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Tennessee
 law, each of which could delay or prevent a change of control.
 Together, these provisions may discourage transactions that
 otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
 market prices for our common stock.

 At
 times, our stock price has been volatile, and such volatility in
 the future could result in substantial losses for our
 investors.

 The trading price of our common stock has at times been
 volatile. The stock market in general and the market for the
 securities of emerging pharmaceutical companies such as King, in
 particular, have experienced extreme volatility. Many factors
 contribute to this volatility, including:

 • 

 variations in our results of operations;

 • 

 perceived risks and uncertainties concerning our business;

 • 

 announcements of earnings;

 • 

 the commencement of, or adverse developments in, any material
 litigation or governmental investigation;

 • 

 failure to meet timelines for product development or other
 projections or forward-looking statements we may make to the
 public;

 • 

 failure to meet or exceed security analysts’ financial
 projections for our company;

 • 

 comments or recommendations made by securities analysts;

 • 

 general market conditions;

 • 

 perceptions about market conditions in the pharmaceutical
 industry;

 • 

 announcements of technological innovations or the results of
 clinical trials or studies;

 • 

 changes in marketing, product pricing and sales strategies or
 development of new products by us or our competitors;

 • 

 changes in domestic or foreign governmental regulations or
 regulatory approval processes; and

 • 

 announcements concerning regulatory compliance and government
 agency reviews.

 The volatility of our common stock imposes a greater risk of
 capital losses on our shareholders than would a less volatile
 stock. In addition, such volatility makes it difficult to
 ascribe a stable valuation to a shareholder’s holdings of
 our common stock.

 25

Table of Contents

 Compliance
 with the terms and conditions of our corporate integrity
 agreement with the Office of Inspector General of the United
 States Department of Health and Human Services requires
 significant resources and management time and, if we fail to
 comply, we could be subject to penalties or, under certain
 circumstances, excluded from government health care programs,
 which could materially reduce our sales.

 In October 2005, as part of our settlement of a government
 pricing investigation of our company, we entered into a
 five-year corporate integrity agreement (“CIA”) with
 the Office of Inspector General of the United States Department
 of Health and Human Services (“HHS/OIG”). For
 additional information, please see Note 19,
 “Commitments and Contingencies,” in Part IV,
 Item 15(a)(1), “Financial Statements.” The
 purpose of the CIA, which applies to all of our
 U.S. subsidiaries and employees, is to promote compliance
 with the federal health care and procurement programs in which
 we participate, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the
 Medicare Program, the 340B Drug Pricing Program, and the
 Veterans Administration Pricing Program.

 In addition to the challenges associated with complying with the
 regulations applicable to each of these programs (as discussed
 below), we are required, among other things, to keep in place
 our current corporate compliance program, provide specified
 training to employees, retain an independent review organization
 to conduct periodic audits of our Medicaid Rebate calculations
 and our automated systems, processes, policies and practices
 related to government pricing calculations, and to provide
 periodic reports to HHS/OIG.

 Maintaining the broad array of processes, policies and
 procedures necessary to comply with the CIA is expected to
 continue to require a significant portion of management’s
 attention as well as the application of significant resources.
 Failing to meet the CIA obligations could have serious
 consequences for us including stipulated monetary penalties for
 each instance of noncompliance. In addition, flagrant or
 repeated violations of the CIA could result in our being
 excluded from participating in government health care programs,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Risks
 Related to Our Industries

 New
 legislation or regulatory proposals may adversely affect our
 revenues, our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 A number of legislative and regulatory proposals have been
 proposed and could be proposed in the future that are broadly
 aimed at health care reform. Such reform could involve easing
 safeguards that limit importation and reimportation of
 prescription products from countries outside the United States,
 providing preferential treatment to manufacturers of generic
 pharmaceutical products, imposing additional and possibly
 conflicting reporting requirements on prescription
 pharmaceutical companies, reducing the level at which
 pharmaceutical companies are reimbursed for sales of their
 products, altering the requirements applicable to health care
 insurance, and requiring significant monitoring initiatives by
 manufacturers in an attempt to reduce the misuse and abuse of
 controlled substances.

 While we cannot predict when or whether any of these proposals
 will be adopted or the effect these proposals may have on our
 business, these and other similar proposals may exacerbate
 industry-wide pricing pressures and could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Failure
 to comply with laws and government regulations could adversely
 affect our ability to operate our business.

 Virtually all of our activities are regulated by
 U.S. federal and state statutes and government agencies as
 well as laws and agencies in foreign countries. The
 manufacturing, processing, formulation, packaging, labeling,
 distribution and marketing of our products, and disposal of
 waste products arising from these activities, are subject to
 regulation by one or more federal agencies, including the FDA,
 the DEA, the FTC, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the
 Department of Agriculture, the Occupational Safety and Health

 26

Table of Contents

 Administration, and the EPA, as well as by foreign governments
 in countries where we manufacture or distribute products.

 Failure to comply with the policies or requirements established
 by these agencies could subject us to enforcement actions or
 other consequences. For example, noncompliance with applicable
 FDA policies or requirements could subject us to suspensions of
 manufacturing or distribution, seizure of products, product
 recalls, fines, criminal penalties, injunctions, failure to
 approve pending drug product applications or withdrawal of
 product marketing approvals. Similar civil or criminal penalties
 could be imposed by other government agencies, such as the DEA,
 the EPA or various agencies of the states and localities in
 which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed, and
 could have ramifications for our contracts with government
 agencies, such as the Department of Veterans Affairs or the DoD.

 The FDA has the authority and discretion to withdraw existing
 marketing approvals and to review the regulatory status of
 marketed products at any time. For example, the FDA may require
 withdrawal of an approved marketing application for any drug
 product marketed if new information reveals problems with a
 drug’s safety or efficacy. All drugs must be manufactured
 in conformity with cGMPs and drug products subject to an
 approved application must be manufactured, processed, packaged,
 held and labeled in accordance with information contained in the
 approved application.

 While we believe that all of our currently marketed
 pharmaceutical products comply with FDA enforcement policies,
 have approval pending or have received the requisite agency
 approvals, our marketing is subject to challenge by the FDA at
 any time. Through various enforcement mechanisms, the FDA can
 ensure that noncomplying drugs are no longer marketed and that
 advertising and marketing materials and campaigns are in
 compliance with FDA regulations.

 In addition, modifications, enhancements, or changes in
 manufacturing sites of approved products are in many
 circumstances subject to additional FDA approvals which may or
 may not be received and which may be subject to a lengthy FDA
 review process. Our manufacturing facilities and those of our
 third-party manufacturers are continually subject to inspection
 by governmental agencies. Manufacturing operations could be
 interrupted or halted in any of those facilities if a government
 or regulatory authority is unsatisfied with the results of an
 inspection. Any interruptions of this type could result in
 materially reduced sales of our products or increased
 manufacturing costs. For additional information please see the
 section entitled “Government Regulation” in
 Item 1, “Business,” in Part I.

 Medicaid reporting and payment obligations are highly complex
 and in certain respects ambiguous. If we fail to comply with
 these obligations, we could be subject to additional
 reimbursements, penalties, sanctions and fines which could have
 a material adverse effect on our business. Our processes for
 estimating amounts due under Medicaid and other governmental
 pricing programs involve subjective decisions, and, as a result,
 these calculations will remain subject to the risk of errors.

 Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
 and Liability Act, “CERCLA,” the EPA can impose
 liability for the entire cost of cleanup of contaminated