Set forth below are the material risks associated with the purchase and ownership of the Company’s equity and debt securities.  As an owner of real estate, the Company is subject to certain business risks arising in connection with the underlying real estate, including, among other factors, including the following:

i) Loss of the Company’s tax status as a real estate investment trust would have significant adverse consequences to the Company and the value of its securities.

The Company elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes under the Code commencing with our taxable year beginning January 1, 1992. The Company currently intend to operate so as to qualify as a REIT and believe that the Company’s current organization and method of operation comply with the rules and regulations promulgated under the Code to enable us to qualify as a REIT.

Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within the Company’s control may affect the Company’s ability to qualify as a REIT. For example, in order to qualify as a REIT, at least 95% of the Company’s gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, and the Company must satisfy a number of requirements regarding the composition of the Company’s assets. Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of the Company’s net taxable income, excluding capital gains. In addition, new legislation, regulations, administrative

9

Back to Contents

interpretations or court decisions
 could significantly change the tax laws with respect to qualification as
 a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification or the
 desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. Although
 the Company believes that it is organized and has operated in such a manner,
 the Company can give no assurance that it has qualified or will continue
 to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes.

If the Company loses its REIT status, it will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to make payment of principal and interest on the debt securities the Company issues and to pay dividends to Company stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT:

 •

 the Company would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing its  taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates;

 •

 the Company also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and

 •

 unless the Company was entitled to relief under statutory provisions, it could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which the Company were disqualified.

In addition, if the Company fails to qualify as a REIT, it would not be required to make distributions to stockholders.

As a result of all these factors, the Company’s failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair its ability to expand its business and raise capital, and would adversely affect the value of the Company’s securities.

ii) Adverse market conditions and competition may impede the Company’s ability to generate sufficient income to pay expenses and maintain properties.

The economic performance and value of the Company’s properties are subject to all of the risks associated with owning and operating real estate including:

 •

 changes in the national, regional and local economic climate;

 •

 local conditions, including an oversupply
 of space in properties like those that the Company owns, or a reduction
 in demand for properties like those that the Company owns;

 •

 the attractiveness of the Company’s properties
 to tenants;

 •

 the ability of tenants to pay rent;

 •

 competition from other available