Set forth below are the material risks associated with the purchase and ownership of the Company’s
equity and debt securities. As an owner of real estate, the Company is subject to certain business
risks arising in connection with the underlying real estate, including, among other factors, the
following:

i) Loss of the Company’s tax status as a real estate investment trust could have significant
adverse consequences to the Company and the value of its securities.

The Company elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes under the Code commencing
with the taxable year beginning January 1, 1992. The Company currently intends to operate so as to
qualify as a REIT and believes that the Company’s current organization and method of operation
comply with the rules and regulations promulgated under the Code to enable us to qualify as a REIT.

Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions
for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The determination of
various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within the Company’s control may affect the
Company’s ability to qualify as a REIT. For example, in order to qualify as a REIT, at least 95% of
the Company’s gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, and the Company
must satisfy a number of requirements regarding the composition of the Company’s assets. Also, the
Company must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of the Company’s
net taxable income, excluding capital gains. In addition, new legislation, regulations,
administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly change the tax laws with
respect to qualification as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification or
the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. Although the Company
believes that it is organized and has operated in such a manner, the Company can give no assurance
that it has qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes.

If the Company loses its REIT status, it will face serious tax consequences that will substantially
reduce the funds available to pay dividends to Company stockholders. If the Company fails to
qualify as a REIT:

•

the Company would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in
computing its taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular
corporate rates;

•

the Company also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly
increased state and local taxes; and

•

unless the Company was entitled to relief under statutory provisions, it could not elect
to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which the
Company was disqualified.

In addition, if the Company fails to qualify as a REIT, it would not be required to make
distributions to stockholders.

As a result of all these factors, the Company’s failure to qualify as a REIT could impair its
ability to expand its business and raise capital, and could adversely affect the value

22

Table of Contents

of the Company’s securities.

ii) Adverse market conditions and competition may impede the Company’s ability to generate
sufficient income to pay expenses and maintain properties.

The economic performance and value of the Company’s properties are subject to all of the risks
associated with owning and operating real estate including:

•

changes in the national, regional and local economic climate;

•

local conditions, including an oversupply of space in properties like those that the
Company owns, or a reduction in demand for properties like those that the Company owns;

•

the attractiveness of the Company’s properties to tenants;

•

the ability of tenants to pay rent;

•

competition from other available properties;

•

changes in market rental rates;

•

the need to periodically pay for costs to repair, renovate and re-let space;

•

changes in operating costs, including costs for maintenance, insurance and real estate
taxes;

•

the fact that the expenses of owning and operating properties are not necessarily
reduced when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in
income from the properties; and

•

changes in laws and governmental regulations, including those governing usage, zoning,
the environment and taxes.

iii) Downturns in the retailing industry likely will have a direct impact on the Company’s
performance.

The Company’s properties consist primarily of community and neighborhood shopping centers and other
retail properties. The Company’s performance therefore is linked to economic conditions in the
market for retail space generally. The market for retail space has been or could be adversely
affected by weakness in the national, regional and local economies, the adverse financial condition
of some large retailing companies, the ongoing consolidation in the retail sector, the excess
amount of retail space in a number of markets, and increasing consumer purchases through catalogues
and the internet. To the extent that any of these conditions occur, they are likely to impact
market rents for retail space.

iv) Failure by any anchor tenant with leases in multiple locations to make rental payments to the
Company because of a deterioration of its financial condition or otherwise, could impact the
Company’s performance.

The Company’s performance depends on its ability to collect rent from tenants. At any time, the
Company’s tenants may experience a downturn in their business that may significantly weaken their
financial condition. As a result, the Company’s tenants may delay a number of lease commencements,
decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration, fail to make rental payments when due, close
stores or declare bankruptcy. Any of these actions could result in the termination of the tenants’
leases and the loss of rental income attributable to the terminated leases. In addition, lease
terminations by an anchor tenant or a failure by that anchor tenant to occupy the premises could
result in lease terminations or reductions in rent by other tenants in the same shopping centers
under the terms of some leases. In that event, the Company may be unable to re-lease the vacated
space at attractive rents or at all. The occurrence of any of the situations described above,
particularly if it involves a substantial tenant with leases in multiple locations, could impact
the Company’s performance.

v) The Company may be unable to collect balances due from tenants in bankruptcy.

The Company cannot give assurance that any tenant that files for bankruptcy protection will
continue to pay rent. A bankruptcy filing by or relating to one of the Company’s tenants or a lease
guarantor would bar all efforts by the Company to collect pre- 

23

Table of Contents

bankruptcy debts from the tenant or the lease guarantor, or their property, unless the Company
receives an order permitting it to do so from the bankruptcy court. A tenant or lease guarantor
bankruptcy could delay the Company’s efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant
leases and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. If a lease is assumed by the tenant
in bankruptcy, all pre-bankruptcy balances due under the lease must be paid to the Company in full.
However, if a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, the Company would have only a general
unsecured claim for damages. Any unsecured claim the Company holds may be paid only to the extent
that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of
unsecured claims, and there are restrictions under bankruptcy laws which limit the amount of the
claim the Company can make if a lease is rejected. As a result, it is likely that the Company will
recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims it holds.

vi) Real estate property investments are illiquid, and therefore the Company may not be able to
dispose of properties when appropriate or on favorable terms.

Real estate property investments generally cannot be disposed of quickly. In addition, the federal
tax code imposes restrictions on a REIT’s ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable
to other types of real estate companies. Therefore, the Company may not be able to vary its
portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on favorable terms.

vii) We may acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies and this
may create risks.

We may acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies when we believe
that an acquisition or development is consistent with our business strategies. We may not, however,
succeed in consummating desired acquisitions or in completing developments on time or within
budget. In addition, we may face competition in pursuing acquisition or development opportunities
that could increase our costs. When we do pursue a project or acquisition, we may not succeed in
leasing newly developed or acquired properties at rents sufficient to cover their costs of
acquisition or development and operations. Difficulties in integrating acquisitions may prove
costly or time-consuming and could divert management’s attention. Acquisitions or developments in
new markets or industries where we do not have the same level of market knowledge may result in
poorer than anticipated performance. We may also abandon acquisition or development opportunities
that we have begun pursuing and consequently fail to recover expenses already incurred and have
devoted management time to a matter not consummated. Furthermore, our acquisitions of new