We are subject to certain business risks
including, among other factors, the following:

Loss of our tax status as a real estate
investment trust could have significant adverse consequences to us and the value
of our securities.

We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income
tax purposes under the Code.  We currently intend to operate so as to
qualify as a REIT and believe that our current organization and method of
operation complies with the rules and regulations promulgated under the federal
income tax code to enable us to qualify as a REIT.

Qualification as a REIT involves the application of
highly technical and complex federal income tax code provisions for which there
are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations.  The
determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within
our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT.  New legislation,
regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could
significantly change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT, the
federal income tax consequences of such qualification or the desirability of an
investment in a REIT relative to other investments.  There can be no
assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT for tax
purposes.

If we lose our REIT status, we will face serious tax
consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to pay dividends
to stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT:

·

we would not be allowed a deduction
for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be
subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates;

·

we could be subject to the federal
alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; 

13

·

unless we were entitled to relief
under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT
for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified;
and

·

we would not be required to make
distributions to stockholders.

As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify
as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and
could adversely affect the value of our securities.

Adverse market conditions and competition may impede our
ability to generate sufficient income to pay expenses and maintain