A description of factors that could
materially affect our business, financial condition or operating results is provided below. 

Risks Associated with Our Industry and Market Conditions

The semiconductor equipment industry is highly cyclical. The purchasing decisions of our customers are highly dependent on the
economies of both the local markets in which they are located and the semiconductor industry worldwide. If we fail to respond to industry cycles, our business could be seriously harmed. 

The timing, length and severity of the up-and-down cycles in the semiconductor equipment industry are difficult to predict. The cyclical nature of the
industry in which we operate is largely a function of our customers’ capital spending patterns and need for expanded manufacturing capacity, which in turn are affected by factors such as capacity utilization, consumer demand for products,
inventory levels and our customers’ access to capital. This cyclicality affects our ability to accurately predict future revenue, and in some cases, future expense levels. In the current environment, our ability to accurately predict our future
operating results is particularly limited. During down cycles in our industry, the financial results of our customers may be negatively impacted, which could result not only in a decrease in, or cancellation or delay of, orders (which are generally
subject to cancellation or delay by the customer with limited or no penalty) but also a weakening of their financial condition that could impair their ability to pay for our products or our ability to recognize revenue from certain customers. When
cyclical fluctuations result in lower than expected revenue levels, operating results may be adversely affected and cost reduction measures may be necessary in order for us to remain competitive and financially sound. During periods of declining
revenues, as was experienced during fiscal year 2009, we must be in a position to adjust our cost and expense structure to prevailing market conditions and to continue to motivate and retain our key employees. If we fail to respond, or if our
attempts to respond (such as the global workforce reductions and cost-reduction efforts that we announced in November 2008 and March 2009) fail to accomplish our intended results, then our business could be seriously harmed. Furthermore, any
workforce reductions and cost-reduction actions that we adopt in response to down cycles may result in additional restructuring charges, disruptions in our operations and loss of key personnel. In addition, during periods of rapid growth, we must be
able to increase manufacturing capacity and personnel to meet customer demand. We can provide no assurance that these objectives can be met in a timely manner in response to industry cycles. Each of these factors could adversely impact our operating
results and financial condition. 

In addition, the semiconductor equipment industry and other industries that we serve are constantly
developing and changing over time. These changes currently, or in the future may, include the increasing cost of building and operating fabrication facilities and the impact of such increases on our customers’ investment decisions; the
variability of future growth rates in the semiconductor and related industries; the ever-increasing cost and complexity involved in the adoption by our customers of technology advances and the potential impact that may have on their rate of
adoption; pricing trends in the end-markets for consumer electronics and other products, which places a growing emphasis on our customers’ cost of ownership; overall changes in capital spending patterns by our customers; and demand by
semiconductor manufacturers for shorter cycle times for developing, manufacturing and installing capital equipment. If we do not successfully manage the risks resulting from any of these or other potential changes in our industries, our business,
financial condition and operating results could be adversely impacted. 

We are exposed to risks associated with the current weakened
condition of the financial markets and the global economy. 

The recent severe tightening of the credit markets, turmoil in the
financial markets and weakening of the global economy have contributed to slowdowns in the industries in which we operate, which slowdowns are likely to worsen if these economic conditions are prolonged or deteriorate further. 

14 

Table of Contents

The markets for semiconductors, and therefore our business, are ultimately driven by the global demand
for electronic devices by consumers and businesses. Economic uncertainty frequently leads to reduced consumer and business spending, which, in the recent economic slowdown, has caused our customers to decrease, cancel or delay their equipment and
service orders from us. In addition, the recent tightening of credit markets and concerns regarding the availability of credit have made it more difficult for our customers to raise capital, whether debt or equity, to finance their purchases of
capital equipment, including the products we sell. Reduced demand, combined with delays in our customers’ ability to obtain financing (or the unavailability of such financing), has adversely affected our product and service sales and revenues
and therefore has harmed our business and operating results, and our operating results and financial condition may be further adversely impacted if the current economic conditions persist. 

In addition, a further decline in the condition of the global financial markets could adversely impact the market values or liquidity of our investments.
Our investment portfolio includes corporate and government securities, auction rate securities, money market funds and other types of debt and equity investments. Although we believe our portfolio continues to be comprised of sound investments due
to the quality and (where applicable) credit ratings and government guarantees of the underlying investments, a further decline in the capital and financial markets would adversely impact the market values of our investments and their liquidity. If
the market value of such investments were to decline, or if we were to have to sell some of our investments under illiquid market conditions, we may be required to recognize an impairment charge on such investments or a loss on such sales, either of
which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

If we are unable to timely and appropriately adapt to
changes resulting from the difficult macroeconomic environment, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our future performance depends, in part, upon our ability to continue to compete successfully worldwide. 

Our industry includes large manufacturers with substantial resources to support customers worldwide. Some of our competitors are diversified companies with greater financial resources and more extensive research,
engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and customer service and support capabilities than we possess. We face competition from companies whose strategy is to provide a broad array of products and services, some of which compete with the products and
services that we offer. These competitors may bundle their products in a manner that may discourage customers from purchasing our products, including pricing such competitive tools significantly below our product offerings. In addition, we face
competition from smaller emerging semiconductor equipment companies whose strategy is to provide a portion of the products and services that we offer, using innovative technology to sell products into specialized markets. Loss of competitive
position could negatively affect our prices, customer orders, revenues, gross margins and market share, any of which would negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. 

We have recorded significant restructuring, inventory write-off and asset impairment charges in the past and may do so again in the future, which
could have a material negative impact on our business. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, we recorded material
restructuring charges of $38.7 million related to our global workforce reduction, large excess inventory write-offs of $85.6 million, and material impairment charges of $446.7 million related to our goodwill and purchased intangible assets. If the
current challenging economic conditions persist, we may implement additional cost-reduction actions, which would require us to take additional, potentially material, restructuring charges related to, among other things, employee terminations or exit
costs. We may also be required to write off additional inventory if our product build plans or usage of service inventory experience further declines, and such additional write-offs could constitute material charges. 

As noted above, we recorded a material charge during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009 related to the impairment of our goodwill and purchased
intangible assets. Goodwill represents the excess of costs over the net fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized, but is instead tested for 

15 

Table of Contents

impairment at least annually in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 142, Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets. Purchased intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives using the straight-line method, and are reviewed for impairment in accordance with SFAS
No. 144,
 Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. The valuation of goodwill and intangible assets requires assumptions and estimates of many critical factors, including revenue and market growth, operating cash flows,
market multiples, and discount rates. A substantial decline in our stock price, or any other adverse change in market conditions, particularly if such change has the effect of changing one of the critical assumptions or estimates we used to
calculate the amount of such impairment charge, could result in a change to the estimation of fair value that could result in an additional impairment charge. 

Any such additional material charges, whether related to restructuring or goodwill or purchased intangible asset impairment, may have a material negative impact on our operating results and related financial
statements. 

We are exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base. 

Our customer base, particularly in the semiconductor industry, historically has been, and is becoming increasingly, highly concentrated. In this
environment, orders from a relatively limited number of manufacturers have accounted for, and are expected to continue to account for, a substantial portion of our sales. In addition, the mix and type of customers, and sales to any single customer,
may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year. If customers do not place orders, or they delay or cancel orders, we may not be able to replace the business. Furthermore, because our products are configured to customer
specifications, any changes, delays or cancellations of orders may result in significant, non-recoverable costs. Major customers may also seek, and on occasion receive, pricing, payment, intellectual property-related, or other commercial terms that
are less favorable to us. Also, certain customers have undergone significant ownership changes, experienced management changes or have outsourced manufacturing activities, any of which may result in additional complexities in managing customer
relationships and transactions. In the current challenging economic environment, we are exposed to additional risks related to the continued financial viability of certain of our customers. For instance, during the fiscal year ended June 30,
2009, we increased our allowance for doubtful accounts by $23.2 million from $12.3 million at June 30, 2008 for potential losses relating to a heightened risk of non-payment of accounts receivable by customers facing financial difficulty. To
the extent our customers experience liquidity issues, we may be required to incur additional bad debt expense with respect to receivables owed to us by those customers. In addition, customers with liquidity issues may be forced to discontinue
operations or may be acquired by one of our customers, and in either case such event would have the effect of further consolidating our customer base. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
operating results. 

A majority of our annual revenue is derived from outside the United States, and we expect that international
revenue will continue to represent a substantial percentage of our revenue. A protracted economic slowdown in any of the countries in which we do business may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

A majority of our annual revenue is derived from outside the United States, and we expect that international revenue will continue to represent a
substantial percentage of our revenue. Our international revenue and operations are affected by economic conditions specific to each country and region. Because of our significant dependence on international revenue, a decline in the economies of
any of the countries or regions in which we do business could negatively affect our operating results. Managing global operations and sites located throughout the world presents challenges associated with, among other things, cultural diversity and
organizational alignment. Moreover, each region in the global semiconductor equipment market exhibits unique characteristics that can cause capital equipment investment patterns to vary significantly from period to period. Periodic local or
international economic downturns, trade balance issues, tariffs or other trade barriers, political instability, legal or regulatory changes or terrorism in regions where we have operations or where we do business, along with fluctuations in interest
and currency exchange rates, could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Although we attempt to manage near-term currency risks through the use of hedging instruments, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be adequate.

16 

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Our Business 

If we do not develop and introduce new products and technologies in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements, our business could be seriously harmed. 

Success in the semiconductor equipment industry depends, in part, on continual improvement of existing technologies and rapid innovation of new
solutions. For example, the size of semiconductor devices continues to shrink and the industry is currently transitioning to the use of new materials and innovative fab processes. While we expect these trends will increase our customers’
reliance on diagnostic products such as ours, we cannot be sure that these trends will directly improve our business. These and other evolving customer needs require us to respond with continued development programs and to cut back or discontinue
older programs, which may no longer have industry-wide support. Technical innovations are inherently complex and require long development cycles and appropriate staffing of highly qualified employees. Our competitive advantage and future business
success depend on our ability to accurately predict evolving industry standards, to develop and introduce new products that successfully address changing customer needs, to win market acceptance of these new products and to manufacture these new
products in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

In this environment, we must continue to make significant investments in research and
development in order to enhance the performance, features and functionality of our products, to keep pace with competitive products and to satisfy customer demands. Substantial research and development costs typically are incurred before we confirm
the technical feasibility and commercial viability of a new product, and not all development activities result in commercially viable products. There can be no assurance that revenue from future products or product enhancements will be sufficient to
recover the development costs associated with such products or enhancements. In addition, we cannot be sure that these products or enhancements will receive market acceptance or that we will be able to sell these products at prices that are
favorable to us. Our business will be seriously harmed if we are unable to sell our products at favorable prices or if the market in which we operate does not accept our products. 

Our business would be harmed if we do not receive sufficient parts to meet our production requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner.

We use a wide range of materials in the production of our products, including custom electronic and mechanical components, and we
use numerous suppliers to supply these materials. We generally do not have guaranteed supply arrangements with our suppliers. Because of the variability and uniqueness of customers’ orders, we do not maintain an extensive inventory of materials
for manufacturing. We seek to minimize the risk of production and service interruptions and/or shortages of key parts by selecting and qualifying alternative suppliers for key parts, monitoring the financial stability of key suppliers and
maintaining appropriate inventories of key parts. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that parts are available from multiple suppliers, key parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. In addition, if
certain of our key suppliers experience liquidity issues and are forced to discontinue operations, which is a heightened risk during the current economic downturn, that would affect their ability to deliver parts and could result in delays for our
products. Our operating results and business may be adversely impacted if we are unable to obtain parts to meet our production requirements, or if we are only able to do so on unfavorable terms. 

Disruption of our manufacturing facilities due to earthquake, flood, other natural catastrophic events or terrorism could result in cancellation of
orders or loss of customers and could seriously harm our business. 

We have significant manufacturing operations in the United
States, with additional operations in Israel, Singapore, Belgium, Germany and China. Operations at our manufacturing facilities and our assembly subcontractors are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, acts of
war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, energy shortages, flooding or other natural disasters. Such disruption could cause delays in shipments of products to our customers. We cannot ensure that alternate production capacity would be available if a major
disruption were to occur or that, if it were available, it could be obtained on favorable terms. 

17 

Table of Contents

As part of the cost-cutting actions that we have recently announced, we are currently in the process of
consolidating several of our operating facilities. During fiscal year 2009 and in previous years, our operations in California have been distributed among several locations, including Milpitas, San Jose, Fremont and Santa Clara. However, upon
completion of our current consolidation efforts, our California operations will be primarily centralized in our Milpitas facility. The consolidation of our California operations into a single campus could further concentrate the risks related to any
of the disruptive events described in the preceding paragraph, such as acts of war or terrorism, earthquakes, fires or other natural disasters, if any such event were to impact our Milpitas facility. 

We outsource a number of services to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the performance of these functions.
Disruptions or delays at our third-party service providers could adversely impact our operations. 

We outsource a number of
services, including our transportation and logistics management of spare parts, to domestic and overseas third-party service providers. While outsourcing arrangements may lower our cost of operations, they also reduce our direct control over the
services rendered. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of products delivered or services rendered, or our ability to quickly respond to changing market conditions. Disruptions or delays at our
third-party service providers due to events such as regional economic, business, environmental or political events, information technology system failures or military actions could adversely impact our operations and our ability to ship products,
manage our product inventory or record and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. 

Our success
is dependent in part on our technology and other proprietary rights. If we are unable to maintain our lead or protect our proprietary technology, we may lose valuable assets. 

Our success is dependent in part on our technology and other proprietary rights. We own various United States and international patents and have
additional pending patent applications relating to some of our products and technologies. The process of seeking patent protection is lengthy and expensive, and we cannot be certain that pending or future applications will actually result in issued
patents or that issued patents will be of sufficient scope or strength to provide meaningful protection or commercial advantage to us. Other companies and individuals, including our larger competitors, may develop technologies and obtain patents
relating to our business that are similar or superior to our technology or may design around the patents we own, adversely affecting our business. In addition, we at times engage in collaborative technology development efforts with our customers and
suppliers, and these collaborations may constitute a key component of certain of our ongoing technology and product research and development projects. The termination of any such collaboration, or delays caused by disputes or other unanticipated
challenges that may arise in connection with any such collaboration, could significantly impair our research and development efforts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations. 

We also maintain trademarks on certain of our products and services and claim copyright protection for certain proprietary software and documentation.
However, we can give no assurance that our trademarks and copyrights will be upheld or successfully deter infringement by third parties. 

While patent, copyright and trademark protection for our intellectual property is important, we believe our future success in highly dynamic markets is most dependent upon the technical competence and creative skills of our personnel. We
attempt to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information through confidentiality and other agreements with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants and through other security measures. We also maintain exclusive and
non-exclusive licenses with third parties for strategic technology used in certain products. However, these employees, consultants and third parties may breach these agreements, and we may not have adequate remedies for wrongdoing. In addition, the
laws of certain territories in which we develop, manufacture or sell our products may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. In any event, the extent to which we can protect our trade
secrets through the use of confidentiality agreements is limited, and our success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to innovate ahead of our competitors. 

18 

Table of Contents

We might be involved in intellectual property disputes or other intellectual property infringement
claims that may be costly to resolve, prevent us from selling or using the challenged technology and seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. 

As is typical in the semiconductor equipment industry, from time to time we have received communications from other parties asserting the existence of patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights or other intellectual
property rights which they believe cover certain of our products, processes, technologies or information. In addition, we occasionally receive notification from customers who believe that we owe them indemnification or other obligations related to
intellectual property claims made against such customers by third parties. Litigation tends to be expensive and requires significant management time and attention and could have a negative effect on our results of operations or business if we lose
or have to settle a case on significantly adverse terms. Our customary practice is to evaluate such infringement assertions and to consider whether to seek licenses where appropriate. However, we cannot ensure that licenses can be obtained or, if
obtained, will be on acceptable terms or that costly litigation or other administrative proceedings will not occur. The inability to obtain necessary licenses or other rights on reasonable terms, or the instigation of litigation or other
administrative proceedings, could seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. 

We depend on key personnel to manage
our business effectively, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our key employees, our sales and product development could be harmed. 

Our employees are vital to our success, and our key management, engineering and other employees are difficult to replace. We generally do not have employment contracts with our key employees. Further, we do not
maintain key person life insurance on any of our employees. The expansion of high technology companies worldwide has increased demand and competition for qualified personnel. If we are unable to retain key personnel, or if we are not able to
attract, assimilate or retain additional highly qualified employees to meet our needs in the future, our business and operations could be harmed. 

Acquisitions are an important element of our strategy but, because of the uncertainties involved, we may not find suitable acquisition candidates and we may not be able to successfully integrate and manage acquired businesses. We are
also exposed to risks in connection with strategic alliances into which we may enter. 

In addition to our efforts to develop new
technologies from internal sources, part of our growth strategy is to pursue acquisitions and acquire new technologies from external sources. As part of this effort, we may make acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses with
complementary products, services and/or technologies. There can be no assurance that we will find suitable acquisition candidates or that acquisitions we complete will be successful. In addition, we may use equity to finance future acquisitions,
which would increase our number of shares outstanding and be dilutive to current shareholders. 

If we are unable to successfully integrate
and manage acquired businesses or if acquired businesses perform poorly, then our business and financial results may suffer. It is possible that the businesses we have acquired, as well as businesses that we may acquire in the future, may perform
worse than expected or prove to be more difficult to integrate and manage than expected. In addition, we may lose key employees of the acquired companies. As a result, risks associated with acquisition transactions may give rise to a material
adverse effect on our business and financial results for a number of reasons, including: 

•

 we may have to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to acquired businesses; 

•

 the combination of businesses may cause the loss of key personnel or an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of our company and/or the acquired
business; 

•

 we may not be able to realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from our acquisitions; 

•

 we may experience challenges in entering into new market segments for which we have not previously manufactured and sold products; 

19 

Table of Contents

•

 we may face difficulties in coordinating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

•

 the customers, suppliers, employees and others with whom the companies we acquire have business dealings may have a potentially adverse reaction to the acquisition;

•

 we may have to write-off goodwill or other intangible assets; and 

•

 we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions. 

At times, we may also enter into strategic alliances with customers, suppliers or other business partners with respect to development of technology and
intellectual property. These alliances typically require significant investments of capital and exchange of proprietary, highly sensitive information. The success of these alliances depends on various factors over which we may have limited or no
control and requires ongoing and effective cooperation with our strategic partners. Mergers and acquisitions and strategic alliances are inherently subject to significant risks, and the inability to effectively manage these risks could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Compliance with federal securities laws, rules and
regulations, as well as NASDAQ requirements, is becoming increasingly complex, and the significant attention and expense we must devote to those areas may have an adverse impact on our business. 

Federal securities laws, rules and regulations, as well as NASDAQ rules and regulations, require companies to maintain extensive corporate governance
measures, impose comprehensive reporting and disclosure requirements, set strict independence and financial expertise standards for audit and other committee members and impose civil and criminal penalties for companies and their chief executive
officers, chief financial officers and directors for securities law violations. These laws, rules and regulations have increased, and in the future are expected to continue to increase, the scope, complexity and cost of our corporate governance,
reporting and disclosure practices, which could harm our results of operations and divert management’s attention from business operations. 

We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist acts and acts of war. If international political instability continues or increases, our business and results of operations could be harmed.

The threat of terrorism targeted at the regions of the world in which we do business increases the uncertainty in our markets. Any
act of terrorism which affects the economy or the semiconductor industry could adversely affect our business. Increased international political instability in various parts of the world, disruption in air transportation and further enhanced security
measures as a result of terrorist attacks, may hinder our ability to do business and may increase our costs of operations. Such continuing instability could cause us to incur increased costs in transportation, make such transportation unreliable,
increase our insurance costs, and cause international currency markets to fluctuate. This same instability could have the same effects on our suppliers and their ability to timely deliver their products. If international political instability
continues or increases, our business and results of operations could be harmed. We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist acts and acts of war. 

We self insure certain risks including earthquake risk. If one or more of the uninsured events occurs, we could suffer major financial loss.

We purchase insurance to help mitigate the economic impact of certain insurable risks; however, certain other risks are uninsurable
or are insurable only at significant cost or cannot be mitigated with insurance. An earthquake could significantly disrupt our manufacturing operations, most of which are conducted in California, an area highly susceptible to earthquakes. It could
also significantly delay our research and engineering efforts on new products, most of which are also conducted in California. We take steps to minimize the damage that would 

20 

Table of Contents

be caused by an earthquake, but there is no certainty that our efforts will prove successful in the event of an earthquake. We self insure earthquake risks
because we believe this is a prudent financial decision based on our large cash reserves and the high cost and limited coverage available in the earthquake insurance market. Certain other risks are also self-insured either based on a similar
cost-benefit analysis, or based on the unavailability of insurance. If one or more of the uninsured events occurs, we could suffer major financial loss. 

A change in accounting standards or practices or a change in existing taxation rules or practices (or changes in interpretations of such standards, practices or rules) can have a significant effect on our
reported results and may even affect reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. 

New accounting
pronouncements and taxation rules and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements and taxation rules have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to (or revised interpretations of) existing tax or accounting rules or the questioning
of current or past practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. 

For example, the
adoption of SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment, which required us to measure all employee stock-based compensation awards using a fair value method beginning in fiscal year 2006 and record such expense in our consolidated financial
statements, has had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, as reported under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

A change in our effective tax rate can have a significant adverse impact on our business. 

A number of factors may adversely impact our future effective tax rates, such as the jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and
taxed; the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities; changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; increases in expenses
not deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired in-process research and development and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions; changes in available tax credits; changes in share-based compensation expense; changes
in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws (for example, proposals for fundamental U.S. international tax reform, such as the recent proposal by President Obama’s Administration, if enacted); changes in generally accepted accounting
principles; and the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for U.S. taxes. A change in our effective tax rate can adversely impact our results from operations. 

We are exposed to various risks related to the legal and regulatory environments in which we perform our operations and conduct our business.

We are subject to various risks related to compliance with new, existing, different, inconsistent or even conflicting laws, rules
and regulations enacted by legislative bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries in which we operate and with which we must comply, including environmental, safety, antitrust and export control regulations. For example, we are subject to
environmental and safety regulations in connection with our global business operations, including regulations related to the development, manufacture and use of our products, recycling and disposal of materials used in our products or in producing
our products, the operation of our facilities, and the use of our real property. Our failure or inability to comply with existing or future laws, rules or regulations, or changes to existing laws, rules or regulations, including changes that result
in inconsistent or conflicting laws, rules or regulations, in the countries in which we operate could result in violations of contractual or regulatory obligations that may adversely affect our reported financial results or our ability to conduct
our business. 

In addition, we may from time to time be involved in legal proceedings or claims regarding employment, contracts, product
performance, product liability, antitrust, environmental regulations, securities, unfair competition and other matters (in addition to proceedings and claims related to intellectual property matters, which are separately discussed elsewhere in this
Item 1A). These legal proceedings and claims, regardless of 

21 

Table of Contents

their merit, may be time-consuming and expensive to prosecute or defend, divert management’s attention and resources, and/or inhibit our ability to sell
our products. There can be no assurance regarding the outcome of current or future legal proceedings or claims, which could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and our ability to operate our business. 

We are also exposed to additional risks related to our receipt of external funding for certain strategic development programs from various governments
and government agencies, both domestically and internationally. Under the terms of these government grants, the applicable granting agency typically has the right to audit the costs that we incur, directly and indirectly, in connection with such
programs. Any such audit could result in modifications to, or even termination of, the applicable government funding program. For example, if an audit were to identify any costs as being improperly allocated to the applicable program, those costs
would not be reimbursed, and any such costs that had already been reimbursed would have to be refunded. We do not know the outcome of any future audits. Any adverse finding resulting from any such audit could lead to penalties (financial or
otherwise), termination of funding programs, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from receiving future government funding from the applicable government or government agency, any of which could adversely impact our operating
results, financial condition and our ability to operate our business. 

We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
although we hedge certain currency risks, we may still be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates or declining economic conditions in these countries. 

We have some exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the Euro and the Japanese Yen. We have international subsidiaries
that operate and sell our products globally. We routinely hedge our exposures to certain foreign currencies with various financial institutions in an effort to minimize the impact of certain currency exchange rate fluctuations, but these hedges may
be inadequate to protect us from currency exchange rate fluctuations. To the extent that these hedges are inadequate, or if there are significant currency exchange rate fluctuations in currencies for which we do not have hedges in place, our
reported financial results or the way we conduct our business could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if a financial counter-party to our hedges experiences financial difficulties or is otherwise unable to honor the terms of the foreign currency
hedge, we may experience material financial losses. 

We are exposed to risks related to our financial arrangements with respect to
receivables factoring and banking arrangements. 

We enter into factoring arrangements with financial institutions to sell certain of
our trade receivables and promissory notes from customers without recourse. In addition, we maintain bank accounts with several domestic and foreign financial institutions, any of which may prove not to be financially viable. If we were to stop
entering into these factoring arrangements, our operating results, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted by delays or failures in collecting trade receivables. However, by entering into these arrangements, and by engaging
these financial institutions for banking services, we are exposed to additional risks. If any of these financial institutions experiences financial difficulties or is otherwise unable to honor the terms of our factoring or deposit arrangements, we
may experience material financial losses due to the failure of such arrangements or a lack of access to our funds, any of which could have an adverse impact upon our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 

There are risks associated with our outstanding indebtedness. 

As of June 30, 2009, we had $750 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness represented by our senior notes that will mature in 2018, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the
future. Our ability to pay interest and repay the principal for our indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to manage our business operations and the other risk factors discussed in this section. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
manage any of these risks successfully. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our outlook or credit rating could negatively affect the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. 

22 

Table of Contents

In certain circumstances involving a change of control followed by a downgrade of the rating of our
senior notes, we will be required to make an offer to repurchase the senior notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. We cannot make any assurance that we
will have sufficient financial resources at such time or will be able to arrange financing to pay the repurchase price of the senior notes. Our ability to repurchase the senior notes in such event may be limited by law, by the indenture associated
with the senior notes, or by the terms of other agreements to which we may be party at such time. If we fail to repurchase the senior notes as required by the indenture, it would constitute an event of default under the indenture governing the
senior notes which, in turn, may also constitute an event of default under other of our obligations. 

We are exposed to fluctuations
in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could harm our earnings. In addition, we and our stockholders are exposed to risks related to the volatility of the market for our common stock.

Our investment portfolio consists of both corporate and government securities that have a maximum effective maturity of 10 years.
The longer the duration of these securities, the more susceptible they are to changes in market interest rates and bond yields. As yields increase, those securities with a lower yield-at-cost show a mark-to-market unrealized loss. We have the
ability to realize the full value of all these investments upon maturity. Unrealized losses are due to changes in interest rates and bond yields. 

Auction rate securities backed by student loans which are collateralized, insured and guaranteed by the United States Federal Department of Education are also included in our investment portfolio. Due to the current illiquidity in the
auction rate security market, the funds associated with these failed auctions may not be accessible until the issuer calls the security, a successful auction occurs, a buyer is found outside of the auction process, or the security matures. Although
we believe our auction rate securities continue to represent sound investments due to the AAA/Aaa credit ratings of the underlying investments, we may be forced to sell some of our auction rate securities portfolio under illiquid market conditions,
which could result in our recognizing a loss on such sales. 

In August 2008, UBS AG entered into a settlement in principle with the SEC and
various state regulatory agencies to restore liquidity to all clients holding auction rate securities. Per the settlement, UBS has agreed to offer certain clients the option to redeem all of their auction rate securities at par, no loss, from UBS
between June 30, 2010 and June 30, 2012, and we formally accepted this offer and entered into a repurchase agreement with UBS on November 11, 2008. However, UBS has expressly disclaimed any assurance that it will have enough financial
resources necessary to perform its obligations under the agreement. If we elect to retain our auction rate securities in reliance upon that offer, with the intent of participating in the offer, but UBS is unable to satisfy its obligations under the
offer at the applicable time, we may be required to sell the auction rate securities at that time at a significant loss or hold the auction rate securities until they may be sold, which could have an adverse impact upon our operating results and
financial condition. 

In addition, the market price for our common stock is volatile and has fluctuated significantly during recent years.
The trading price of our common stock could continue to be highly volatile and fluctuate widely in response to various factors, including without limitation conditions in the semiconductor industry and other industries in which we operate,
fluctuations in the global economy or capital markets, our operating results or other performance metrics, or adverse consequences experienced by us as a result of any of the risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A. Volatility in the market
price of our common stock could cause an investor in our common stock to experience a loss on the value of their investment in us and could also adversely impact our ability to raise capital through the sale of our common stock or to use our common
stock as consideration to acquire other companies. 

23 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to risks related to our indemnification of third parties and the performance of our
products. 

From time to time, in the normal course of business, we indemnify third parties with whom we enter into contractual
relationships, including customers and lessors, with respect to certain matters. We have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or
covenants, other third party claims that our products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against certain parties. We may be compelled to enter into or
accrue for probable settlements of alleged indemnification obligations or subject to potential liability arising from our customers’ involvements in legal disputes. In addition, notwithstanding the provisions related to limitations on our
liability that we seek to include in our business agreements, the counter-parties to such agreements may dispute our interpretation or application of such provisions, and a court of law may not interpret or apply such provisions in our favor, any of
which could result in an obligation for us to pay material damages to third parties and engage in costly legal proceedings. It is difficult to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under any indemnification obligations, whether or not
asserted, due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in any particular claim. Our business, financial condition and results of operations in a reported fiscal
period could be materially adversely affected if we expend significant amounts in defending or settling any purported claims, regardless of their merit or outcomes. 

We are also exposed to potential costs associated with unexpected product performance issues. Our products and production processes are extremely complex and thus could contain unexpected product defects, especially
when products are first introduced. Unexpected product performance issues could result in significant costs being incurred by us, including increased service or warranty costs, providing product replacements for (or modifications to) defective
products, litigation related to defective products, product recalls, or product write-offs or disposal costs. These costs could be substantial and could have an adverse impact upon our business, financial condition and operating results. In
addition, our reputation with our customers could be damaged as a result of such product defects, which could reduce demand for our products and negatively impact our business. 

We rely upon certain critical information systems for our daily business operation. Our inability to use or access these information systems at
critical points in time could unfavorably impact the timeliness and efficiency of our business operations. 

Our global operations
are linked by information systems, including telecommunications, the internet, our corporate intranet, network communications, email and various computer hardware and software applications. Despite our implementation of network security measures,
our tools and servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems and tools located at customer sites, or could be subject to system failures or malfunctions for other
reasons. Any such event could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We may experience
difficulties with our customer relationship management (“CRM”) system, enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system or other IT systems. System failure or malfunctioning may result in a disruption of operations or the inability to
process transactions, and this could adversely affect our financial results

. 

We may experience difficulties
with our recently implemented CRM system that could disrupt our ability to timely and accurately process and report key components of the results of our consolidated operations, our financial position and cash flows. System failure or malfunctioning
could disrupt our ability to timely and accurately process and report key components of our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Any disruptions or difficulties that may occur in connection with our ERP system or other systems
(whether in connection with the regular operation of such systems or as a result of the integration of our acquired businesses into such systems) could also adversely affect our ability to complete important business processes such as the 

24 

Table of Contents

evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we encounter unforeseen
problems with regard to our CRM system, ERP system or other systems, our business could be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to the Restatement of Our
Prior Financial Results 

We have been named as a party to a number of shareholder derivative and class action lawsuits relating to
our historical stock option practices, and we may be named in additional lawsuits in the future. This litigation has been and continues to be time consuming and expensive and could result in the payment of significant judgments and settlements,
which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In connection with our historical
stock option practices and resulting restatements, a number of derivative actions were filed against certain of our current and former directors and officers purporting to assert claims on the Company’s behalf. In addition, a number of
securities class action complaints were filed against us and certain of our current and former directors and officers seeking damages related to our historical stock option practices and the resulting investigation, inquiries and restatements. There
may be additional lawsuits or other legal proceedings of this nature filed in the future (such as claims by former officers and employees in connection with their stock options, employment terminations and other matters). We cannot predict the
outcome of these lawsuits, nor can we predict the amount of time and expense that will be required to resolve these lawsuits. If these lawsuits become time consuming and expensive, or if there are unfavorable outcomes in any of these cases, there
could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our insurance coverage will not cover
our total liabilities and expenses in these lawsuits, in part because we have a significant deductible on certain aspects of the coverage. In addition, subject to certain limitations, we are obligated to indemnify our current and former directors,
officers and employees in connection with the investigation of our historical stock option practices and the related litigation and government actions. We currently hold insurance policies for the benefit of our directors and officers, although our
insurance coverage may not be sufficient in some or all of these matters. Furthermore, the insurers may seek to deny or limit coverage in some or all of these matters, in which case we may have to self-fund all or a substantial portion of our
indemnification obligations. 

We are subject to the risks of additional government actions in the event we were to breach the terms
of any settlement arrangement into which we have entered. 

In connection with the settlement of certain government actions and other
legal proceedings related to our historical stock option practices, we have explicitly agreed as a condition to such settlements that we will comply with certain laws, such as the books and records provisions of the federal securities laws. If we
were to violate any such law, we might not only be subject to the significant penalties applicable to such violation, but our past settlements may also be impacted by such violation, which could give rise to additional government actions or other
legal proceedings. Any such additional actions or proceedings may require us to expend significant management time and incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses, and may divert attention and resources from the operation of our business.
These expenditures and diversions, as well as an adverse resolution of any such action or proceeding, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Special Committee investigation of our historical stock option practices and the resulting restatements have been time consuming and expensive,
and have had a material adverse effect on us. 

The Special Committee investigation and the resulting restatement activities have
required us to expend significant management time and incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses. The period of time that will be necessary to resolve these matters is uncertain, and these matters could require significant additional
attention and resources. 

25 

Table of Contents