Risks Associated with Our Industry and Market
Conditions 

The semiconductor equipment industry is highly cyclical. The purchasing decisions of our customers are highly
dependent on the economies of both the local markets in which they are located and the semiconductor industry worldwide. If we fail to respond to industry cycles, our business could be seriously harmed. 

The timing, length and severity of the up-and-down cycles in the semiconductor equipment industry are difficult to predict. This cyclical nature of the
industry in which we operate affects our ability to accurately predict future revenue, and in some cases, future expense levels. In the current environment, our ability to accurately predict our future operating results is particularly low. During
down cycles in our industry, the financial results of our customers may be negatively impacted, which could result not only in a decrease in orders but also a weakening of their financial condition that could impair our ability to recognize revenue
from certain customers. Furthermore, in the current credit environment, it may be more difficult for our customers to raise capital, whether debt or equity, to finance their purchases of capital equipment, including the products we sell. If our
customers experience persistent difficulties in raising capital for equipment financing, we could experience a decrease in orders for our products. When cyclical fluctuations result in lower than expected revenue levels, operating results may be
adversely affected and cost reduction measures may be necessary in order for us to remain competitive and financially sound. During periods of declining revenues, such as in the current environment, we must be in a position to adjust our cost and
expense structure to prevailing market conditions and to continue to motivate and retain our key employees. If we fail to respond, then our business could be seriously harmed. In addition, during periods of rapid growth, we must be able to increase
manufacturing capacity and personnel to meet customer demand. We can provide no assurance that these objectives can be met in a timely manner in response to industry cycles. Each of these factors could adversely impact our operating results and
financial condition. 

Our business is ultimately driven by the global demand for electronic devices by consumers and businesses. The
vast majority of our annual revenue is derived from outside the United States, and we expect that international revenue will continue to represent a substantial percentage of our revenue. A protracted global economic slowdown may adversely affect
our business and results of operations. 

The vast majority of our annual revenue is derived from outside the United States, and we
expect that international revenue will continue to represent a substantial percentage of our revenue. Our international revenue and operations are affected by economic conditions specific to each country and region. Because of our significant
dependence on international revenue, a decline in the economies of any of the countries or regions in which we do business could negatively affect our operating results. Managing global operations and sites located throughout the world presents
challenges associated with, among other things, cultural diversity and organizational alignment. Moreover, each region in the global semiconductor equipment market exhibits unique characteristics that can cause capital equipment investment patterns
to vary significantly from period to period. Periodic local or international economic downturns, trade balance issues, political instability, legal or regulatory changes or terrorism in regions where we have operations along with fluctuations in
interest and currency exchange rates could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Although we attempt to manage near-term currency risks through the use of hedging instruments, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be
adequate. 

Our future performance depends, in part, upon our ability to continue to compete successfully worldwide.

Our industry includes large manufacturers with substantial resources to support customers worldwide. Some of our competitors are
diversified companies with greater financial resources and more extensive research, engineering, manufacturing, marketing and customer service and support capabilities than we possess. We face competition from companies whose strategy is to provide
a broad array of products and services, some of which compete with the products and services that we offer. These competitors may bundle their products in a manner that may discourage customers from purchasing our products, including pricing such
competitive tools significantly below our product offerings. In addition, we face competition from smaller emerging semiconductor 

12 

equipment companies whose strategy is to provide a portion of the products and services that we offer, using innovative technology to sell products into
specialized markets. Loss of competitive position could negatively affect our prices, customer orders, revenue, gross margins, and market share, any of which would negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

If we do not
develop and introduce new products and technologies in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements, our business could be seriously harmed. 

Success in the semiconductor equipment industry depends, in part, on continual improvement of existing technologies and rapid innovation of new solutions.
For example, the size of semiconductor devices continues to shrink and the industry is currently transitioning to the use of new materials and innovative fab processes. While we expect these trends will increase our customers’ reliance on our
diagnostic products, we cannot be sure that they will directly improve our business. These and other evolving customer needs require us to respond with continued development programs and to cut back or discontinue older programs, which may no longer
have industry-wide support. Technical innovations are inherently complex and require long development cycles and appropriate staffing of highly qualified employees. Our competitive advantage and future business success depend on our ability to
accurately predict evolving industry standards, to develop and introduce new products and services that successfully address changing customer needs, to win market acceptance of these new products and services and to manufacture these new products
in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

In this environment, we must continue to make significant investments in research and development
in order to enhance the performance and functionality of our products, to keep pace with competitive products and to satisfy customer demands for improved performance, features and functionality. Substantial research and development costs typically
are incurred before we confirm the technical feasibility and commercial viability of a new product, and not all development activities result in commercially viable products. Moreover, we supplement our research and development efforts with a
significant focus on acquisitions and investments in third parties. There can be no assurance that revenue from future products or product enhancements will be sufficient to recover the development, acquisition or investment expenditures associated
with such products or enhancements. In addition, we cannot be sure that these products or enhancements will receive market acceptance or that we will be able to sell these products at prices that are favorable to us. Our business will be seriously
harmed if we are unable to sell our products at favorable prices or if the market in which we operate does not accept our products. 

Our business would be harmed if we do not receive sufficient parts to meet our production requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

We use a wide range of materials in the production of our products, including custom electronic and mechanical components, and we use numerous suppliers to supply these materials. We generally do not have guaranteed
supply arrangements with our suppliers. Because of the variability and uniqueness of customers’ orders, we do not maintain an extensive inventory of materials for manufacturing. We seek to minimize the risk of production and service
interruptions and/or shortages of key parts by selecting and qualifying alternative suppliers for key parts, monitoring the financial stability of key suppliers and maintaining appropriate inventories of key parts. Although we make reasonable
efforts to ensure that parts are available from multiple suppliers, key parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Our operating results and business may be adversely impacted if we are unable to obtain parts
to meet our production requirements, or if we are only able to do so on unfavorable terms. 

Disruption of our manufacturing
facilities due to earthquake, flood, other natural catastrophic events or terrorism could result in cancellation of orders or loss of customers and could seriously harm our business. 

Most of our manufacturing facilities are located in the United States, with additional operations located in Israel and Singapore. Operations at our
manufacturing facilities and our assembly subcontractors are subject to 

13 

disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, energy shortages, flooding or other natural
disasters. Such disruption could cause delays in shipments of products to our customers. We cannot ensure that alternate production capacity would be available if a major disruption were to occur or that, if it were available, it could be obtained
on favorable terms. 

We outsource a number of services to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the
performance of these functions. Disruptions or delays at our third-party service providers could adversely impact our operations. 

We outsource a number of services, including our transportation and logistics management of spare parts, to domestic and overseas third-party service providers. While outsourcing arrangements may lower our cost of operations, they also
reduce our direct control over the services rendered. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of products delivered or services rendered, or our ability to quickly respond to changing market
conditions. Disruptions or delays at our third-party service providers due to events such as regional economic, business, environmental or political events, information technology system failures or military actions could adversely impact our
operations and our ability to ship products, manage our product inventory or record and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. 

Our success is dependent in part on our technology and other proprietary rights. If we are unable to maintain our lead or protect our proprietary technology, we may lose valuable assets and market share.

Our success is dependent in part on our technology and other proprietary rights. We own various United States and international
patents and have additional pending patent applications relating to some of our products and technologies. The process of seeking patent protection is lengthy and expensive, and we cannot be certain that pending or future applications will actually
result in issued patents or that issued patents will be of sufficient scope or strength to provide meaningful protection or commercial advantage to us. Other companies and individuals, including our larger competitors, may develop technologies and
obtain patents relating to our business that are similar or superior to our technology or may design around the patents we own, adversely affecting our business. 

We also maintain trademarks on certain of our products and services and claim copyright protection for certain proprietary software and documentation. However, we can give no assurance that our trademarks and
copyrights will be upheld or successfully deter infringement by third parties. 

While patent, copyright and trademark protection for our
intellectual property is important, we believe our future success in highly dynamic markets is most dependent upon the technical competence and creative skills of our personnel. We attempt to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary
information through confidentiality and other agreements with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants and through other security measures. We have also published internal policies that set forth how employees and contractors are to
handle our proprietary information. We also maintain exclusive and non-exclusive licenses with third parties for strategic technology used in certain products. However, these employees, consultants and third parties may breach these agreements and
policies, and we may not have adequate remedies for wrongdoing. In addition, the laws of certain territories in which we develop, manufacture or sell our products may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of
the United States. In any event, the extent to which we can protect our trade secrets through the use of confidentiality agreements is limited, and our success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to innovate ahead of our competitors.

We might be involved in intellectual property disputes or other intellectual property infringement claims that may be costly to
resolve, prevent us from selling or using the challenged technology and seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. 

As is typical in the semiconductor equipment industry, from time to time we have received communications from other parties asserting the existence of patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights or other intellectual 

14 

property rights which they believe cover certain of our products, processes, technologies or information. Litigation tends to be expensive and requires
significant management time and attention and could have a negative effect on our results of operations or business if we lose or have to settle a case on significantly adverse terms. Our customary practice is to evaluate such infringement
assertions and to consider whether to seek licenses where appropriate. However, we cannot ensure that licenses can be obtained or, if obtained, will be on acceptable terms or that costly litigation or other administrative proceedings will not occur.
The inability to obtain necessary licenses or other rights on reasonable terms, or the instigation of litigation or other administrative proceedings, could seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. 

We depend on key personnel to manage our business effectively, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our key employees, our sales
and product development could be harmed. 

Our employees are vital to our success, and our key management, engineering and other
employees are difficult to replace. We generally do not have employment contracts with our key employees. Further, we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our employees. The expansion of high technology companies worldwide has
increased demand and competition for qualified personnel. If we are unable to retain key personnel, or if we are not able to attract, assimilate or retain additional highly qualified employees to meet our needs in the future, our business and
operations could be harmed. 

Acquisitions are an important element of our strategy but, because of the uncertainties involved, we may
not find suitable acquisition candidates and we may not be able to successfully integrate and manage acquired businesses. 

In
addition to our efforts to develop new technologies from internal sources, part of our growth strategy is to pursue acquisitions and acquire new technologies from external sources. As part of this effort, we may make acquisitions of, or significant
investments in, businesses with complementary products, services and/or technologies. There can be no assurance that we will find suitable acquisition candidates or that acquisitions we complete will be successful. In addition, we may use equity to
finance future acquisitions, which would increase our number of shares outstanding and be dilutive to current shareholders. 

If we are
unable to successfully integrate and manage acquired businesses or if acquired businesses perform poorly, then our business and financial results may suffer. It is possible that the businesses we have acquired, as well as businesses that we may
acquire in the future, may perform worse than expected or prove to be more difficult to integrate and manage than expected. In addition, we may lose key employees of the acquired companies. As a result, risks associated with acquisition transactions
may give rise to a material adverse effect on our business and financial results for a number of reasons, including: 

•

 we may have to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to acquired businesses; 

•

 the combination of businesses may cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of our company and/or the acquired business and the loss of key
personnel; 

•

 we may not be able to realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from our acquisitions; 

•

 we may experience challenges in entering into new market segments for which we have not previously manufactured and sold products; 

•

 difficulties in coordinating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

•

 the customers, suppliers, employees and others with whom the companies we acquire have business dealings may have a potentially adverse reaction to the acquisition;

•

 we may have to write-off goodwill or other intangible assets; and 

•

 we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions. 

15 

Compliance with federal securities laws, rules and regulations, as well as NASDAQ requirements, is
becoming increasingly complex, and the significant attention and expense we must devote to those areas may have an adverse impact on our business. 

Federal securities laws, rules and regulations, as well as NASDAQ rules and regulations, require companies to maintain extensive corporate governance measures, impose comprehensive reporting and disclosure
requirements, set strict independence and financial expertise standards for audit and other committee members and impose civil and criminal penalties for companies and their chief executive officers, chief financial officers and directors for
securities law violations. These laws, rules and regulations have increased and will continue to increase the scope, complexity and cost of our corporate governance, reporting and disclosure practices, which could harm our results of operations and
divert management’s attention from business operations. 

We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by
terrorist acts and acts of war. If international political instability continues or increases, our business and results of operation could be harmed. 

The threat of terrorism targeted at the regions of the world in which we do business increases the uncertainty in our markets. Any act of terrorism which affects the economy or the semiconductor industry could
adversely affect our business. Increased international political instability, disruption in air transportation and further enhanced security measures as a result of terrorist attacks, and the continuing instability in the Middle East, may hinder our
ability to do business and may increase our costs of operations. Such continuing instability could cause us to incur increased costs in transportation, make such transportation unreliable, increase our insurance costs, and cause international
currency markets to fluctuate. This same instability could have the same effects on our suppliers and their ability to timely deliver their products. If this international political instability continues or increases, our business and results of
operations could be harmed. We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist acts and acts of war. 

We
self insure certain risks including earthquake risk. If one or more of the uninsured events occurs, we could suffer major financial loss. 

We purchase insurance to help mitigate the economic impact of certain insurable risks; however, certain other risks are uninsurable or are insurable only at significant cost and cannot be mitigated with insurance. An earthquake could
significantly disrupt our manufacturing operations, most of which are conducted in California. It could also significantly delay our research and engineering effort on new products, most of which is also conducted in California. We take steps to
minimize the damage that would be caused by an earthquake, but there is no certainty that our efforts will prove successful in the event of an earthquake. We self insure earthquake risks because we believe this is a prudent financial decision based
on our large cash reserves and the high cost and limited coverage available in the earthquake insurance market. Certain other risks are also self insured either based on a similar cost benefit analysis, or based on the unavailability of insurance.
If one or more of the uninsured events occurs, we could suffer major financial loss. 

A change in accounting standards or practices
or a change in existing taxation rules or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. 

New accounting pronouncements and taxation rules and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements and taxation rules have occurred and may occur
in the future. Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. 

For example, the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment which required us to measure all employee stock-based compensation awards using a
fair value method beginning in fiscal year 2006 and record such expense in our consolidated financial statements, has had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, as reported under accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

16 

A change in the effective tax rate can have a significant adverse impact on our business. 

A number of factors may harm our future effective tax rates such as the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and
taxed, the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns, increases in expenses
not deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired in-process research and development and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions, changes in available tax credits, changes in share-based compensation expense, changes
in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws and changes in generally accepted accounting principles and the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for U.S. taxes. A change in the effective tax rate can
adversely impact our results from operations. 

We are exposed to various risks related to the regulatory environments where we
perform our operations and conduct our business. 

We are subject to various risks related to existing, new, different, inconsistent
or even conflicting laws, rules and regulations enacted by legislative bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries in which we operate and with which we must comply, including environmental, safety, antitrust and export control regulations.
Failure to comply with existing laws, rules or regulations, or changes, some of which may result in inconsistent or conflicting laws, rules or regulations, in the countries in which we operate could result in violations of contractual or regulatory
obligations that may adversely affect our reported financial results or our ability to conduct our business. 

We are exposed to
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; although we hedge certain currency risks, we may still be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates or declining economic conditions in these countries. 

We have some exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the Japanese Yen. We have international subsidiaries that operate
and sell our products globally. We routinely hedge these exposures in an effort to minimize the impact of currency rate fluctuations, but these hedges may be inadequate to protect us from currency rate fluctuations. To the extent that these hedges
are inadequate, our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business could be adversely affected. 

There are risks
associated with our outstanding indebtedness. 

As of June 30, 2008, we had $750 million aggregate principal amount of
outstanding indebtedness represented by our senior notes that will mature in 2018, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our ability to pay interest and repay the principal for our indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to
manage our business operations and the other factors discussed in this section. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage any of these risks successfully. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our outlook or credit rating could
negatively affect the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. 

In certain circumstances involving a change of control
followed by a downgrade of the rating of our senior notes, we will be required to make an offer to repurchase the senior notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid
interest. We cannot make any assurance that we will have sufficient financial resources at such time or will be able to arrange financing to pay the repurchase price of the senior notes. Our ability to repurchase the senior notes in such event may
be limited by law, by the indenture associated with the senior notes, by the terms of other agreements to which we may be party at such time. If we fail to repurchase the senior notes as required by the indenture, it would constitute an event of
default under the indenture governing the senior notes which, in turn, may also constitute an event of default under other of our obligations. 

17 

We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest
rates; impairment of our investments could harm our earnings. 

Our investment portfolio consists of both corporate and government
securities that have a maximum effective maturity of 10 years. The longer the duration of these securities, the more susceptible they are to changes in market interest rates and bond yields. As yields increase, those securities with a lower
yield-at-cost show a mark-to-market unrealized loss. We have the ability to realize the full value of all these investments upon maturity. Unrealized losses are due to changes in interest rates and bond yields. 

Auction rate securities backed by student loans which are collateralized, insured and guaranteed by the United States Federal Department of Education are
also included in our investment portfolio. Due to the current illiquidity in the auction rate security market, the funds associated with these failed auctions may not be accessible until the issuer calls the security, a successful auction occurs, a
buyer is found outside of the auction process, or the security matures. Although we believe our auction rate securities continue to represent sound investments due to the AAA/Aaa credit ratings of the underlying investments, we may be forced to sell
some of our auction rate securities portfolio under illiquid market conditions, which could result in our recognizing a loss on such sales. 

We rely upon certain critical information systems for our daily business operation. Our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact the timeliness and efficiency of our
business operation. 

Our global operations are linked by information systems, including telecommunications, the internet, our
corporate intranet, network communications, email and various computer hardware and software applications. Despite our implementation of network security measures, our tools and servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar
disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems and tools located at customer sites. Any such event could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We may experience difficulties with our new customer relationship management (“CRM”) system or existing enterprise resource planning
(“ERP”) system and other IT systems. System failure or malfunctioning may result in a disruption of operations or the inability to process transactions, and this could adversely affect our financial results

. 

We may experience difficulties with our new CRM system implemented in fiscal year 2008 that could disrupt our ability to timely and
accurately process and report key components of the results of our consolidated operations, our financial position and cash flows. System failure or malfunctioning could disrupt our ability to timely and accurately process and report key components
of our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Any disruptions or difficulties that may occur in connection with our ERP system or other systems could also adversely affect our ability to complete important business processes such
as the evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting and attestation activities pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we encounter unforeseen problems with regard to our ERP system or other systems, our
business could be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to the Restatement of Our Prior Financial Results 

Our efforts to correct past material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may not have been sufficient, and we may discover
additional material weaknesses in our internal controls. 

As previously disclosed in prior filings by the Company with the SEC,
including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2007 which was filed with the SEC on August 20, 2007 (the “2007 Form 10-K”), the Company has undergone an investigation of the
Company’s historical stock option practices by the Special Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors (for more information regarding the 

18 

Special Committee investigation and its findings, please refer to Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” of the 2007 Form 10-K). As a result of that
Special Committee investigation and our management’s internal review of our historical stock option practices and related matters, we identified past material weaknesses in our internal controls and procedures (see Item 9A, “Controls
and Procedures” in the 2007 Form 10-K). A “material weakness” is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of
the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We believe that we have remedied the past material weaknesses in our internal controls and procedures, but there can be no assurance that
our corrections were sufficient or fully effective, or that we will not discover additional material weaknesses in our internal controls and procedures in the future. 

The Special Committee investigation of our historical stock option practices and the resulting restatements have been time consuming and expensive, and have had a material adverse effect on us.

The Special Committee investigation and the resulting restatement activities have required us to expend significant management time
and incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses. In addition, we have established a Special Litigation Committee to oversee the litigation matters that have arisen out of the investigation and the restatements, and we cannot predict what
additional actions may be required by these Committees. The period of time that will be necessary to resolve these matters is uncertain, and these matters could require significant additional attention and resources. 

The ongoing government inquiry relating to our historical stock option practices, as well as any other inquiries that may be started by other
governmental or regulatory agencies, may be time consuming and expensive and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

On July 25, 2007, we announced that the Company had reached a settlement with the SEC by consenting to the entry of a permanent injunction against
future violations of the reporting, books and records, and internal controls provisions of the federal securities laws. The settlement resolves completely the SEC investigation into the Company’s historical stock option granting practices.
KLA-Tencor was not charged by the SEC with fraud, nor was the Company required to pay any civil penalty, fine or money damages as part of the settlement. In addition, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of California
(“USAO”) informed us in July 2008 that it had closed its investigation into our historical stock option practices and was not bringing any charges against us. While the investigations by the SEC and USAO have been completed, the Company is
responding to inquiries from the U.S. Department of Labor, which is conducting an examination of the Company’s 401(k) Savings Plan prompted by the Company’s stock option issues. The Company is cooperating fully with this examination and
intends to continue to do so. This inquiry may require us to continue to expend significant management time and incur significant legal and other expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flow. Also, there can be no assurance that other inquiries, investigations or actions will not be started by other United States federal or state regulatory agencies or by foreign governmental agencies, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

We have been named as a party to a number of
shareholder derivative and class action lawsuits relating to our historical stock option practices, and we may be named in additional lawsuits in the future. This litigation could become time consuming and expensive and could result in the payment
of significant judgments and settlements, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In connection with our historical stock option practices and resulting restatements, a number of derivative actions were filed against certain of our current and former directors and officers purporting to assert claims on the
Company’s behalf. In addition, a number of securities class action complaints were filed against us and 

19 

certain of our current and former directors and officers seeking damages related to our historical stock option practices and the resulting investigation,
inquiries and restatements. There may be additional lawsuits of this nature filed in the future. We cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits, other than the shareholder class action for which we have entered into a settlement that is subject to
court approval (as described in Note 13, “Litigation and Other Legal Matters” to the Consolidated Financial Statements), nor can we predict the amount of time and expense that will be required to resolve these lawsuits. If these lawsuits
become time consuming and expensive, or if there are unfavorable outcomes in any of these cases, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our insurance coverage will not cover our total liabilities and expenses in these lawsuits, in part because we have a significant deductible on certain
aspects of the coverage. In addition, subject to certain limitations, we are obligated to indemnify our current and former directors, officers and employees in connection with the investigation of our historical stock option practices and the
related litigation and ongoing government inquiry. We currently hold insurance policies for the benefit of our directors and officers, although our insurance coverage may not be sufficient in some or all of these matters. Furthermore, the insurers
may seek to deny or limit coverage in some or all of these matters, in which case we may have to self-fund all or a substantial portion of our indemnification obligations. 

We are subject to the risks of additional government actions, shareholder lawsuits and other legal proceedings related to our historical stock
option practices, the resulting restatements, and the remedial measures we have taken. 

It is possible that there may be additional
governmental actions, shareholder lawsuits and other legal proceedings brought against us in connection with our historical stock option practices. In addition, we may be sued or taken to arbitration by former officers and employees in connection
with their stock options, employment terminations and other matters. These proceedings may require us to expend significant management time and incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses, and may divert attention and resources from the
operation of our business. These expenditures and diversions, as well as the adverse resolution of any specific lawsuit, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure to maintain effective internal controls may cause us to delay filing our periodic reports with the SEC, affect our NASDAQ listing, and
adversely affect our stock price. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission, as directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report of management on internal control over financial reporting in their annual reports on Form 10-K that contain an assessment by management of the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm reports on the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting. The Company has in prior periods identified certain material
weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. However, we believe the Company remediated those past material weaknesses, and we have not identified any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2008. Although we review our internal control over financial reporting in order to ensure compliance with the Section 404 requirements, if our independent registered public accounting firm is not satisfied with
our internal control over financial reporting or the level at which these controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if our independent registered public accounting firm interprets the requirements, rules and/or regulations
differently from our interpretation, then they may issue a report that is qualified. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial marketplace due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which
ultimately could negatively impact our stock price.