The following factors, as well as factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, or in other filings by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could adversely affect the Corporation’s
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material could also affect our business operations and financial results. 

Increased pricing pressure and intense competition for sales of the Corporation’s
products could have an adverse effect on the Corporation’s financial results. 

The Corporation competes for customers in intensely competitive markets against well-known, branded products and private label products both domestically and internationally. Inherent risks in the Corporation’s
competitive strategy include uncertainties concerning trade and consumer acceptance, the effects of recent consolidations of retailers and distribution channels, and competitive reaction. Some of the Corporation’s major competitors have
undergone consolidation, which could result in increased competition and alter the dynamics of the industry. Such consolidation may give competitors greater financial resources and greater market penetration and enable competitors to offer a wider
variety of products and services at more competitive prices, which could adversely affect the Corporation’s financial results. It may be necessary for the Corporation to lower prices on its products and increase spending on advertising and
promotions, each of which could adversely affect the Corporation’s financial results. In addition, the Corporation incurs substantial development and marketing costs in introducing new and improved products and technologies. There is no
guarantee that the Corporation will be successful in developing new and improved products and technologies necessary to compete successfully in the industry or that the Corporation will be successful in advertising, marketing and selling its
products. 

There is no guarantee that the Corporation’s efforts to
reduce costs will be successful. 

The Corporation began
its Competitive Improvement Initiatives in the third quarter of 2005 to improve its competitive position by accelerating investments in targeted growth opportunities and streamlining manufacturing and administrative operations. See Item 7,
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” In addition, the Corporation anticipates cost savings to result from reducing material costs and manufacturing waste and realizing productivity
gains and distribution efficiencies in each of its business segments. If the Corporation cannot successfully implement the strategic cost reductions included in its Competitive Improvement Initiatives or other cost savings plans, the Corporation may
not realize all anticipated benefits. Any negative impact these initiatives have on the Corporation’s relationships with employees or customers or any failure to generate the anticipated efficiencies and savings could adversely affect the
Corporation’s financial results. 

Significant increases in prices for
raw materials, energy, transportation and other necessary supplies and services could adversely affect the Corporation’s financial results. 

Increases in the cost of and availability of raw materials, including pulp and petroleum-based materials, the cost of energy, transportation and other
necessary services, supplier constraints, an inability to maintain favorable 

4 

Table of Contents

PART I 

(Continued) 

supplier arrangements and relations or an inability to avoid disruptions in production output caused by such events as natural disasters, power outages,
labor strikes, and the like could have an adverse effect on the Corporation’s financial results. 

Cellulose fiber, in the form of kraft pulp or recycled fiber from recovered pulp, is used extensively in the Corporation’s tissue products and is
subject to significant price fluctuations due to the cyclical nature of the pulp markets. Recycled fiber accounts for approximately 25 percent of the Corporation’s overall fiber requirements. 

On a worldwide basis, the Corporation supplies approximately 10 percent
of its virgin fiber needs from internal pulp manufacturing operations. Increases in pulp prices could adversely affect the Corporation’s earnings if selling prices for its finished products are not adjusted or if such adjustments significantly
trail the increases in pulp prices. Derivative instruments have not been used to manage these risks. 

A number of the Corporation’s products, such as diapers, training and youth pants, and incontinence care products contain certain materials which are
principally derived from petroleum. These materials are subject to price fluctuations based on changes in petroleum prices, availability and other factors. The Corporation purchases these materials from a number of suppliers. Significant increases
in prices for these materials could adversely affect the Corporation’s earnings if selling prices for its finished products are not adjusted or if adjustments significantly trail the increases in prices for these materials. Derivative
instruments have not been used to manage these risks. 

Although
the Corporation believes that the supplies of raw materials needed to manufacture its products are adequate, global economic conditions, supplier capacity constraints and other factors could affect the availability of or prices for those raw
materials. 

The Corporation’s manufacturing operations
utilize electricity, natural gas and petroleum-based fuels. To ensure that it uses all forms of energy cost effectively, the Corporation maintains ongoing energy efficiency improvement programs at all of its manufacturing sites. The
Corporation’s contracts with energy suppliers vary as to price, payment terms, quantities and duration. The Corporation’s energy costs are also affected by various market factors including the availability of supplies of particular forms
of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions. There can be no assurance that the Corporation will be fully protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources. Derivative instruments are used
to hedge a substantial portion of natural gas price risk in accordance with the Corporation’s risk management policy. 

The Corporation’s sales may not occur as estimated. 

There is no guarantee that the Corporation will be able to anticipate consumer preferences, estimate sales of new products, estimate changes in population
characteristics and the acceptance of the Corporation’s products in new markets and anticipate changes in technology and competitive responses. As a result, the Corporation may not be able to achieve anticipated sales. 

Difficulties in expanding globally and in developing and emerging markets (Asia, Latin
America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa) may adversely affect the Corporation’s financial results. 

Because the Corporation and its equity companies have manufacturing facilities in 40 countries and their products are sold in more than
150 countries, the Corporation’s results may be substantially affected by foreign market risks. The Corporation is subject to the impact of economic and political instability in developing countries. 

The Corporation faces increased risks in its international operations,
including fluctuations in currency rates, adverse political and economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, tariffs and other trade barriers, 

5 

Table of Contents

PART I 

(Continued) 

difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights, costs and difficulties in managing international operations and potentially adverse
tax consequences. Each of these factors could adversely affect the Corporation’s financial results. 

In addition, intense competition in European personal care and tissue markets and the challenging economic, political and competitive environments in
Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico, Venezuela and elsewhere in Latin America and developing countries in Eastern Europe and Asia may slow the Corporation’s sales growth and earnings potential. The Corporation’s success
internationally also depends on its ability to acquire or to form successful business alliances, and there is no guarantee that the Corporation will be able to acquire or form such alliances. In addition, there can be no assurance that the
Corporation’s products will be accepted in any particular market. The Corporation is subject to the movement of various currencies against each other and versus the U.S. dollar. Exposures, arising from transactions and commitments
denominated in non-local currencies, are systematically hedged through foreign currency forward, option and swap contracts. Translation exposure for the Corporation with respect to foreign operations generally is not hedged. There can be no
assurance that the Corporation will be fully protected against substantial foreign currency fluctuations. 

Pending litigation and administrative actions could have an adverse effect on the Corporation. 

There is no guarantee that the Corporation will be successful in defending itself in legal and administrative actions or in asserting its rights under
various laws, including intellectual property laws. In addition, the Corporation could incur substantial costs in defending itself or in asserting its rights in such actions. The costs and other effects of pending litigation and administrative
actions against the Corporation cannot be determined with certainty. Although management believes that no such proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the Corporation, there can be no assurance that the outcome of such proceedings will be
as expected. See Item 3, “Legal Proceedings.” 

Changes in
laws, regulations and accounting standards could have an adverse effect on the Corporation’s financial results. 

The Corporation is subject to federal, state, local and foreign governmental regulation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“SOX”) and
numerous related regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. The Corporation has incurred substantial costs in complying with SOX and
other regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure. Although the Corporation is in compliance with the laws and regulations regarding recording and reporting of financial results, there can be no assurance that
future regulations or interpretations of such regulations will not have an adverse impact on the Corporation’s financial results as compared with prior reporting periods.