. 

We are subject to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are described below. Our business, sales, results of operations and financial
condition could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks or additional risks. 

Economic Conditions. 
We are subject
to changes in general or regional U.S. economic conditions, including, but not limited to, consumer credit availability, consumer credit delinquency and loss rates, interest rates, gasoline prices, inflation, personal discretionary spending levels,
unemployment levels, the state of the housing market, and consumer sentiment about the economy in general. The difficult U.S. economic environment over the past several years has adversely affected the automotive retail industry in general,
including CarMax. Any significant change or further deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer demand or increase costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Capital.
 Changes in the availability or cost of capital and working capital financing, including the long-term
financing to support the origination of auto loan receivables through CAF and our geographic expansion, could adversely affect sales, operating strategies and store growth. Further, our current credit facility and certain securitization and
sale-leaseback agreements contain covenants and/or performance triggers. Any failure to comply with these covenants or performance triggers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

10 

Table of Contents

We use a securitization program to fund substantially all of the auto loan receivables originated by CAF.
Initially, we sell these receivables into our warehouse facilities. We periodically refinance the receivables through term securitizations. Changes in the condition of the asset-backed securitization market could lead us to incur higher costs to
access funds in this market or require us to seek alternative means to finance our loan originations. In the event that this market ceased to exist and there were no immediate alternative funding sources available, we might be forced to curtail our
lending practices for some period of time. The impact of reducing or curtailing CAF’s loan originations could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 

Disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facility. If our ability to secure funds
from the facility were significantly impaired, our access to working capital would be impacted, our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels could be affected and these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Third-Party Financing Providers.
 CarMax provides financing to qualified
customers through CAF and a number of third-party financing providers. In the event that one or more of these third-party providers could no longer, or choose not to, provide financing to our customers, could only provide financing to a reduced
segment of our customers or could no longer provide financing at competitive rates of interest, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. Additionally, if we were unable to replace the current
third-party providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing events, it could also have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 

Competition.

 Automotive retailing and wholesaling is a highly competitive business. Our competition includes publicly and privately owned new and used car dealers, as well as millions
of private individuals. Competitors buy and sell the same or similar makes of vehicles that we offer in the same or similar markets at competitive prices. Further, new entrants to the market could result in increased acquisition costs for used
vehicles and lower-than-expected retail and wholesale sales and margins. Competition is affected by the increasing use of the Internet to market, buy and sell used vehicles and provide vehicle financing. The increasing use of the Internet in the
automotive retail and wholesale industry could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. In addition, CAF and our third-party financing providers are subject to competition from various financial institutions.

Retail Prices.
 Any significant changes in retail prices for used and new vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our
sales and results of operations. If any of our competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices for used or new vehicles, we would likely reduce our prices in order to remain competitive, which could result in a decrease in our
sales and results of operations and require a change in our operating strategies. 

Inventory.
 A reduction in the availability of
or access to sources of inventory could have a material adverse effect on our business. A failure to adjust appraisal offers to stay in line with broader market trade-in offer trends, or a failure to recognize those trends, could adversely affect
our ability to acquire inventory. Should we develop excess inventory, the inability to liquidate the excess inventory at prices that allow us to meet margin targets or to recover our costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations. 

Regulatory and Legislative Environment.
 We are subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and
regulations, such as licensing requirements and laws regarding advertising, vehicle sales, financing and employment practices. Our facilities and business operations are also subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and
health and safety. The violation of these laws or regulations could result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties or in a cease-and-desist order against business operations. As a result, we have incurred and will continue to incur capital
and operating expenses and other costs to comply with these laws and regulations. Further, private plaintiffs and federal, state and local regulatory and law enforcement authorities have increased their scrutiny of advertising, sales, financing and
insurance activities in the sale and leasing of motor vehicles. If, as a result, other automotive retailers adopt more transparent, consumer-oriented business practices, our differentiation versus those retailers could be reduced. 

Recent federal legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms may result in an increase in expenses or a decrease in revenues. For example, the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 regulates, among other things, the provision of consumer financing and established a new consumer financial protection agency with broad regulatory powers. This legislation and
related regulation could have a material adverse effect on 

11 

Table of Contents

our results of operations. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as it is phased in over time, significantly affects the provision of health care services and may impact the
cost of providing our associates with health coverage. Current federal labor policy could lead to increased unionization efforts, which could increase labor costs, disrupt store operations, and have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations. 

Confidential Customer Information.

 In the normal course of business, we collect, process and retain
sensitive and confidential customer information and may share that information with our third-party service providers. Despite the security measures we have in place and the assurances we have from our third-party providers, our facilities and
systems, and those of third-party service providers, could be vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events. Any security breach
involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, whether experienced by us or by our third-party service providers, and whether due to an external cyber-security incident, a programming error, or
other cause, could damage our reputation, expose us to mitigation costs and the risks of private litigation and government enforcement, disrupt our business, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.

Reputation. 
Our reputation as a company that is founded on the fundamental principle of integrity is critical to our success.
Our reputation as a retailer offering high-quality vehicles at competitive, no-haggle prices with a customer-friendly sales process in attractive, modern facilities is also critical to our success. If we fail to maintain the high standards on which
this reputation is built, or if an event occurs that damages this reputation, it could adversely affect consumer demand and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. Even the perception of a decrease in the
quality of our brand could impact results. Accordingly, if we fail to correct or mitigate misinformation or negative information, including information spread through social media or normal media channels, about the vehicles we offer, our customer
experience, or any aspect of our brand, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 

Growth.
 Our inability to acquire or lease suitable real estate at favorable terms could limit our expansion and could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The expansion of our store base places significant demands on our management team, our associates and our systems. If we fail to effectively or efficiently manage our growth, it could have a
material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 

Management and Workforce.
 Our success depends upon
the continued contributions of our store, region and corporate management teams. Consequently, the loss of the services of key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, an inability to build our management bench
strength to support store growth could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to meet our staffing needs while controlling related costs is subject to numerous external and internal factors, including unemployment levels,
prevailing wage rates, changes in employment legislation, competition for qualified employees in the industry and regions in which we operate, and associate relations. An inability to retain qualified associates or a significant increase in labor
costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 

Information Systems.
 Our business
is dependent upon the integrity and efficient operation of our information systems. In particular, we rely on our information systems to effectively manage sales, inventory, carmax.com, consumer financing and customer information. The failure of
these systems to perform as designed could disrupt our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. In addition, despite our ongoing efforts to maintain and enhance the integrity and security of
these systems, we could be subjected to attacks by hackers, including denial-of-service attacks directed at our websites or other system breaches or malfunctions due to associate error or misconduct or other disruptions. Such incidents could disrupt
our business and have a material adverse effect on sales and results of operations. 

Accounting Policies and Matters.
 We have
identified several accounting policies as being “critical” to the fair presentation of our financial condition and results of operations because they involve major aspects of our business and require management to make judgments about
matters that are inherently uncertain. These policies are described in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the notes to consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8. Materially different amounts could be recorded under different conditions or using different assumptions. 

Additionally, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board has proposed various rule changes including, but not limited to, accounting for leases. The SEC is also currently considering adopting rules that would require U.S. issuers to prepare their financial statements
contained in SEC filings in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The implementation of these or other new accounting requirements or other changes
to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and financial condition. 

12 

Table of Contents

Litigation.
 We are subject to various litigation matters, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law could be asserted against us by individuals, either individually or through class actions, or by governmental entities in civil or criminal
investigations and proceedings. These actions could expose us to adverse publicity and to substantial monetary damages and legal defense costs, injunctive relief and criminal and civil fines and penalties, including suspension or revocation of
licenses to conduct business. 

Automotive Manufacturers.
 Adverse conditions affecting one or more automotive manufacturers could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Manufacturer recalls could also adversely affect used vehicle sales or valuations and could expose us to litigation and adverse publicity related to the sale of a recalled vehicle, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 

Weather.
 The occurrence of severe
weather events, such as rain, snow, wind, storms, hurricanes or other natural disasters, could cause store closures, adversely affecting consumer traffic, and could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations in a given
period. 

Seasonal Fluctuations.
 Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. We generally realize a higher proportion of
revenue and operating profit during the first and second fiscal quarters. If conditions arise that impair vehicle sales during the first or second fiscal quarters, these conditions could have a disproportionately large adverse effect on our annual
results of operations. 

Geographic Concentration.
 Our performance is subject to local economic, competitive and other conditions
prevailing in geographic areas where we operate. Since a large portion of our sales is generated in the Southeastern U.S., including Florida, and in Texas, Southern California and Washington, D.C./Baltimore, our results of operations depend
substantially on general economic conditions and consumer spending habits in these markets. In the event that any of these geographic areas experienced a downturn in economic conditions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales
and results of operations. 

Other Material Events.
 The occurrence of certain material events including acts of terrorism, the
outbreak of war or other significant national or international events could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations or financial condition. 

13 

Table of Contents