.

We are
subject to various risks, including the risks described below.  Our
business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and
adversely affected by any of these risks or additional risks not presently known
or that we currently deem immaterial.

Economic
Conditions.
  In the normal course
of business, we are subject to changes in general or regional U.S. economic
conditions, including, but not limited to, consumer credit availability,
consumer credit delinquency and loss rates, interest rates, gasoline prices,
inflation, personal discretionary spending levels, unemployment levels and
consumer sentiment about the economy in general.  Any significant
changes in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer demand and/or
increase costs.

Capital.  Changes
in the availability or cost of capital and working capital financing, including
the long-term financing to support our geographic expansion and financing of
auto loan receivables, could adversely affect growth and operating
strategies.  Further, our current credit facility and certain
securitization and sale-leaseback agreements contain covenants and/or
performance triggers.  Any failure to comply with these covenants
and/or performance triggers could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

We use
and have historically relied upon a securitization program to fund substantially
all of the auto loan receivables originated by CAF.  Initially, we
sell these receivables into our warehouse facility.  We periodically
refinance the receivables through term securitizations.  Changes in
the condition of the asset-backed securitization market have led, and could in
the future lead, us to incur higher costs to access funds in this market or we
could be required to seek alternative means to finance our loan
originations.  In the event that this market ceased to exist and there
were no immediate alternative funding sources available, we might be forced to
curtail our lending practices for some period of time.  The impact of
reducing or curtailing CAF’s loan originations could have a material adverse
impact on our business, sales and results of operations.

Disruptions
in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to draw on
our revolving credit facility.  If our ability to secure funds from
the facility were significantly impaired, our access to working capital would be
impacted, our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels could be affected
and these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business,
sales, results of operations and financial condition.

Third-Party
Financing Providers.  CarMax provides financing to qualified
customers through CAF and a number of third-party financing
providers.  In the event that one or more of these third-party
providers could no longer, or choose not to, provide financing to our customers,
could only provide financing to a reduced segment of our customers or could no
longer provide financing at competitive rates of interest, it could have a
material impact on our business, sales and results of
operations.  Additionally, if we were unable to replace current
third-party financing providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the
foregoing events, it could also have a material impact on our business, sales
and results of operations.

Competition.
 Automotive retailing is
a highly competitive business.  Our competition includes publicly and
privately owned new and used car dealers, as well as millions of private
individuals.  Competitors sell the same or similar makes of vehicles
that we offer in the same or similar markets at competitive
prices.  Further, new entrants to the market could result in increased
acquisition costs for used vehicles and lower-than-expected vehicle sales and
margins.  Competition could be affected by the increasing use of the
Internet to market and potentially sell used vehicles and obtain vehicle
financing.  The increasing use of the Internet in the automotive
retailing business could reduce our sales and adversely affect our results of
operations.  In addition, CAF is subject to competition from various
financial institutions.

Retail
Prices.  Any significant changes in retail prices for used and
new vehicles could reduce sales and profits.  If any of our
competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices for used or
new vehicles, we would likely reduce our prices in order to remain competitive,
which could result in a decrease in our sales revenue and results of operations
and require a change in our operating strategies.

 11

Inventory.  A
reduction in the availability or access to sources of inventory could adversely
affect our business.  A failure to adjust appraisal offers to stay in
line with broader market trade-in offer trends, or a failure to recognize those
trends, could negatively impact the ability to acquire
inventory.  Should we develop excess inventory, the inability to
liquidate the excess inventory at prices that allow us to meet margin targets or
to recover our costs would adversely affect our results of
operations.

Regulatory and
Legislative Environment.  We are subject to a wide range of
federal, state and local laws and regulations, such as licensing requirements
and laws regarding advertising, vehicle sales, financing and employment
practices.  Our facilities and business operations are also subject to
laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health and
safety.  The violation of these laws or regulations could result in
administrative, civil or criminal penalties or in a cease-and-desist order
against business operations.  As a result, we have incurred and will
continue to incur capital and operating expenses and other costs to comply with
these laws and regulations.  Further, over the past several years,
private plaintiffs and federal, state and local regulatory and law enforcement
authorities have increased their scrutiny of advertising, sales, financing and
insurance activities in the sale and leasing of motor vehicles.  If,
as a result, other automotive retailers adopt more transparent,
consumer-oriented business practices, our differentiation versus those retailers
could be reduced.

During
the past year, there were several proposed, comprehensive federal legislative
and regulatory initiatives and reforms, and depending upon the scope of the
final legislation, if any, we may experience an increase in expenses or a
decrease in revenues.  Certain new laws, including legislation
regarding health care, employee relations, and finance and tax reform, could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Management and
Workforce.  Our success depends upon the continued
contributions of our store, region and corporate management
teams.  Consequently, the loss of the services of key employees could
have a material adverse effect on our business.  In addition, we will
need to hire additional personnel as we open new stores.  The market
for qualified employees in the industry and in the regions in which we operate
is highly competitive and could result in increased labor costs during periods
of low unemployment.

Information
Systems.  Our business is dependent upon the efficient
operation of our information systems.  In particular, we rely on our
information systems to effectively manage sales, inventory, consumer financing
and customer information.  The failure of these systems to perform as
designed or the failure to maintain and continually enhance or protect the
integrity of these systems could disrupt our business operations, impact sales
and results of operations, expose us to customer or third-party claims or result
in adverse publicity.

Accounting
Policies and Matters. We have identified several accounting policies
as being “critical” to the fair presentation of our financial condition and
results of operations because they involve major aspects of our business and
require management to make judgments about matters that are inherently
uncertain.  Materially different amounts could be recorded under
different conditions or using different assumptions.

Additionally,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board is currently considering various
proposed rule changes including, but not limited to, potential changes in
accounting for leases.  The SEC is currently considering adopting
rules that would require U.S. issuers to prepare their financial statements
contained in SEC filings in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRS”), as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board.  The implementation of these or other new accounting
requirements or changes to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles could
adversely affect our reported results of operations and financial
condition.

Confidential
Customer Information.
 In the normal course of
business, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential customer
information.  Despite the security measures we have in place, our
facilities and systems, and those of third-party service providers, could be
vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced
or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar
events.  Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or
other unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, whether by us or by
third-party service providers, could damage our reputation, expose us to the
risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our business or otherwise affect our
results of operations.

 12

Growth.  Our
inability to acquire or lease suitable real estate at favorable terms could
limit our expansion and could adversely affect our business and results of
operations.  The expansion of our store base places significant
demands on our management team, our associates and our systems.  If we
fail to effectively or efficiently manage our growth, it could adversely affect
our business, sales and results of operations.

Litigation.  We
are subject to various litigation matters, which could adversely affect our
business.  Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law
could be asserted against us by individuals, either individually or through
class actions, or by governmental entities in civil or criminal investigations
and proceedings.  These actions could expose us to adverse publicity
and to substantial monetary damages and legal defense costs, injunctive relief
and criminal and civil fines and penalties, including suspension or revocation
of licenses to conduct business.

Automotive
Manufacturers.  Adverse conditions affecting one or more
automotive manufacturers could impact our results of
operations.  Manufacturer recalls could also have an adverse effect on
used vehicle sales or valuations.

Weather.  The
occurrence of severe weather events, such as rain, snow, wind, storms,
hurricanes or other natural disasters, could cause store closures, adversely
affecting consumer traffic, and could adversely affect our results of
operations.

Seasonal
Fluctuations.  Our business is subject to seasonal
fluctuations.  We generally realize a higher proportion of revenue and
operating profit during the first and second fiscal quarters.  If
conditions arise that impair vehicle sales during the first or second fiscal
quarters, these conditions could have a disproportionately large adverse effect
on our annual results of operations.

Geographic
Concentration.  Our
 performance is subject
to local economic, competitive and other conditions prevailing in geographic
areas where we operate.  Since a large number of our superstores are
located in the Southeastern U.S. and in the Chicago, Los Angeles and Washington,
D.C./Baltimore markets, our results of operations depend substantially on
general economic conditions and consumer spending habits in these
markets.  In the event that any of these geographic areas experienced
a downturn in economic conditions, it could adversely affect our business and
results of operations.

Other Material
Events.  The occurrence of certain material events including
acts of terrorism, the outbreak of war or other significant national or
international events could adversely affect our business, results of operations
or financial condition.

 13