.

 We are subject to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are described below.  Our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.

 Economic Conditions.

 We are subject to changes in general or regional U.S. economic conditions, including, but not limited to, consumer credit availability, consumer credit delinquency and loss rates, interest rates, gasoline prices, inflation, personal discretionary spending levels, unemployment levels, the state of the housing market,  and consumer sentiment about the economy in general.  The difficult U.S. economic environment over the past several years has adversely affected the automotive retail industry in general, including CarMax.  Any significant change or further deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer demand or increase costs

and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition.

 Competition.

Automotive retailing is a highly competitive and highly fragmented business.  Our competition includes publicly and privately owned new and used car dealers, as well as millions of private individuals.  Since we sell vehicles that do not meet our retail standards through on-site wholesale auctions, our competition also includes automotive wholesalers.  Competitors buy and sell the same or similar makes of vehicles that we offer in the same or similar markets at competitive prices.  In addition, 
competitors who have franchise relationships with automotive manufacturers brand certain used cars as “certified pre-owned,” which could provide those competitors with an advantage over CarMax.  New
 entrants to the automotive retail market, or new automotive wholesalers, could result in increased acquisition costs for used vehicles and lower-than-expected retail and wholesale sales and margins.  

 The 
increasing use of 
the 
Internet
 to
 market
, buy and sell
 used vehicles and 
to provide 
vehicle financing
 could have a material adverse effect

on our sales and results of operations.  

The increasing on-line availability of used vehicle information, including pricing information, could make it more difficult for us to differentiate our customer offering from competitors’ offerings, could result in lower-than-expected retail margins, and could have a material adverse effect on our

business,
 sales and results of operations.  In addition, our competitive standing is affected by companies, including search engines such as Google, Bing and Yahoo! and online classified sites such as AutoTrader.com and cars.com, that are not direct competitors but that may direct on-line traffic to the websites of competing automotive retailers.  The increasing activities of these companies could make it more difficult for 

 12

carmax.com to attract traffic and could have a material adverse effect on our
 business,
 sales and results of operations.

 CAF and our third-party financing providers are subject to competition from various financial institutions. 
 If we we
re unable to continue providing competitive finance offers to our customers through CAF and our third-party financing providers, it could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, 
sales and results of operations.  In addition, we believe that CAF allows us to capture additional sales, profits and cas
h flows.  Accordingly, if CAF was
 unable to continue making competitive finance offers to our customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

 Capital.
  Changes in the availability or cost of capital and working capital financing, including the long-term financing to support the origination of auto loan receivables through CAF and our geographic expansion, could adversely affect sales, operating strategies and store growth.  Further, our current credit facility and certain securitization and sale-leaseback agreements contain covenants and/or performance triggers.  Any failure to comply with these covenants or performance triggers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

 We use a securitization program to fund substantially all of the 
auto
 loan receivables originated by CAF.  Initially, we sell these receivables into our warehouse facilit
ies
.  We periodically refinance the receivables through 
term
 securitizations.  
Changes in the condition of the 
asset-backed 
securitization 
market

could 
lead us to 
incur higher costs to access funds in this market or 
require us
 to seek alternative means to finance 
CAF’s 
loan originations.  In the event that this market ceased to exist and there were no immediate alternative funding sources available, we might be forced to curtail our lending practices for some period of time.  The impact of reducing or curtailing CAF’s loan originations could have a material adverse 
effect
 on 
our business, sales and results of operations
.

 Disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facility.  If our ability to secure funds from the facility were significantly impaired, our access to working capital would be impacted, our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels could be affected and these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition.

 Third-Party Financing Providers.
  CarMax provides financing to qualified customers through CAF and a number of third-party financing providers.  In the event that one or more of these third-party providers could no longer
,

or choose not to, 
provide financing to our customers, could only provide financing to a reduced segment of our customers or could no longer provide financing at competitive rates of interest, it could have a material 
adverse effect
 on our business, sales and results of operations.  Additionally, if we were unable to replace 
the 
current third-party providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing events, it could also have a material 
adverse effect
 on our business, sales and results of operations.

 Retail Prices.

Any significant changes in retail prices for new and used vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.  If prices for used vehicles rise significantly due to supply constraints this could adversely affect consumer demand for vehicles. 

If retail prices for used vehicles rise relative to retail prices for new vehicles, it could make buying a new vehicle more attractive to our customers than buying a used vehicl
e, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business,
 sales and results of operations.

 Inventory.
  A reduction in the availability of or access to sources of inventory could have a material adverse effect

on our business.  A failure to adjust appraisal offers to stay in line with broader market trade-in offer trends, or a failure to recognize those trends, could adversely affect our ability to acquire inventory.  Should we develop excess inventory, the inability to liquidate the excess inventory at prices that allow us to meet margin targets or to recover our costs could have a material adverse effect

on our results of operations.

 Regulatory and Legislative Environment.
  We are subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations, such as licensing requirements and laws regarding advertising, vehicle sales, financing and employment practices.  Our facilities and business operations are also subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health and safety.  The violation of these laws or regulations could result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties or in a cease-and-desist order against business operations.  As a result, we have incurred and will continue to incur capital and operating expenses and other costs to comply with these laws and regulations.  Further, private plaintiffs and federal, state and local regulatory and law enforcement authorities continue to scrutinize advertising, sales, financing and insurance activities in the sale and leasing of motor vehicles.  If, as a result, other automotive retailers adopt more transparent, consumer-oriented business practices, our differentiation versus those retailers could be reduced.

 13

Recent federal legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms may result in an increase in expenses or a decrease in revenues. 

For example, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) regulates, among other things, the provision of consumer financing.

 The Dodd-Frank Act established a new consumer financial protection agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”), with broad regulatory powers. 

The CFPB is responsible for administering and enforcing laws and regulations related to consumer financial products and services.  The evolving regulatory environment in the wake of the Dodd-Frank Act and the creation of the CFPB may increase the cost of regulatory compliance or result in changes to business practices that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as it is phased in over time, significantly affects the provision of health care services and may impact the cost of providing our associates with health coverage. 

Current federal labor policy could lead to increased unionization efforts, which could increase labor costs, disrupt store operations, and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Reputation.
  Our reputation as a company
 that is founded on the fundamental principle of integrity
 is critical to our success.  Our reputation as a retailer offering 
a broad selection of CarMax Quality Certified
 vehicles at competitive, no-haggle prices with a customer-friendly sales process in attractive, modern facilities is also critical to our success.  If we fail to maintain the high standards on which this reputation is built, or if an event occurs that damages this reputation, it could adversely affect consumer demand and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.  Even the perception of a decrease in the quality of our brand could impact results.  Accordingly, if we fail to correct or mitigate misinformation or negative information, including information spread through social media or 

traditional

 media channels, about the vehicles we offer, our customer experience, or any aspect of our brand, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

 Confidential 
C
ustomer
 and Associate I
nformation.

In the normal course of business, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential customer and associate information and may share that information with our third-party service providers.  Despite the security measures we have in place and the assurances we have from our third-party providers, our facilities and systems, and those of third-party service providers, could be vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events.  Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer or associate information, whether experienced by us or by our third-party service providers, and whether due to an external cyber-security incident, a programming error, or other cause, could damage our reputation, expose us to mitigation costs and the risks of private litigation and government enforcement, disrupt our business, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on

our sales and results of operations.

 Growth.
  The expansion of our store base 
places significant demands on our management team, our associates and our systems.  If we fail to effectively or efficiently manage our growth, it could
 have a material adverse effect

on 
our business, sales and results of operations.

In addition, our

 inability to acquire or lease suitable real estate at favorable terms could limit our expansion and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

 Management and Workforce.
  Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our store, region and corporate management teams.  Consequently, the loss of the services of key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.  In addition, an inability to build our management bench strength to support store growth could have a material adverse effect on our business.  Our ability to meet our staffing needs while controlling related costs is subject to numerous external and internal factors, including unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, changes in employment legislation, competition for qualified employees in the industry and regions in which we operate, and associate relations.  An inability to retain qualified associates or a significant increase in labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

 Information Systems.
  Our business is dependent upon the integrity and efficient operation of our information systems.  In particular, we rely on our information systems to effectively manage sales, inventory, carmax.com, consumer financing and customer information.  The failure of these systems to perform as designed could disrupt our business operations and have a material adverse effect

on our sales and results of operations.  In addition, despite our ongoing efforts to maintain and enhance the integrity and security of these systems, we could be subjected to attacks by hackers, including denial-of-service attacks directed at our websites or other system breaches or malfunctions due to associate error or misconduct or other disruptions.  Such incidents could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on sales and results of operations.

 Litigation.
  We are subject to various litigation matters from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect

on our business and results of operations.  Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law could be asserted against us by individuals, either individually or through class actions, or by governmental entities in civil or 

 14

criminal investigations and proceedings.  These actions could expose us to adverse publicity and to substantial monetary damages and legal defense costs, injunctive relief and criminal and civil fines and penalties, including suspension or revocation of licenses to conduct business.

 Automotive Manufacturers.
  Adverse conditions affecting one or more automotive manufacturers 
could

have a material adverse effect

on 
our 
results of operations
.  
Manufacturer recalls could also adversely affect used vehicle sales or valuations and

could expose us to litigation and adverse publicity related to the sale of a recalled vehicle, which could have a material adverse effect

on our business, sales and results of operations
.

 Weather.
  The occurrence of severe weather events, such as rain, snow, wind, storms, hurricanes or other natural disasters, could cause store closures, adversely affecting consumer traffic, and could have a material adverse effect

on our sales and results of operations in a given period.

 Seasonal Fluctuations.
  Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations.  We generally realize a higher proportion of revenue and operating profit during the first and second fiscal quarters.  If conditions arise that impair vehicle sales during the first or second fiscal quarters, these conditions could have a disproportionately large adverse effect on our annual results of operations.

 Geographic Concentration.
  Our

performance is subject to local economic, competitive and other conditions prevailing in geographic areas where we operate.  Since a large portion of our sales is generated in the Southeastern U.S., including Florida, and in Texas, Southern California and Washington, D.C./Baltimore, our results of operations depend substantially on general economic conditions and consumer spending habits in these markets.  In the event that any of these geographic areas experienced a downturn in economic conditions, it could have a material adverse effect

on our business, sales and results of operations.

 Accounting Policies and Matters.

We have identified several accounting policies as being “critical” to the 
fair 
presentation of our financial condition and results of operations because they involve major aspects of our business and require management to make judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain.

These policies are described in Item 7,
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
, and the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.  
Materially different amounts 
could
 be recorded under different conditions or using different assumptions.
  In addition, t
he
 implementation of new accounting requirements or other changes to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles could 
have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and financial condition.

 Other Material Events.
  The occurrence of acts of terrorism, the outbreak of war or other significant national or international events could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations or financial condition.