You should carefully read this entire report, including, without limitation, the following risk factors and the section of this annual report entitled “Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.” Any of the following factors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

10 

Table of Contents

The accessories, footwear and apparel industries are heavily influenced by general macroeconomic
cycles that affect consumer spending, and a prolonged period of depressed consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

The accessories, footwear and apparel industries have historically been subject to cyclical variations, recessions in the general
economy and uncertainties regarding future economic prospects that can affect consumer spending habits. Purchases of discretionary luxury items, such as our products, tend to decline during recessionary periods, when disposable income is lower. The
success of our operations depends on a number of factors impacting discretionary consumer spending, including general economic conditions, consumer confidence, wages and unemployment, housing prices, consumer debt, interest rates, fuel and energy
costs, taxation and political conditions. A continuation or worsening of the current weakness in the economy may negatively affect consumer and wholesale purchases of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

Privacy breaches and other cyber security risks related to our e-commerce business could negatively
affect our reputation, credibility and business. 

We are responsible for storing data relating to our customers and
employees and rely on third parties for the operation of parts of our e-commerce website, michaelkors.com, and for the various social media tools and websites we use as part of our marketing strategy. During the second quarter of our fiscal
2015 year, we expect to take over more of the direct operations of our e-commerce website and will be processing and storing customer transaction data on systems that are owned and operated by us, or that are operated by our third-party providers.
Consumers, lawmakers and consumer advocates alike are increasingly concerned over the security of personal information transmitted over the Internet, consumer identity theft and privacy. In addition to taking the necessary precautions ourselves, we
require that third-party service providers implement reasonable security measures to protect our customers’ identity and privacy. We do not, however, control these third-party service providers and cannot guarantee that no electronic or
physical computer break-ins and security breaches will occur in the future. Likewise, our systems and technology are subject to the risk of system failures, viruses, “hackers” and other causes that are out of our control. Any perceived or
actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding our customers or website visitors could harm our reputation and credibility, reduce our e-commerce net sales, impair our ability to attract website visitors and reduce
our ability to attract and retain customers, and expose us to significant related liability. Finally, we could incur significant costs in complying with the multitude of state, federal and foreign laws regarding the use and unauthorized disclosure
of personal information, to the extent they are applicable. We also may incur significant costs in our implementation of additional security measures to comply with applicable laws and industry standards and to further protect customer data.

We face risks associated with operating in international markets. 

We operate on a global basis, with approximately 21.5% of our total revenue coming from operations outside of the U.S during Fiscal
2014. The current political and economic instability and changing macroeconomic conditions in major international markets, including Europe and Japan, have resulted in significant macroeconomic risks including high rates of unemployment, high fuel
prices, currency volatility and continued global economic uncertainty driven in part by the European debt crisis, and geo political tensions, among other factors. These risks may adversely affect discretionary consumer spending in the international
markets in which we operate, which could negatively affect sales of our products in these markets. In addition, if the global macroeconomic environment experiences a downturn, including if the economic situation in Europe worsens, our gross margin
rates may be negatively impacted. 

A material disruption in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely extensively on our information technology
(“IT”) systems to track inventory, manage our supply chain, record and process transactions, manage customer communications, summarize results and manage our business. The failure of our IT systems to operate properly or effectively,
problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or difficulty in integrating new systems, could adversely affect our business. In addition, our IT systems may be subject to damage and/or interruption from power outages, computer,
network and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers, security breaches, usage errors by our employees and bad acts by our customers and website visitors. If our IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make
a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data (including our customer data) and interruptions or delays in our operations in the interim. Any significant disruption in our IT systems could harm our
reputation and credibility, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We may
not be able to respond to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and operating results. 

The accessories, footwear and apparel industries have historically been subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer
preferences. We believe that our success is largely dependent on our brand image and ability to anticipate and respond promptly to 

11 

Table of Contents

changing consumer demands and fashion trends in the design, styling, production, merchandising and pricing of products. If we do not correctly gauge consumer needs and fashion trends and respond
appropriately, consumers may not purchase our products and our brand name and brand image may be impaired. Even if we react appropriately to changes in fashion trends and consumer preferences, consumers may consider our brand image to be outdated or
associate our brand with styles that are no longer popular or trend-setting. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and operating results. 

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, both within North America and internationally, and increased competition based on a number
of factors could cause our profitability to decline. 

We face intense competition from other domestic and foreign
accessories, footwear and apparel producers and retailers, including, among others, Coach, Burberry, Ralph Lauren, Hermès, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Marc Jacobs, Chloé, Tori Burch and Prada. Competition is based on a number of factors,
including, without limitation, the following: 

•

 anticipating and responding to changing consumer demands in a timely manner; 

•

 establishing and maintaining favorable brand-name recognition; 

•

 determining and maintaining product quality; 

•

 maintaining key employees; 

•

 maintaining and growing market share; 

•

 developing quality and differentiated products that appeal to consumers; 

•

 establishing and maintaining acceptable relationships with retail customers; 

•

 pricing products appropriately; 

•

 providing appropriate service and support to retailers; 

•

 optimizing retail and supply chain capabilities; 

•

 determining size and location of retail and department store selling space; and 

•

 protecting intellectual property. 

In addition, some of our competitors may be significantly larger and more diversified than us and may have significantly greater financial, technological, manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution
resources than we do. Their greater capabilities in these areas may enable them to better withstand periodic downturns in the accessories, footwear and apparel industries, compete more effectively on the basis of price and production and more
quickly develop new products. The general availability of manufacturing contractors and agents also allows new entrants easy access to the markets in which we compete, which may increase the number of our competitors and adversely affect our
competitive position and our business. Any increased competition, or our failure to adequately address any of these competitive factors, could result in reduced sales, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

Competition, along with such other factors as consolidation and changes in consumer spending patterns, could also
result in significant pricing pressure. These factors may cause us to reduce our sales prices to our wholesale customers and retail consumers, which could cause our gross margins to decline if we are unable to appropriately manage inventory levels
and/or otherwise offset price reductions with comparable reductions in our operating costs. If our sales prices decline and we fail to sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, our profitability may decline, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

The departure of our founder, members of our
executive management and other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We depend on the
services and management experience of our founder and executive officers, who have substantial experience and expertise in our business. In particular, Mr. Kors, our Honorary Chairman and Chief Creative Officer, has provided design and
executive leadership to the Company since its inception. He is instrumental to our marketing and publicity strategy and is closely identified with both the brand that bears his name and our Company in general. Our ability to maintain our brand image
and leverage the goodwill associated with Mr. Kors’ name may be damaged if we were to lose his services. Mr. Kors has the right to terminate his employment with us without cause. In addition, the leadership of John D. Idol, our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Joseph B. Parsons, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Treasurer, has been a critical element of our success. We also depend on other key employees involved in
our licensing, design and advertising operations. Competition for qualified personnel in the apparel industry is intense, and competitors may use aggressive tactics to recruit our executive officers and key employees. Although we have entered into
employment agreements with Mr. Kors and certain of our other executive officers, including Mr. Idol and Mr. Parsons, we may not be able to retain the services of such individuals in the future. The loss of services of one or more of
these individuals or any negative public perception with respect to, or relating to, the loss of one or more of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

12 

Table of Contents

The growth of our business depends on the successful execution of our growth strategies, including our
efforts to open and operate new retail stores and increase the number of department stores and specialty stores that sell our products. 

As part of our growth strategy, we intend to open and operate new retail stores and shop-in-shops within select department stores, both domestically and internationally. Our ability to successfully open
and operate new retail stores, including concessions, and shop-in-shops depends on many factors, including, among others, our ability to: 

•

 identify new markets where our products and brand image will be accepted or the performance of our retail stores, including concessions, and
shop-in-shops will be considered successful; 

•

 negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances, to secure suitable store locations; 

•

 hire, train and retain personnel and field management; 

•

 assimilate new personnel and field management into our corporate culture; 

•

 source sufficient inventory levels; and 

•

 successfully integrate new retail stores, including concessions, and shop-in-shops into our existing operations and information technology systems.

We will encounter pre-operating costs and we may encounter initial losses when new retail stores,
including concessions, and shop-in-shops commence operations. While we expect to open a number of additional retail stores, including concessions, and shop-in-shops in the future, there can be no assurance that we will open the planned number, that
we will recover the expenditure costs associated with opening these new retail stores, including concessions, and shop-in-shops or that the operation of these new venues will be successful or profitable. Any such failure could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We face additional risks with respect to our
strategy to expand internationally, including our efforts to further expand our operations in European countries and in Japan as well as other Asian countries. In some of these countries we do not yet have significant operating experience, and in
most of these countries we face established competitors with significantly more operating experience in those locations. Many of these countries have different operational characteristics, including, but not limited to, employment and labor,
transportation, logistics, real estate (including lease terms) and local reporting or legal requirements. Furthermore, consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends may differ in these countries and, as a result, sales of our
product may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we currently anticipate. In addition, in many of these countries there is significant competition to attract and retain experienced and talented employees. If
our international expansion plans are unsuccessful, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We have grown rapidly in recent years and we have limited operating experience at our current scale of operations. If we are unable to manage our operations at our current size or are unable to
manage any future growth effectively, our brand image and financial performance may suffer. 

We have expanded
our operations rapidly and have limited operating experience at our current size. If our operations continue to grow, we will be required to continue to expand our sales and marketing, product development and distribution functions, to upgrade our
management information systems and other processes and to obtain more space for our expanding administrative support and other headquarter personnel. Our continued growth could strain our existing resources, and we could experience operating
difficulties, including the availability of desirable locations and the negotiation of acceptable lease terms, difficulties in hiring, training and managing an increasing number of employees, difficulties in obtaining sufficient raw materials and
manufacturing capacity to produce our products and delays in production and shipments. These difficulties could result in the erosion of our brand image and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

We are dependent on a limited number of distribution facilities. If one or more of our distribution facilities experiences
operational difficulties or becomes inoperable, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We operate a limited number of distribution facilities. Our ability to meet the needs of our wholesale customers and our own retail stores depends on the proper operation of these distribution facilities.
If any of these distribution facilities were to shut down or otherwise become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, we could suffer a substantial loss of inventory and/or disruptions of deliveries to our wholesale customers and retail stores.
In addition, we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with the distribution of our products during the time it takes to reopen or replace the damaged facility. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

13 

Table of Contents

In addition, we have been moving into new and larger facilities as needed, to increase our
capacity as we grow, and have been concurrently implementing new warehouse management systems to further support our efforts to operate with increased efficiency and flexibility. There are risks inherent in operating in new distribution environments
and implementing new warehouse management systems, including operational difficulties that may arise with such transitions. We may experience shipping delays should there be any disruptions in our new warehouse management systems or warehouses
themselves. 

As we expand our store base, we may be unable to maintain the same comparable store sales or average sales per square foot
that we have in the past, which could cause our share price to decline. 

As we expand our store base, we may not be
able to maintain the levels of comparable store sales that we have experienced historically. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our historic average sales per square foot as we move into new markets. If our future comparable store sales or
average sales per square foot decline or fail to meet market expectations, the price of our ordinary shares could decline. In addition, the aggregate results of operations of our stores have fluctuated in the past and can be expected to continue to
fluctuate in the future. A variety of factors affect both comparable store sales and average sales per square foot, including, among others, fashion trends, competition, current economic conditions, pricing, inflation, the timing of the release of
new merchandise and promotional events, changes in our merchandise mix, the success of marketing programs and weather conditions. If we misjudge the market for our products, we may incur excess inventory for some of our products and miss
opportunities for other products. These factors may cause our comparable store sales results and average sales per square foot in the future to be materially lower than recent periods and our expectations, which could harm our results of operations
and result in a decline in the price of our ordinary shares. 

We are subject to risks associated with leasing retail space under
long-term, non-cancelable leases and are required to make substantial lease payments under our operating leases; any failure to make these lease payments when due could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

We do not own any of our store facilities; instead, we lease all of our stores under operating leases. Our
leases generally have terms of 10 years with no renewal options. Our leases generally require a fixed annual rent, and most require the payment of additional rent if store sales exceed a negotiated amount. Generally, our leases are “net”
leases, which require us to pay all of the costs of insurance, taxes, maintenance and utilities. We generally cannot cancel these leases at our option. Payments under these operating leases account for a significant portion of our operating costs.
For example, as of March 29, 2014, we were party to operating leases associated with our stores as well as other corporate facilities requiring future minimum lease payments aggregating to $643.5 million through Fiscal 2019 and
approximately $436.7 million thereafter through Fiscal 2029. We expect that any new stores we open under operating leases will have terms similar to those contained in leases we have entered previously, which will further increase our operating
lease expenses. 

Our substantial operating lease obligations could have significant negative consequences, including, among
others: 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; 

•

 requiring a substantial portion of our available cash to pay our rental obligations, thus reducing cash available for other purposes;

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business or in the industry in which we compete; and

•

 placing us at a disadvantage with respect to some of our competitors. 

We depend on cash flow from operations to pay our lease expenses and to fulfill our other cash needs. If our business does not generate
sufficient cash flow from operating activities, and sufficient funds are not otherwise available to us, we may not be able to service our operating lease expenses, grow our business, respond to competitive challenges or fund our other liquidity and
capital needs. 

Our current and future licensing arrangements may not be successful and may make us susceptible to the actions of third
parties over whom we have limited control. 

               We have entered into a select number of product licensing agreements with companies that produce and sell, under our trademarks, products requiring specialized
expertise. We have also entered into a number of select licensing agreements pursuant to which we have granted third parties certain rights to distribute and sell our products in certain geographical areas, including, among others, South Korea, the
Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Australia, the Middle East, Russia, Turkey, China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Latin America and the Caribbean, and India. In addition, we have entered into similar licensing agreements with entities that
are indirectly owned by certain of our current shareholders, including Mr. Kors, Mr. Idol and Sportswear Holdings Limited, pursuant to which we have granted such entities certain rights to distribute and sell our products in China, Hong
Kong, Macau and Taiwan. See Note 17 to our financial statements—“Agreements with Shareholders and Related Party Transactions.” In the future, we may enter into additional licensing arrangements. Although we take steps to carefully
select our licensing partners, such arrangements may not be successful. Our licensing partners may fail to fulfill their obligations under their license agreements or have interests that differ from or conflict with our own, such as the timing of
new store openings, the pricing of our products and the offering of competitive products. In addition, the risks applicable to the business of our licensing partners may be different than the risks applicable to our business, including risks
associated with each such partner’s ability to: 

•

 obtain capital; 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 exercise operational and financial control over its business; 

•

 manage its labor relations; 

•

 maintain relationships with suppliers; 

•

 manage its credit and bankruptcy risks; and 

•

 maintain customer relationships. 

Any of the foregoing risks, or the inability of any of our licensing partners to successfully market our products or otherwise conduct its business, may result in loss of revenue and competitive harm to
our operations in regions or product categories where we have entered into such licensing arrangements. 

We rely on our
licensing partners to preserve the value of our brands. Although we attempt to protect our brands through, among other things, approval rights over store location and design, product design, production quality, packaging, merchandising,
distribution, advertising and promotion of our stores and products, we may not be able to control the use by our licensing partners of each of our licensed brands. The misuse of our brands by a licensing partner could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of
large wholesale customers, and the loss of any of these wholesale customers could substantially reduce our total revenue. 

A small number of our wholesale customers account for a significant portion of our net sales. Net sales to our five largest wholesale customers represented 28.9% of our total revenue for Fiscal 2014 and
29.3% of our total revenue for Fiscal 2013. Our largest wholesale customer, a large, nationally recognized U.S. department store, accounted for 14.4% of our total revenue for Fiscal 2014 and 14.0% of our total revenue for Fiscal 2013. We do not have
written agreements with any of our wholesale customers, and purchases generally occur on an order-by-order basis. A decision by any of our major wholesale customers, whether motivated by marketing strategy, competitive conditions, financial
difficulties or otherwise, to decrease significantly the amount of merchandise purchased from us or our licensing partners, or to change their manner of doing business with us or our licensing partners, could substantially reduce our revenue and
have a material adverse effect on our profitability. During the past several years, the retail industry has experienced a great deal of consolidation and other ownership changes, and we expect such changes will continue. In addition, store closings
by our wholesale customers decrease the number of stores carrying our products, while the remaining stores may purchase a smaller amount of our products and/or may reduce the retail floor space designated for our brands. In the future, retailers may
further consolidate, undergo restructurings or reorganizations, realign their affiliations or reposition their stores’ target markets. Any of these types of actions could decrease the number of stores that carry our products or increase the
ownership concentration within the retail industry. These changes could decrease our opportunities in the market, increase our reliance on a smaller number of large wholesale customers and decrease our negotiating strength with our wholesale
customers. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Increases in
the cost of raw materials could increase our production costs and cause our operating results and financial condition to suffer. 

The costs of raw materials used in our products are affected by, among other things, weather, consumer demand, speculation on the commodities market, the relative valuations and fluctuations of the
currencies of producer versus consumer countries and other factors that are generally unpredictable and beyond our control. We are not always successful in our efforts to protect our business from the volatility of the market price of raw materials,
and our business can be materially affected by dramatic movements in prices of raw materials. The ultimate effect of this change on our earnings cannot be quantified, as the effect of movements in raw materials prices on industry selling prices are
uncertain, but any significant increase in these prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We primarily use foreign manufacturing contractors and independent third-party agents to source our finished goods, which poses legal, regulatory, political and economic risks to our business
operations. 

Our products are primarily produced by, and purchased or procured from, independent manufacturing
contractors located mainly in countries in Asia, Europe and Central and South America. A manufacturing contractor’s failure to ship products to us in a 

15 

Table of Contents

timely manner or to meet the required quality standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements of our customers for those items. The failure to make timely deliveries may cause
customers to cancel orders, refuse to accept deliveries or demand reduced prices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, any of the following factors could negatively affect our ability to produce or deliver our
products and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results: 

•

 political or labor instability, labor shortages (stemming from labor disputes or otherwise), or increases in costs of labor or production in countries
where manufacturing contractors and suppliers are located; 

•

 significant delays or disruptions in delivery of our products due to labor disputes or strikes at the location of the source of our goods and/or at
U.S. ports of entry; 

•

 political or military conflict involving the United States, which could cause a delay in the transportation of our products and raw materials and
increase transportation costs; 

•

 heightened terrorism security concerns, which could subject imported or exported goods to additional, more frequent or more thorough inspections,
leading to delays in deliveries or impoundment of goods for extended periods of time or could result in increased scrutiny by customs officials for counterfeit goods, leading to lost sales, increased costs for our anti-counterfeiting measures and
damage to the reputation of our brands; 

•

 a significant decrease in availability or an increase in the cost of raw materials; 

•

 disease epidemics and health-related concerns, which could result in closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials and scrutiny or
embargoing of goods produced in infected areas; 

•

 the migration and development of manufacturing contractors, which could affect where our products are or are planned to be produced;

•

 imposition of regulations, quotas and safeguards relating to imports and our ability to adjust in a timely manner to changes in trade regulations,
which, among other things, could limit our ability to produce products in cost-effective countries that have the labor and expertise needed; 

•

 increases in the costs of fuel, travel and transportation; 

•

 imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports; 

•

 significant fluctuation of the value of the United States dollar against foreign currencies; and 

•

 restrictions on transfers of funds out of countries where our foreign licensees are located. 

We do not have written agreements with any of our third-party manufacturing contractors. As a result, any single manufacturing
contractor could unilaterally terminate its relationship with us at any time. In Fiscal 2014, our largest manufacturing contractor, who primarily produces its products in China and who we have worked with for the last ten years, accounted for the
production of 30.4% of our finished products. Our inability to promptly replace manufacturing contractors that terminate their relationships with us or cease to provide high quality products in a timely and cost-efficient manner could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results, and impact the cost and availability of our goods. 

In addition, we use third-party agents to source our finished goods with numerous manufacturing contractors on our behalf. Any single agent could unilaterally terminate its relationship with us at any
time. In Fiscal 2014, our largest third-party agent, whose primary place of business is Hong Kong and who we have worked with for the last ten years, sourced approximately 12.6% of our purchases of finished goods. Our inability to promptly replace
agents that terminate their relationships with us or cease to provide high quality service in a timely and cost-efficient manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If we fail to comply with labor laws, or if our manufacturing contractors fail to use acceptable, ethical business practices, our business and
reputation could suffer. 

We are subject to labor laws governing relationships with employees, including minimum wage
requirements, overtime, working conditions and citizenship requirements. Compliance with these laws and regulations may lead to increased costs and operational complexity and may increase our exposure to governmental investigations or litigation.

In addition, we require our manufacturing contractors to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations
regarding working conditions, employment practices and environmental compliance. Additionally, we impose upon our business partners operating guidelines that require additional obligations in those three areas in order to promote ethical business
practices, and our staff and third parties we retain for such purposes periodically visit and monitor the operations of our manufacturing contractors to determine compliance. However, we do not control our manufacturing contractors or their labor
and other business practices. If one of our manufacturing contractors violates applicable labor or other laws, rules or regulations or implements labor or other business practices that are generally regarded as unethical in the United States, the
shipment of finished products to us could be interrupted, orders could be cancelled, relationships could be terminated and our reputation could be damaged. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products. 

There are risks inherent to importing our products. Virtually all of our merchandise imported into the United States, Canada, Europe and
Asia is subject to duties and most of the countries to which we ship could impose safeguard quotas to protect their local industries from import surges that threaten to create market disruption. The United States and other countries may also
unilaterally impose additional duties in response to a particular product being imported at unfairly traded prices that, in such increased quantities, cause or threaten injury to the relevant domestic industry (generally known as
“anti-dumping” actions). If dumping is suspected in the United States, the United States government may self-initiate a dumping case on behalf of a particular industry. Furthermore, additional duties, generally known as countervailing
duties, can also be imposed by the United States government to offset subsidies provided by a foreign government to foreign manufacturers if the importation of such subsidized merchandise injures or threatens to injure a United States industry.
In addition, accessories, footwear and apparel sold by us are also subject to import regulations in the United States and other countries concerning the use of wildlife products for commercial and non-commercial trade, including the U.S. Fish
and Wildlife Service (“F&W”). F&W requires that we obtain a license to import animal and fauna that are subject to regulation by F&W and can revoke (or refuse to renew) this license, seize and possibly destroy our shipments
and/or fine the Company for F&W violations. The imposition of duties and quotas, the initiation of an anti-dumping action and/or the repercussions of F&W violations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

Restrictive covenants in our credit agreement may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies.

We have a $200.0 million senior unsecured credit facility (the “2013 Credit Facility”) under which Michael
Kors (USA), Inc. (“MKUSA”), Michael Kors (Europe) B.V., Michael Kors (Canada) Co. and Michael Kors (Switzerland) GmbH, our indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, are borrowers and we are a parent guarantor. The credit agreement governing the
terms of the 2013 Credit Facility restricts, among other things, asset dispositions, mergers and acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases and redemptions, other restricted payments, indebtedness, loans and investments, liens and affiliate
transactions. Our credit agreement also contains customary events of default, including a change in control of the Company. In addition, our credit agreement contains financial covenants such as requiring an adjusted leverage ratio of 3.5 to 1.0
(with the ratio being total consolidated indebtedness plus 8.0 times consolidated rent expense to EBITDA plus consolidated rent expense) and a fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.0 to 1.0 (with the ratio being EBITDA plus consolidated rent expense to
the sum of fixed charges plus consolidated rent expense). See credit discussion in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis—Liquidity”. These covenants, among other things, limit our ability to fund our future working capital needs
and capital expenditures, engage in future acquisitions or development activities, or otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on debt.

We may be unable to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights, and others may allege that we infringe upon their
intellectual property rights. 

Our trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to our success and
our competitive position. We are susceptible to others imitating our products and infringing on our intellectual property rights. Our brand enjoys significant worldwide consumer recognition, and the generally higher pricing of our products creates
additional incentive for counterfeiters and those seeking to infringe on our products. Such counterfeiting and other infringement could dilute our brand and harm our business. 

The actions we take to establish and protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent
imitation of our products by others or other infringement of our intellectual property rights. Our trademark applications may fail to result in registered trademarks or provide the scope of coverage sought, and others may seek to invalidate our
trademarks or block sales of our products as a violation of their trademarks and intellectual property rights. In addition, others may assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other intellectual property rights of ours or in trademarks that
are similar to ours or trademarks that we license and/or market, and we may not be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, trademark owners may have prior rights to our trademarks or similar
trademarks. Furthermore, certain foreign countries may not protect trademarks and other intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

From time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, we become involved in opposition and cancellation proceedings with respect to trademarks similar to some of our brands. Any litigation or dispute
involving the scope or enforceability of our intellectual property rights or any allegation that we infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others could be costly and time-consuming and could result, if determined adversely to us, in harm
to our competitive position. 

Our business is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

Our results of operations for our international subsidiaries are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the financial results
of the applicable subsidiaries are translated from the local currency into U.S. dollars during the process of financial statement consolidation. If the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign
currency denominated transactions could impact our consolidated results of operations. In addition, we have intercompany notes amongst certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, which may be denominated in a currency other than the local currency of a
particular reporting entity. As a result of using a currency other than the functional currency of that subsidiary, results of these operations may be adversely affected during times of significant fluctuation between the functional currency of that
subsidiary and the currency in which the note is denominated in. 

17 

Table of Contents

Future sales of our ordinary shares, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may
occur, may depress the price of our ordinary shares. 

Sales of a substantial number of our ordinary shares in the
public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our ordinary shares. Pursuant to the shareholders agreement our pre-IPO shareholders, including Michael Kors, John D. Idol and
Sportswear Holdings Limited (an entity owned by two of our directors, Messrs. Silas K. F. Chou and Lawrence S. Stroll), have demand and piggyback rights that will require us to file registration statements registering their ordinary shares or to
include sales of such ordinary shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other shareholders. In the event such registration rights are exercised and a large number of ordinary shares are sold in the public market, such
sales could reduce the trading price of our ordinary shares. In addition, the perception that these sales might occur could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decrease significantly. 

Provisions in our organizational documents may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third party. 

Our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association (together, as amended from time to time, our “Memorandum and Articles of
Association”) contains several provisions that may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions also may delay, prevent or deter a merger,
acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other transaction that might otherwise result in our shareholders receiving a premium over the market price for their ordinary shares. These provisions include, among others: 

•

 our board of directors’ ability to amend the Memorandum and Articles of Association to create and issue, from time to time, one or more classes of
preference shares and, with respect to each such class, to fix the terms thereof by resolution; 

•

 provisions relating to the multiple classes and three-year terms of directors, the manner of election of directors, removal of directors and the
appointment of directors upon an increase in the number of directors or vacancy on our board of directors; 

•

 restrictions on the ability of shareholders to call meetings and bring proposals before meetings; 

•

 elimination of the ability of shareholders to act by written consent; and 

•

 the requirement of the affirmative vote of 75% of the shares entitled to vote to amend certain provisions of our Memorandum and Articles of
Association. 

These provisions of our Memorandum and Articles of Association could discourage potential
takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for our ordinary shares in the future, which could reduce the market price of our ordinary shares. 

Rights of shareholders under British Virgin Islands law differ from those under United States law, and, accordingly, our shareholders may have fewer protections. 

Our corporate affairs are governed by our Memorandum and Articles of Association, the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 (as amended, the
“BVI Act”) and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The rights of shareholders to take legal action against our directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin
Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the British Virgin Islands and by the BVI Act. The common law of the British Virgin Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the British Virgin
Islands as well as from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands
law are not as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedents in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United
States, and some states (such as Delaware) have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. As a result of the foregoing, holders of our ordinary shares may have more difficulty in protecting their interests through
actions against our management, directors or major shareholders than they would as shareholders of a U.S. company. 

18 

Table of Contents

The laws of the British Virgin Islands provide limited protection for minority shareholders, so
minority shareholders will have limited or no recourse if they are dissatisfied with the conduct of our affairs. 

Under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, there is limited statutory law for the protection of minority shareholders other than the
provisions of the BVI Act dealing with shareholder remedies (as summarized under Item 10- “Additional Information- Memorandum and Articles of Association”). The principal protection under statutory law is that shareholders may bring
an action to enforce the constituent documents of a British Virgin Islands company and are entitled to have the affairs of the company conducted in accordance with the BVI Act and the memorandum and articles of association of the company. As such,
if those who control the company have persistently disregarded the requirements of the BVI Act or the provisions of the company’s memorandum and articles of association, then the courts will likely grant relief. Generally, the areas in which
the courts will intervene are the following: (i) an act complained of which is outside the scope of the authorized business or is illegal or not capable of ratification by the majority; (ii) acts that constitute fraud on the minority where
the wrongdoers control the company; (iii) acts that infringe on the personal rights of the shareholders, such as the right to vote; and (iv) acts where the company has not complied with provisions requiring approval of a special or
extraordinary majority of shareholders, which are more limited than the rights afforded to minority shareholders under the laws of many states in the United States. 

It may be difficult to enforce judgments against us or our executive officers and directors in jurisdictions outside the United States. 

Under our Memorandum and Articles of Association, we may indemnify and hold our directors harmless against all claims and suits brought
against them, subject to limited exceptions. Furthermore, to the extent allowed by law, the rights and obligations among or between us, any of our current or former directors, officers and employees and any current or former shareholder will be
governed exclusively by the laws of the British Virgin Islands and subject to the jurisdiction of the British Virgin Islands courts, unless those rights or obligations do not relate to or arise out of their capacities as such. Although there is
doubt as to whether United States courts would enforce these provisions in an action brought in the United States under United States securities laws, these provisions could make judgments obtained outside of the British Virgin Islands more
difficult to enforce against our assets in the British Virgin Islands or jurisdictions that would apply British Virgin Islands law. 

British Virgin Islands companies may not be able to initiate shareholder derivative actions, thereby depriving shareholders of one avenue to
protect their interests. 

British Virgin Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative
action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances in which any such action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect of any such action, may result in the rights of shareholders of a British
Virgin Islands company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States. Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred. The
British Virgin Islands courts are also unlikely to recognize or enforce judgments of courts in the United States based on certain liability provisions of United States securities law or to impose liabilities, in original actions brought in the
British Virgin Islands, based on certain liability provisions of the United States securities laws that are penal in nature. There is no statutory recognition in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, although the
courts of the British Virgin Islands will generally recognize and enforce the non-penal judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits. This means that even if shareholders were to sue us successfully, they may
not be able to recover anything to make up for the losses suffered. 

Legislation has been introduced that would, if enacted, treat us as
a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

On February 7, 2012, U.S. Senator Carl Levin
introduced legislation in the U.S. Senate entitled the “Cut Loopholes Act.” U.S. Senator Levin and U.S. Representative Lloyd Doggett originally introduced similar legislative proposals in 2009 and similar legislation was proposed in 2010
and 2011. If enacted, this legislation would, among other things, cause us to be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. tax purposes, as generally any entity whose shares are publicly traded on an established securities market, or whose gross assets
are $50 million or more, if the “management and control” of such a corporation is, directly or indirectly, is treated as occurring primarily within the United States. The proposed legislation provides that a corporation will be so treated
if substantially all of the executive officers and senior management of the corporation who exercise day-to-day responsibility for making decisions involving strategic, financial and operational policies of the corporation are located primarily
within the United States. To date, this legislation has not been approved by either the House of Representatives or the Senate. However, we can provide no assurance that this legislation or similar legislation will not ultimately be adopted. Any
such modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws that affects the tax residency of a non-U.S. company managed and controlled in the United States could adversely affect the U.S. federal taxation of some or all of our income and the value of our
ordinary shares. 

Failure to maintain adequate financial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our financial
reporting, which could harm our business and cause a decline in the price of our ordinary shares. 

As a public company
we are required to document and test our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so that our management can certify the effectiveness of our internal controls on management’s assessment
and on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual reports. If our management is unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls or if our independent registered public accounting firm cannot render
an opinion on management’s assessment and on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or if material weaknesses in our internal controls are identified, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public
confidence, which could harm our business and cause a decline in the price of our ordinary shares. 

19 

Table of Contents