. 

You should read the following risk factors carefully
in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the risks relate to our business and others to the Spin-Off. Any of the following risks could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe we have identified and discussed below
the material risks affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be material that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations in the future. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We operate in a highly competitive industry. 

The food and beverage industry is highly competitive. We compete
based on product innovation, price, product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing, promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. 

We may need to reduce our prices in response to competitive and customer pressures. Competition and customer pressures may also restrict our ability to increase
prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. We may also need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing, retail trade incentives, advertising, and new product innovation to maintain market share. These expenditures are subject to
risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we reduce prices or face increased costs, but cannot increase sales volumes to offset those changes, then our financial condition and results of operations may
suffer. 

Maintaining our reputation and brand image is essential to our business success. 

We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition. Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend
our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new product offerings. 

We seek to maintain, extend, and expand our brand image through
marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and product innovation. Increasing media attention to the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and greater scrutiny of
food marketing practices. Increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising, consumer promotions and marketing, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend and expand our brands. Moreover, adverse
publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers’ confidence and reduce long-term demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not
material to our operations. 

In addition, our success in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a
rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. Negative posts or comments about us on social networking Web sites or similar online activity could seriously damage our
reputation and brand image. We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how we market our products. These restrictions may limit our ability to maintain, extend, and expand our brand image as the media and communications
environment continues to evolve. If we do not maintain, extend, and expand our brand image, then our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

10 

Table of Contents

We must leverage our value proposition to compete against retailer brands and other economy brands.

Retailers are increasingly offering retailer and other economy brands that compete with some of our products. Our products must provide higher
value and/or quality to our consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty such as those we continue to experience. Consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value and/or quality between our
products and retailer or other economy brands change in favor of competitors’ products or if consumers perceive this type of change. If consumers prefer retailer or other economy brands, then we could lose market share or sales volumes or shift
our product mix to lower margin offerings. These events could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The
consolidation of retail customers could adversely affect us. 

Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs, and food distributors in our
major markets, may consolidate, resulting in fewer customers on which we can rely for business. Consolidation also produces larger retail customers that may seek to leverage their position to improve their profitability by demanding improved
efficiency, lower pricing, increased promotional programs, or specifically tailored products. In addition, larger retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their
own retailer brands. Retail consolidation and increasing retailer power could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers’ business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material and adverse effect on us. For example, if our
customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing, then they may delay, decrease, or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases. 

Changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers, or in the trade terms required by these customers or suppliers, could reduce sales and profits. 

During 2012, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 42% of our net revenues, with our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., accounting for
approximately 25% of our net revenues. There can be no assurance that all significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may
demand lower pricing and focus on developing their own brands. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

Disputes with significant suppliers, including regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to
our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our financial success
depends on our ability to correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, to offer new products to meet those changes, and to respond to competitive innovation. 

Consumer preferences for food products change continually. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of
consumers and to offer products that appeal to consumer preferences. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease and our profitability could suffer. 

We must distinguish between short-term fads, mid-term trends, and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which shifts in
consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, we must offer an array of products that satisfy the
broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product categories, or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories, demand for our products will
decrease and our profitability could suffer. 

Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food products could influence
consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may not be successful in our efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to
satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 

11 

Table of Contents

In addition, achieving growth depends on our successful development, introduction, and marketing of innovative new
products and line extensions. Successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property protections, and to avoid infringing the intellectual
property rights of others. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances by and intellectual property rights granted to competition, and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our financial
results. 

We may be unable to drive revenue growth in our key product categories, increase our market share, or add products that are in faster
growing and more profitable categories. 

The food and beverage industry’s overall growth is linked to population growth. Our future results
will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth in our key product categories. Because our operations are concentrated in North America, where growth in the food and beverage industry has been moderate, our success also depends in part on our
ability to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products in faster growing and more profitable categories. Our future results will also depend on our ability to increase market share in our existing product categories. Our failure to drive
revenue growth in our key product categories or develop innovative products for new and existing categories could materially and adversely affect our profitability, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Commodity, energy, and other input prices are volatile and may rise significantly, and increases in the costs of producing, transporting, and distributing our
products could materially and adversely affect our financial condition. 

We purchase large quantities of commodities, including dairy products,
coffee beans, meat products, wheat, corn products, soybean and vegetable oils, nuts, and sugar and other sweeteners. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of resins and cardboard to package our products and natural gas to operate
our factories and warehouses. We are also exposed to changes in oil prices, which influence both our packaging and transportation costs. Prices for commodities, other supplies, and energy are volatile and are subject to wide variations due to
conditions that are difficult to predict, including global competition for resources, currency fluctuations, severe weather or global climate change, consumer, industrial or commodity investment demand, and changes in governmental regulation and
trade, alternative energy, and agricultural programs. Rising commodity, energy, and other input costs could materially and adversely affect our cost of operations, including the manufacture, transportation, and distribution of our products, which
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Although we monitor our exposure to commodity prices as an
integral part of our overall risk management program, and seek to hedge against input price increases to the extent we deem appropriate, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from
increases in raw materials costs. For example, hedging our costs for one of our key commodities, dairy products, is difficult because dairy futures markets are not as developed as many other commodities futures markets. Continued volatility or
sustained increases in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase could increase the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer. Moreover, increases in the prices of our products to cover these increased costs may result
in lower sales volumes. If we are not successful in our hedging activities, or if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs, then commodity and other input price volatility or increases could materially and adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on our management team and other key personnel, and the loss of one or more key employees or
any difficulty in attracting, training, and retaining other talented personnel could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on the skills, working relationships and continued services of key personnel, including our experienced management team. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends on our ability to
identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train, and retain other talented personnel.
Any such loss or failure could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

Table of Contents

As a result of the Spin-Off, we no longer operate as part of a globally diversified food and beverage company and
therefore may be more vulnerable to adverse events and trends in North America. 

As formerly part of a globally diversified food and beverage
company, we were historically insulated against adverse events and trends in any particular region. After separating from Mondelēz International, however, we may be more susceptible to adverse regulations, economic climate, consumer trends,
market fluctuations, including commodity price fluctuations or supply shortages for certain of our key ingredients, and other adverse events that are specific to the United States and Canada. For example, because a majority of our operations and
product sales are in the United States, we expect that regulatory changes or changes in consumer food preferences in the United States will have a more significant impact on us than these changes would have had when we were part of Mondelēz
International. 

The concentration of our businesses in North America will present a challenge and may increase the likelihood that an adverse event in
North America will materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in regulations could increase our
costs and adversely affect our profitability. 

Our activities are highly regulated and subject to government oversight. Various federal, state,
provincial, and local laws and regulations govern food production and marketing, as well as licensing, trade, tax, and environmental matters. Governing bodies regularly issue new regulations and changes to existing regulations. Our need to comply
with new or revised regulations or their interpretation and application, including proposed requirements designed to enhance food safety or to regulate imported ingredients, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Concerns with the safety and quality of food products could cause consumers to avoid certain food products or
ingredients. 

We could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients,
or the food safety system generally. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions
. 

Legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that affect our product sales, reputation, and
profitability. 

We are a large food and beverage company operating in a highly regulated environment and a constantly evolving legal and regulatory
framework. Consequently, we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can be
no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover, the failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. Legal
claims or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales,
reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect
us. 

Selling products for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, including product contamination, spoilage, product tampering,
allergens, or other adulteration. We could decide to, or be required to, recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, adulteration, misbranding, tampering, or other deficiencies. A widespread product recall or market
withdrawal could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our
reputation and product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate
applicable laws or regulations, or if our products cause injury, illness, or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment or a
related regulatory enforcement action against us, or a significant product recall, may materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit, or
is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 

13 

Table of Contents

Unanticipated disruptions of our supply chain or distribution capabilities could adversely affect our ability to
provide our products to our customers as well as maintain our back-office systems. 

We have a complex network of suppliers, owned manufacturing
locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks, and information systems that support our ability to consistently provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather, natural
disasters, fire or explosion, terrorism, generalized labor unrest, or health pandemics, could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers’ or co-manufacturers’ operations. These disruptions may require additional resources to restore
our supply chain. If we cannot respond to disruptions in our operations, whether by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or are unable to quickly repair damage to our information,
production, or supply systems, we may be late in delivering, or unable to deliver, products to our customers and may also be unable to track orders, inventory, receivables, and payables. If that occurs, our customers’ confidence in us and
long-term demand for our products could decline. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our acquisition and divestiture activities may present financial, managerial, and operational risks. 

From
time to time, we may identify acquisition candidates that we believe strategically fit our business objectives or we may seek to divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or growth or profitability targets. Our acquisition or
divestiture activities may present financial, managerial, and operational risks. Those risks include diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, difficulties integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems,
inability to effectively and immediately implement control environment processes across a diverse employee population, adverse effects on existing customer and supplier business relationships, inaccurate estimates of fair value made in the
accounting for acquisitions and amortization of acquired intangible assets which would reduce future reported earnings, potential loss of acquired businesses’ customers or key employees, and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers or
sellers. In addition, while we are a North American business focused on traditional grocery categories, to the extent we undertake acquisitions or other developments outside our core geography or in new categories, we may face additional risks
related to such acquisitions or developments. In particular, risks related to foreign operations include compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, currency rate
fluctuations, compliance with foreign regulations and laws, including tax laws, and exposure to politically and economically volatile developing markets. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Weak financial performance, downgrades in our credit ratings, illiquid capital markets, and volatile economic conditions could limit
our access to the capital markets, reduce our liquidity, or increase our borrowing costs. 

From time to time we may need to access the short-term
and long-term capital markets to obtain financing. Our financial performance, our short-term and long-term credit ratings, the liquidity of the overall capital markets, and the state of the economy, including the food and beverage industry, will
affect our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future. There can be no assurance that we will have access to the capital markets on terms we find acceptable. 

In particular, we access the commercial paper market for regular funding requirements. A downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and
could affect our ability to issue commercial paper. Disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit markets also could reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and could
raise our borrowing costs for both short-term and long-term debt offerings. In response to the conditions, we may reduce or eliminate dividends on our common stock in order to conserve cash. Further, our inability to access the capital markets or an
increase in our borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse changes in the
equity markets or interest rates, changes in actuarial assumptions, and legislative or other regulatory actions could substantially increase our postemployment obligations and materially and adversely affect our profitability and results of
operations. 

We sponsor a number of benefit plans for employees in the United States and Canada, including defined benefit pension plans, retiree
health and welfare, active health care, severance, and other postemployment benefits. At the end of 2012, the projected benefit obligation of our defined benefit pension plans was $8.5 billion and these plans had assets of $6.6 billion. The
difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, significantly affects the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those plans. Among other factors, changes in
interest rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates, investment returns, minimum funding requirements, and 

14 

Table of Contents

the market value of plan assets can affect the level of plan funding, cause volatility in the net periodic pension cost, and consequently volatility in our reported net income, and increase our
future funding requirements. Legislative and other governmental regulatory actions may also increase funding requirements for our pension plans’ benefits obligation. 

We estimate the 2013 pension contributions will be approximately $625 million, which is approximately $583 million more than we contributed in 2012. Of the total 2013 pension contributions, approximately $540
million is expected to be voluntary. Volatile economic conditions increase the risk that we will be required to make additional cash contributions to the pension plans and recognize further increases in our net pension cost. A significant increase
in our U.S. pension funding requirements could require us to reduce spending on marketing, retail trade incentives, advertising, and other similar activities or could negatively affect our ability to invest in our business or pay dividends on our
common stock. 

Volatility in the market value of all or a portion of the derivatives we use to manage exposures to fluctuations in commodity prices
will cause volatility in our gross profits and net earnings. 

We use commodity futures and options to partially hedge the price of certain input
costs, including dairy products, coffee beans, meat products, wheat, corn products, soybean oils, sugar, and natural gas. For derivatives not designated as hedges, changes in the values of these derivatives are currently recorded in earnings,
resulting in volatility in both gross profits and net earnings. We report these gains and losses in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of earnings to the extent we utilize the underlying input in our manufacturing process. We report these
gains and losses in the unallocated corporate items line in our segment operating results until we utilize the underlying input in our manufacturing process, at which time we reclassify the gains and losses to segment operating profit. We may
experience volatile earnings as a result of these accounting treatments. 

We are increasingly dependent on information technology, and if we are
unable to protect against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks, or network security breaches, our operations could be disrupted and our business could be negatively impacted. 

We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic and financial information, to manage a
variety of business processes and activities, and to comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our
locations, personnel, customers, and suppliers. These information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing
software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, user errors, or catastrophic events. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage,
disruption, or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience business disruptions, transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales, causing our product
sales, financial condition, and results of operations to be adversely affected and the reporting of our financial results to be delayed. 

In addition,
if we are unable to prevent security breaches, we may suffer financial and reputational damage or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, customers, consumers, or suppliers. In
addition, the disclosure of non-public sensitive information through external media channels could lead to the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation and brand image. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands. 

We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, copyrights, and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our
business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements, and policing of
third-party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our technology, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current
legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. 

We may be unaware of
intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands, or products. Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management
and key personnel from our business operations. Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development
and sale of certain products. 

15 

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to our Recent Spin-Off 

If the Distribution, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify for non-recognition treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then we, Mondelēz International and our
shareholders could be subject to significant tax liability. 

Mondelēz International, our former parent, received a private letter ruling from
the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and an opinion of tax counsel, each substantially to the effect that, subject to the accuracy of and compliance with certain representations, assumptions and covenants, (i) the Distribution will
qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss to Mondelēz International and Mondelēz International’s shareholders pursuant to Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”), except to the extent of
cash received in lieu of fractional shares, and (ii) certain internal transactions undertaken in connection with the Distribution (“Internal Spin-Off Transactions”), qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss to us and Mondelēz
International pursuant to Sections 355 and 368 of the Code (except, in the case of the private letter ruling, to the extent the IRS generally will not rule on certain transfers of intellectual property, which are covered solely by the opinion).

Notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the opinion of tax counsel, the IRS could determine that the Distribution and Internal
Spin-Off Transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or covenants on which the private letter ruling is based are untrue or have been violated. Furthermore, as part of the
IRS’s policy, the IRS did not determine whether the Distribution and Internal Spin-Off Transactions satisfy certain conditions that are necessary to qualify for non-recognition treatment. Rather, the private letter ruling is based on
representations by us and Mondelēz International that these conditions have been satisfied. The opinion of tax counsel addressed the satisfaction of these conditions. Similarly, the IRS generally will not rule on contributions of intellectual
property that do not satisfy certain criteria. As a result, the private letter ruling does not address whether transfers of certain intellectual property included in the Internal Spin-Off Transactions qualify for non-recognition treatment. Rather,
the opinion of tax counsel addressed the qualification. 

The opinion of tax counsel is not binding on the IRS nor the courts, and there is no assurance
that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. In addition, the opinion of tax counsel relied on certain representations and covenants delivered by us and Mondelēz International. 

If the IRS ultimately determines that the Distribution and/or the Internal Spin-Off Transactions are taxable, we and Mondelēz International could incur
significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. Generally, taxes resulting from the failure of the Spin-Off to qualify for non-recognition treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be imposed on Mondelēz International or
Mondelēz International’s shareholders and, under the Tax Sharing and Indemnity Agreement we entered into in connection with the Spin-Off, Mondelēz International is generally obligated to indemnify us against such taxes. However, under
the Tax Sharing and Indemnity Agreement, we could be required, under certain circumstances, to indemnify Mondelēz International and its affiliates against all tax-related liabilities caused by those failures, to the extent those liabilities
result from an action we or our affiliates take or from any breach of our or our affiliates’ representations, covenants or obligations under the Tax Sharing and Indemnity Agreement, or any other agreement we entered into in connection with the
Spin-Off. 

If the Canadian aspects of the Internal Spin-Off Transactions were to fail to qualify for tax-deferred treatment for Canadian federal and
provincial income tax purposes, then our and/or Mondelēz International’s Canadian subsidiaries could be subject to significant tax liability. 

The Internal Spin-Off Transactions included steps to separate the assets and liabilities in Canada held in connection with Mondelēz International’s global snacks business from the assets and liabilities
in Canada held in connection with our North American grocery business. 

Our Canadian subsidiary received an advance income tax ruling from the Canada
Revenue Agency (“CRA”) to the effect that, subject to the accuracy of and compliance with certain representations, assumptions, and covenants and based on the current provisions of the Canadian Tax Act, such separation is treated for
purposes of the Canadian Tax Act as resulting in a “butterfly” reorganization with no material Canadian federal income tax payable by our Canadian subsidiary, Mondelēz International’s Canadian subsidiary or their respective
shareholders. 

16 

Table of Contents

Notwithstanding the receipt of the advance income tax ruling, the CRA could determine that the separation should be
treated as a taxable transaction if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions, or covenants on which the advance income tax ruling is based are untrue or have been violated. If the CRA ultimately were to determine that the
separation is taxable, our and/or Mondelēz International’s Canadian subsidiaries could incur significant Canadian federal and provincial income tax liabilities, and we are generally obligated to indemnify Mondelēz International and
its affiliates against such Canadian federal and provincial income taxes under the Tax Sharing and Indemnity Agreement. 

We have agreed to numerous
restrictions to preserve the non-recognition treatment of the transactions, which may reduce our strategic and operating flexibility. 

Even if the
Distribution otherwise qualifies for non-recognition of gain or loss under Section 355 of the Code, it may be taxable to Mondelēz International, but not Mondelēz International’s shareholders, under Section 355(e) of the Code
if 50% or more (by vote or value) of our common stock or Mondelēz International’s common stock is acquired as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the Distribution. For this purpose, any acquisitions of our or
Mondelēz International’s common stock within two years before or after the Distribution are presumed to be part of such a plan, although we or Mondelēz International may be able to rebut that presumption based on either applicable
facts and circumstances or a “safe harbor” described in the tax regulations. As a consequence, we agreed in the Tax Sharing and Indemnity Agreement to covenants and indemnity obligations that address compliance with Section 355(e) of
the Code. These covenants and indemnity obligations may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business, and might discourage or delay a strategic
transaction that you may consider favorable. 

Similarly, even if the Canadian aspects of the Internal Spin-Off Transactions otherwise qualify for
tax-deferred treatment in Canada under the butterfly reorganization provisions of the Canadian Tax Act, this tax-deferred treatment may be lost upon the occurrence of certain events after the Spin-Off. These would include an acquisition of control
of our Canadian subsidiary (which may occur upon an acquisition of control of us) that occurs as part of (or in some cases in contemplation of) a series of transactions or events that includes the butterfly reorganization. These post-butterfly
transaction restrictions may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business, and might discourage or delay a strategic transaction that you may consider
favorable. 

We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off. 

We believe that, as an independent, publicly traded company, we will be able to, among other matters, better focus our financial and operational resources on our
specific business, growth profile, and strategic priorities, design and implement corporate strategies and policies targeted to our operational focus and strategic priorities, streamline our processes and infrastructure to focus on our core
“center of the store” strengths, implement and maintain a capital structure designed to meet our specific needs, and more effectively respond to industry dynamics. However, we may be unable to achieve some or all of these benefits. For
example, in order to position ourselves for the Spin-Off, we undertook a series of strategic, structural, and process realignment and restructuring actions within our operations, including significant cost-cutting initiatives, including the
Restructuring Program (as defined below). These actions may not provide the cost benefits we currently expect, and could lead to disruption of our operations, loss of, or inability to recruit, key personnel needed to operate and grow our businesses,
weakening of our internal standards, controls, or procedures, and impairment of our key customer and supplier relationships. If we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as an independent company, or do not achieve
them in the time we expect, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We have limited
operating history as an independent, publicly traded company, and our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as an independent, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable
indicator of our future results. 

Our historical financial statements do not necessarily reflect the results of operations, financial position, and
cash flows we would have achieved as an independent, publicly traded company during the periods presented, or those that we will achieve in the future. This is primarily because of the following factors: 

•

 Prior to the Spin-Off, we operated as part of Mondelēz International’s broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company.
Mondelēz International performed various corporate functions for us, including information technology, research and development, finance, legal, insurance, compliance, and human resources activities. Our historical financial information
reflects allocations of corporate expenses from Mondelēz International for these and similar functions. These allocations may not reflect the costs we will incur for similar services in the future as an independent company.

17 

Table of Contents

•

 We entered into transactions with Mondelēz International that did not exist prior to the Spin-Off, including certain transition service agreements.

•

 Our historical financial information does not reflect changes that we expect to experience in the future as a result of our separation from Mondelēz
International, including changes in our cost structure, personnel needs, tax structure, financing, and business operations. As part of Mondelēz International, we enjoyed certain benefits from Mondelēz International’s operating
diversity, size, purchasing power, and available capital for investments, and we no longer receive these benefits. As an independent entity, we may be unable to purchase goods, services and technologies, such as insurance and health care benefits
and computer software licenses, on terms as favorable to us as those we obtained as part of Mondelēz International prior to the Spin-Off. 

Following the Spin-Off, we are also responsible for the additional costs associated with being an independent, publicly traded company, including costs related to corporate governance, investor and public
relations, and public reporting. Therefore, our historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance as an independent company. 

Mondelēz International has a significant understanding of our business and may be uniquely positioned to compete against us following the Spin-Off. 

Prior to the Spin-Off, we operated as part of Mondelēz International, and many of its officers, directors, and employees have participated in the development
and execution of our corporate strategy and the management of our day-to-day operations. Mondelēz International has significant knowledge of our products, operations, strengths, weaknesses, and strategies. It is also one of the largest food and
beverage companies in the world, with a strong presence in North America, and thus may be uniquely positioned to develop grocery products that compete against our products in North America. Though, following the Spin-Off, Mondelēz International
generally does not have rights to use trademarks related to the North American grocery business in North America and is restricted from using certain shared patents and trade secrets in North America for a period of time and under certain
circumstances, it is not restricted from developing products in the same product categories as our products and marketing these products under trademarks related to their global snacks business or under new trademarks. Because of Mondelēz
International’s competitive insight into our operations, competition from Mondelēz International may adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We incurred substantial indebtedness in connection with the Spin-Off, and the degree to which we are leveraged may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

We incurred substantial indebtedness in connection with the Spin-Off. As of December 29, 2012,
we had total debt of approximately $10 billion. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the debt retained or incurred pursuant to the Spin-Off as well as any future debt that we may incur, will depend on our
ability to generate cash in the future from operations, financings, or asset sales. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. We may
not generate sufficient funds to service our debt and meet our business needs, such as funding working capital or the expansion of our operations. If we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we may be forced to take
disadvantageous actions, including reducing spending on marketing, retail trade incentives, advertising and new product innovation, reducing financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes, selling
assets, or dedicating an unsustainable level of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. The lenders who hold our debt could also accelerate amounts due in the event that we default, which could
potentially trigger a default or acceleration of the maturity of our other debt. 

Our substantial indebtedness could also impair our ability to obtain
additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, or general corporate purposes, especially if the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward. In addition, our substantial leverage could put
us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged. These competitors could have greater financial flexibility to pursue strategic acquisitions and secure additional financing for their operations. Our ability to
withstand competitive pressures and to react to changes in the food and beverage industry could be impaired, making us more vulnerable in the event of a general downturn in economic conditions, in our industry, or in our business.