Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K concerning
expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or
performance and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than
statements of historical facts, are "forward-looking statements" within the

 25

meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Without limiting the foregoing, all statements under the captions "Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" and "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk" relating to our future outlook, anticipated capital expenditures, future
cash flows and borrowings, pursuit of potential acquisition opportunities and
sources of funding, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements reflect numerous assumptions and involve a number of risks and
uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those discussed in
such statements. The risks, uncertainties and factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially include but are not limited to the following:

We are a Holding Company, and Our Subsidiaries are Subject to State Regulation
Which Limits Their Ability to Pay Dividends and Make Distributions to Us

 We are a holding company with no business operations or sources of income
 of our own. We conduct all of our operations through our subsidiaries and
 depend on the earnings and cash flow of, and dividends or distributions
 from, our subsidiaries to provide the funds necessary to meet our debt and
 contractual obligations and to pay dividends on our common stock.

 In addition, a substantial portion of our consolidated assets, earnings and
 cash flow is derived from the operation of our regulated utility
 subsidiaries, whose legal authority to pay dividends or make other
 distributions to us is subject to regulation by the utility regulatory
 commissions of New York, Massachusetts and New Hampshire. Pursuant to NYPSC
 orders, the ability of KEDNY and KEDLI to pay dividends to us is
 conditioned upon their maintenance of a utility capital structure with debt
 not exceeding 55% and 58%, respectively, of total utility capitalization.
 In addition, the level of dividends paid by both utilities may not be
 increased from current levels if a 40 basis point penalty is incurred under
 a customer service performance program. At the end of KEDNY's and KEDLI's
 rate years (September 30, 2006 and November 30, 2006, respectively), their
 ratios of debt to total utility capitalization were in compliance with the
 ratios set forth above and we have incurred no penalties under the
 outstanding customer service performance program.

Our Gas Distribution and Electric Services Businesses May Be Adversely Affected
by Changes in Federal and State Regulation

 The regulatory environment applicable to our gas distribution and our
 electric services businesses has undergone substantial changes in recent
 years, on both the federal and state levels. These changes have
 significantly affected the nature of the gas and electric utility and power
 industries and the manner in which their participants conduct their
 businesses. Moreover, existing statutes and regulations may be revised or
 reinterpreted, new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable
 to us or our facilities and future changes in laws and regulations may
 affect our gas distribution and our electric services businesses in ways
 that we cannot predict.

 In addition, our operations are subject to extensive government regulation
 and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various
 federal, state and local governmental agencies. A significant portion of
 our revenues in our Gas Distribution and Electric Services segments are

 26

 directly dependent on rates established by federal or state regulatory
 authorities, and any change in these rates and regulatory structure could
 significantly impact our financial results. Increases in utility costs
 other than gas, not otherwise offset by increases in revenues or reductions
 in other expenses, could have an adverse effect on earnings due to the time
 lag associated with obtaining regulatory approval to recover such increased
 costs and expenses in rates. Various rulemaking proposals and market design
 revisions related to the wholesale power market are being reviewed at the
 federal level. These proposals, as well as legislative and other attention
 to the electric power industry could have a material adverse effect on our
 strategies and results of operations for our electric services business and
 our financial condition. In particular, we sell capacity, energy and
 ancillary services from our Ravenswood Generating Station facility into the
 New York Independent System Operator, or NYISO, energy market at
 market-based rates, subject to mitigation measures approved by the FERC.
 The pricing for capacity, energy sales and ancillary services in to the
 NYISO market is still evolving and some of the FERC's price mitigation
 measures are subject to rehearing and possible judicial review, as well as
 revision in response to market participant complaints or NYISO requests.

Our Risk Mitigation Techniques Such as Hedging and Purchase of Insurance May Not
Adequately Provide Protection

 To mitigate our financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations,
 KeySpan routinely enters into contracts to hedge a portion of our purchase
 and sale commitments, weather fluctuations, electricity sales, natural gas
 supply and other commodities. However, we do not always cover the entire
 exposure of our assets or our positions to market price volatility and the
 coverage will vary over time. To the extent we have unhedged positions or
 our hedging strategies do not work as planned, fluctuating commodity prices
 could cause our sales and net income to be volatile.

 In addition, our business is subject to many hazards from which our
 insurance may not adequately provide coverage. An unexpected outage at our
 Ravenswood Generating Station, especially in the significant summer period,
 could materially impact our financial results. Damage to pipelines,
 equipment, properties and people caused by natural disasters, accidents,
 terrorism or other damage by third parties could exceed our insurance
 coverage. Although we do have insurance to protect against many of these
 contingent liabilities, this insurance is capped at certain levels, has
 self-insured retentions and does not provide coverage for all liabilities.

SEC Rules for Exploration and Production Companies May Require Us to Recognize a
Non-Cash Impairment Charge at the End of Our Reporting Periods

 Our investments in natural gas and oil consist of our ownership of KeySpan
 Exploration and Production and Seneca-Upshur. We use the full cost method
 for KeySpan Exploration and Production and Seneca-Upshur. Under the full
 cost method, all costs of acquisition, exploration and development of
 natural gas and oil reserves are capitalized into a full cost pool as
 incurred, and properties in the pool are depleted and charged to operations
 using the unit-of-production method based on production and proved reserve
 quantities. To the extent that these capitalized costs, net of accumulated
 depletion, less deferred taxes exceed the present value (using a 10%
 discount rate) of estimated future net cash flows from proved natural gas

 27

 and oil reserves and the lower of cost or fair value of unproved