Forward Looking Statements 

Items 1, 1A, 3, 5, 7 and 7A of this Form 10-K contain “forward-looking statements,” made within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “may,” “intends,” “will,” “should,” “expects” and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. In addition, statements covering our future sales or financial performance and our plans, performance and other objectives, expectations or intentions are forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding our
liquidity, debt service requirements, planned capital expenditures, future store openings and adequacy of capital resources and reserves. There are a number of important factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those indicated
by the forward-looking statements, including among others, those risk factors described below. Forward-looking statements relate to the date made, and we undertake no obligations to update them. 

Declines in general economic conditions, consumer spending levels and other conditions could lead to reduced consumer demand for our merchandise and
cause reductions in our sales and/or gross margin. 

Consumer spending habits, including spending for the merchandise that we sell, are
affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of employment, salaries and wage rates, prevailing interest rates, housing costs, energy costs, income tax rates and policies, consumer confidence and consumer perception of
economic conditions. In addition, consumer purchasing patterns may be influenced by consumers’ disposable income, credit availability and debt levels. 

The recent economic slowdown has caused disruptions and significant volatility in financial markets, increased rates of default and bankruptcy and declining consumer and business confidence, which has led to decreased
levels of consumer spending, particularly on discretionary items. A continued or incremental slowdown in the United States economy and the uncertain economic outlook could continue to adversely affect consumer spending habits resulting in lower net
sales and profits than expected. 

Consumer confidence is also affected by the domestic and international political situation. The outbreak
or escalation of war, or the occurrence of terrorist acts or other hostilities in or affecting the United States, could lead to a decrease in spending by consumers. 

Actions by our competitors could adversely affect our operating results. 

The retail business is
highly competitive. We compete for customers, associates, locations, merchandise, services and other important aspects of our business with many other local, regional and national retailers. Those competitors, some of which have a greater market
presence than Kohl’s, include traditional store-based retailers, internet and catalog businesses and other forms of retail commerce. Unanticipated changes in the pricing and other practices of those competitors may adversely affect our
performance. 

If we do not offer merchandise our customers want and fail to successfully manage our inventory levels, our sales and/or
gross margin may be adversely impacted. 

Our business is dependent on our ability to anticipate fluctuations in consumer demand for a
wide variety of merchandise. Failure to accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns 

7 

Table of Contents

and other lifestyle decisions could create inventory imbalances and adversely affect our performance and long-term relationships with our customers.
Additionally, failure to accurately predict changing consumer tastes may result in excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns and adversely affect our operating results. 

Ineffective marketing could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

In 2008, advertising costs, net of related vendor allowances, were $890 million. We believe that differentiating Kohls’ in the marketplace is
critical to our success. We design our marketing programs to increase awareness of our brands, which we expect will create and maintain customer loyalty, increase the number of customers that shop our stores and increase our sales. If our marketing
programs are not successful, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to raise additional capital, if
needed, or to raise capital on favorable terms. 

Recently, the general economic and capital market conditions in the United States and
other parts of the world have deteriorated significantly and have adversely affected access to and cost of capital. If our existing cash, cash generated from operations and funds available on our lines of credit were insufficient to fund our future
activities, including capital expenditures, or repay debt when it becomes due, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. If unfavorable capital market conditions exist if and when we were to seek
additional financing, we may not be able to raise sufficient capital on favorable terms and on a timely basis (if at all). Failure to obtain capital on acceptable terms, or at all, when required by our business circumstances could have a material
adverse effect on us including an inability to fund new growth and other capital expenditures. 

Inefficient or ineffective allocation of
capital could adversely affect our operating results and/or shareholder value. 

Our goal is to invest capital to maximize our overall
long-term returns. This includes spending on inventory, capital projects and expenses, managing debt levels, and periodically returning value to our shareholders through share repurchases. To a large degree, capital efficiency reflects how well we
manage our other key risks. The actions taken to address other specific risks may affect how well we manage the more general risk of capital efficiency. If we do not properly allocate our capital to maximize returns, we may fail to produce optimal
financial results and we may experience a reduction in shareholder value. 

Changes in our credit card operations could adversely affect
our sales and/or profitability. 

Our credit card operations facilitate sales in our stores and generate additional revenue from fees
related to extending credit. Our ability to extend credit to our customers depends on many factors including compliance with federal and state banking and consumer protection laws, any of which may change from time to time. Changes in credit card
use, payment patterns and default rates may result from a variety of economic, legal, social and other factors that we cannot control or predict with certainty. Changes that adversely impact our ability to extend credit and collect payments could
negatively affect our results. 

In April 2006, we completed the sale of our private label credit card accounts and the outstanding balances
associated with the accounts. As a result of the sale, the credit card operations are now subject to numerous federal laws that impose disclosure requirements upon the origination, servicing and enforcement of credit accounts and limitations on the
maximum amount of finance charges that may be charged by a provider. The effect of these regulations or any changes in regulations of credit agreements could affect our results. 

Weather conditions could adversely affect our sales and/or profitability by affecting consumer shopping patterns. 

Because a significant portion of our business is apparel and subject to weather conditions in our markets, our operating results may be adversely affected
by severe or unexpected weather conditions. Frequent or 

8 

Table of Contents

unusually heavy snow, ice or rain storms or extended periods of unseasonable temperatures in our markets could adversely affect our performance by affecting
consumer shopping patterns or diminishing demand for seasonal merchandise. 

Our business is seasonal, which could adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. 

Our business is subject to seasonal influences, with a major portion of sales and income historically
realized during the second half of the fiscal year, which includes the back-to-school and holiday seasons. This seasonality causes our operating results to vary considerably from quarter to quarter and could materially adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. 

We may be unable to source merchandise in a timely and cost-effective manner, which could adversely affect
our sales. 

The merchandise we sell is sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. All of our vendors must comply
with applicable laws and our required standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge which is typically even more difficult with respect to goods sourced
outside the United States. Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade, the ability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable
terms, and the financial viability of our vendors are beyond our control and could adversely impact our performance. 

An inability to
attract and retain quality employees could result in higher payroll costs and adversely affect our operating results. 

Our performance
is dependent on attracting and retaining a large and growing number of quality associates. Many of those associates are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs while
controlling costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. Changes that adversely impact our ability to attract and retain quality associates could
adversely affect our performance. 

An inability to open new stores could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our plan to continue to increase the number of our stores will depend in part upon the availability of existing retail stores or store sites on acceptable
terms. Increases in real estate, construction and development costs could limit our growth opportunities and affect our return on investment. There can be no assurance that such stores or sites will be available for purchase or lease, or that they
will be available on acceptable terms. If we are unable to grow our retail business, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Regulatory and litigation developments could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. 

Various
aspects of our operations are subject to federal, state or local laws, rules and regulations, any of which may change from time to time. We continually monitor the state and federal employment law environment for developments that may adversely
impact us. Failure to detect changes and comply with such laws and regulations may result in an erosion of our reputation, disruption of business and/or loss of employee morale. Additionally, we are regularly involved in various litigation matters
that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation or regulatory developments could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. 

Damage to the reputation of our private and exclusive brands could adversely affect our sales. 

We
develop and promote private and exclusive brands that have generated national recognition. Damage to the reputations of our private and exclusive label brand names may generate negative customer sentiment, potentially resulting in a reduction in
sales, earnings, and thus shareholder value. 

9 

Table of Contents

Disruptions in our information systems could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our information systems. In particular, we rely on our information systems to
effectively manage sales, distribution, merchandise planning and allocation functions. We also generate sales though the operations of our Kohls.com website. The failure of our information systems to perform as designed could disrupt our business
and harm sales and profitability. 

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer or employee information could severely
damage our reputation, expose us to risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business. 

As part of our
normal course of business, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential customer and employee information. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of our third party service providers, may
be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of
confidential information, whether by us or our vendors, could severely damage our reputation, expose us to risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business.