Forward
Looking Statements 

Items 1, 3, 5, 7 and 7A of this Form 10-K contain “forward-looking statements,” made within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “may,” “intends,” “will,” “should,” “expects” and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, statements covering our future sales or financial performance and our plans, performance and other objectives, expectations or intentions are forward-looking
statements, such as statements regarding our liquidity, debt service requirements, planned capital expenditures, future store openings and adequacy of capital resources and reserves. There are a number of important factors that could cause our
results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements, including among others, those risk factors described below. Forward-looking statements relate to the date made, and we undertake no obligations to update them.

Declines in general economic conditions, consumer spending levels and other conditions could lead to reduced consumer
demand for our merchandise and cause reductions in our sales and/or gross margin. 

Consumer spending habits, including
spending for the merchandise that we sell, are affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of employment, salaries and wage rates, prevailing interest rates, housing costs, energy costs, income tax rates and policies,
consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic conditions. In addition, consumer purchasing patterns may be influenced by consumers’ disposable income, credit availability and debt levels. 

7 

Table of Contents

Recent economic conditions have caused disruptions and significant volatility in financial
markets, increased rates of default and bankruptcy and declining consumer and business confidence, which has led to decreased levels of consumer spending, particularly on discretionary items. A continued or incremental slowdown in the U.S. economy
and the uncertain economic outlook could continue to adversely affect consumer spending habits resulting in lower net sales and profits than expected on a quarterly or annual basis. As all of our stores are located in the United States, we are
especially susceptible to deteriorations in the U.S. economy. 

Consumer confidence is also affected by the domestic and
international political situation. The outbreak or escalation of war, or the occurrence of terrorist acts or other hostilities in or affecting the United States, could lead to a decrease in spending by consumers. 

Actions by our competitors could adversely affect our operating results. 

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for customers, associates, locations, merchandise, services and other important
aspects of our business with many other local, regional and national retailers. Those competitors, some of which have a greater market presence than Kohl’s, include traditional store-based retailers, internet and catalog businesses and other
forms of retail commerce. Unanticipated changes in the pricing and other practices of those competitors may adversely affect our performance. 

Product safety concerns could adversely affect our sales and operating results. 

If our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, experience increased costs and/or be exposed to
legal and reputational risk. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action and/or private litigation. Reputational damage caused by real or perceived product safety
concerns, could have a negative impact on our sales. 

If we do not offer merchandise our customers want and fail to
successfully manage our inventory levels, our sales and/or gross margin may be adversely impacted. 

Our business is
dependent on our ability to anticipate fluctuations in consumer demand for a wide variety of merchandise. Failure to accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions could create
inventory imbalances and adversely affect our performance and long-term relationships with our customers. Additionally, failure to accurately predict changing consumer tastes may result in excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns
and adversely affect our operating results. 

Ineffective marketing could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

In 2010, advertising costs, net of related vendor allowances, were $869 million. We believe that differentiating
Kohl’s in the marketplace is critical to our success. We design our marketing programs to increase awareness of our brands, which we expect will create and maintain customer loyalty, increase the number of customers that shop our stores and
increase our sales. If our marketing programs are not successful, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to raise additional capital, if needed, or to raise capital on favorable terms. 

In recent years, the general economic and capital market conditions in the United States and other parts of the world have deteriorated
significantly and have adversely affected access to capital and increased the cost of capital. If our existing cash, cash generated from operations and funds available on our lines of credit are insufficient to fund our future activities, including
capital expenditures, or repay debt when it becomes due, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. If unfavorable capital market conditions exist if and when we were to seek additional financing, we
may not be able to raise sufficient capital on favorable terms and on a timely basis (if at all). Failure to obtain capital on acceptable terms, or at all, 

8 

Table of Contents

when required by our business circumstances could have a material adverse effect on us including an inability to fund new growth and other capital expenditures. 

In 2010, we entered into a derivative product to manage our exposure to interest rates on debt that we expect to issue in late 2011.
Disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets could lead to losses on this derivative position resulting from counterparty failures. 

Inefficient or ineffective allocation of capital could adversely affect our operating results and/or shareholder value. 

Our goal is to invest capital to maximize our overall long-term returns. This includes spending on inventory, capital projects and expenses, managing debt levels, and periodically returning value to our
shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. To a large degree, capital efficiency reflects how well we manage our other key risks. The actions taken to address other specific risks may affect how well we manage the more general risk of
capital efficiency. If we do not properly allocate our capital to maximize returns, we may fail to produce optimal financial results and we may experience a reduction in shareholder value. 

Changes in our credit card operations could adversely affect our sales and/or profitability. 

Our credit card operations facilitate sales in our stores and generate additional revenue from fees related to extending credit. The
proprietary Kohl’s credit card accounts have been sold to an unrelated third-party, but we share in the net revenues of the program according to a fixed percentage. Net revenues are settled monthly and include finance charge and late fee
revenues, less write-offs of uncollectible accounts and other expenses. 

In August 2010, we entered into a Private Label
Credit Card Program Agreement with Capital One, National Association (“Capital One”), which will be effective upon transition of the outstanding receivables from our former partner to Capital One. We currently expect this transition to
occur in the first fiscal quarter of 2011. Kohl’s and Capital One will share in the net risk-adjusted revenue of the portfolio, which is defined as the sum of finance charges, late fees and other revenue less write-offs of uncollectible
accounts. Changes in funding costs related to interest rate fluctuations will be shared similar to the revenue. Though management currently believes that increases in funding costs will be largely offset by increases in finance charge revenue,
increases in funding costs could adversely impact the profitability of this program. 

Changes in credit card use, payment
patterns and default rates may also result from a variety of economic, legal, social and other factors that we cannot control or predict with certainty. Changes that adversely impact our ability to extend credit and collect payments could negatively
affect our results. 

Weather conditions could adversely affect our sales and/or profitability by affecting consumer
shopping patterns. 

Because a significant portion of our business is apparel and subject to weather conditions in our
markets, our operating results may be adversely affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions. Frequent or unusually heavy snow, ice or rain storms or extended periods of unseasonable temperatures in our markets could adversely affect our
performance by affecting consumer shopping patterns or diminishing demand for seasonal merchandise. 

Our business is
seasonal, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our business is subject to seasonal
influences, with a major portion of sales and income historically realized during the second half of the fiscal year, which includes the back-to-school and holiday seasons. This seasonality causes our operating results to vary considerably from
quarter to quarter and could materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

9 

Table of Contents

We may be unable to source merchandise in a timely and cost-effective manner, which could
adversely affect our sales and operating results. 

Approximately 23% of the merchandise we sell is sourced through a third
party purchasing agent. The remaining merchandise is sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. All of our vendors must comply with applicable laws and our required Terms of Engagement. Our ability to find qualified vendors
and access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge which is typically even more difficult with respect to goods sourced outside the United States. Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency
exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade, and the ability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms are beyond our control and could adversely impact our performance. 

If any of our vendors were to become subject to bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings, we may be unable to arrange for
alternate or replacement contracts, transactions or business relationships on terms as favorable as current terms, which could adversely affect our sales and operating results. 

Increases in the price of merchandise, raw materials, fuel and labor or their reduced availability could increase our cost of goods
and negatively impact our financial results. 

We are beginning to experience inflation in our merchandise, raw materials,
fuel and labor costs. The cost of cotton, which is a key raw material in many of our products, has had the most dramatic increases. The price and availability of cotton may fluctuate substantially, depending on a variety of factors, including
demand, acreage devoted to cotton crops and crop yields, weather, supply conditions, transportation costs, energy prices, work stoppages, government regulation and government policy, economic climates, market speculation and other unpredictable
factors. Fluctuations in the price and availability of fuel, labor and raw materials, such as cotton, have not materially affected our cost of goods in recent years, but an inability to mitigate these cost increases, unless sufficiently offset with
our pricing actions, might cause a decrease in our profitability; while any related pricing actions might cause a decline in our sales volume. Additionally, any decrease in the availability of raw materials could impair our ability to meet our
production or purchasing requirements in a timely manner. Both the increased cost and lower availability of merchandise, raw materials, fuel and labor may also have an adverse impact on our cash and working capital needs as well as those of our
suppliers. 

An inability to attract and retain quality employees could result in higher payroll costs and adversely affect
our operating results. 

Our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining a large and growing number of quality
associates. Many of those associates are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels,
prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. Changes that adversely impact our ability to attract and retain quality associates could adversely affect our performance. 

An inability to open new stores could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our plan to continue to increase the number of our stores will depend in part upon the availability of existing retail stores or store
sites on acceptable terms. Increases in real estate, construction and development costs could limit our growth opportunities and affect our return on investment. There can be no assurance that such stores or sites will be available for purchase or
lease, or that they will be available on acceptable terms. If we are unable to grow our retail business, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Regulatory and litigation developments could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. 

Various aspects of our operations are subject to federal, state or local laws, rules and regulations, any of which may change from time to time. We continually monitor the state and federal employment law
environment 

10 

Table of Contents

for developments that may adversely impact us. Failure to detect changes and comply with such laws and regulations may result in an erosion of our reputation, disruption of business and/or loss
of employee morale. Additionally, we are regularly involved in various litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation or regulatory developments could adversely affect our business operations and financial
performance. 

Damage to the reputation of the Kohl’s brand or our private and exclusive brands could adversely affect
our sales. 

We believe the Kohl’s brand name and many of our private and exclusive brand names are powerful sales and
marketing tools and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. We develop and promote private and exclusive brands that have generated national recognition. In some cases, the brands or the marketing of such brands are tied to
or affiliated with well-known individuals. Damage to the reputations (whether or not justified) of our brand names or any affiliated individuals, could arise from product failures, litigation or various forms of adverse publicity, especially in
social media outlets, and may generate negative customer sentiment, potentially resulting in a reduction in sales, earnings, and shareholder value. 

Disruptions in our information systems could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our information systems. In particular, we rely on our information systems to effectively manage sales, distribution, merchandise planning and
allocation functions. We also generate sales though the operations of our Kohls.com website. The failure of our information systems to perform as designed could disrupt our business and harm sales and profitability. 

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information could severely damage our reputation, expose us to risks of
litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business. 

As part of our normal course of business, we
collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential customer information. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of our third party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of
vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, whether by us or
our vendors, could severely damage our reputation, expose us to risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business. 

New legal requirements could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
sales and results of operations may be adversely affected by new legal requirements, including health care reform and proposed climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations. 

In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed
into law in the U.S. This legislation expands health care coverage to many uninsured individuals and expands coverage to those already insured. The changes required by this legislation could cause us to incur additional health care and other costs,
but we do not expect any material short-term impact on our financial results as a result of the legislation and are currently assessing the extent of any long-term impact. 

The Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (the “CARD Act”) mandated fundamental changes in 2010 to many of our current business credit card practices, including
marketing, underwriting, pricing and billing (specifically restrictions on late and other penalty fees). While we have made numerous changes designed to lessen the impact of the changes required by the CARD Act, there is no assurance that we will be
successful. If we are not able to lessen the impact of the changes required by the CARD Act, the 

11 

Table of Contents

changes could adversely impact the profitability of our credit operations and make it more difficult to extend credit to our customers and collect payments which would have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations. 

The costs and other effects of other new legal requirements cannot be determined with
certainty. For example, new legislation or regulations may result in increased costs directly for our compliance or indirectly to the extent such requirements increase prices of goods and services because of increased compliance costs or reduced
availability of raw materials.