Forward Looking Statements 

Items 1, 2, 3, 5, 7 and 7A of this Form 10-K contain “forward-looking statements,” made within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as
“believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “may,” “intends,” “will,” “should,” “expects” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In
addition, statements covering our future sales or financial performance and our plans, performance and other objectives, expectations or intentions are forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding our liquidity, debt service
requirements, planned capital expenditures, future store openings and adequacy of capital resources and reserves. There are a number of important factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking
statements, including among others, those risk factors described below. Forward-looking statements relate to the date made, and we undertake no obligations to update them. 

Declines in general economic conditions, consumer spending levels and other conditions could lead to reduced consumer demand for our
merchandise and cause reductions in our sales and/or gross margin. 

Consumer spending habits, including spending for the
merchandise that we sell, are affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of employment, salaries and wage rates, prevailing interest rates, housing costs, energy costs, income tax rates and policies, consumer confidence
and consumer perception of economic conditions. In addition, consumer purchasing patterns may be influenced by consumers’ disposable income, credit availability and debt levels. 

The recent slowdown has caused disruptions and significant volatility in financial markets, increased rates of default and bankruptcy and
declining consumer and business confidence, which has led to decreased levels of

7 

Table of Contents

consumer spending, particularly on discretionary items. A continued or incremental slowdown in the U.S. economy and the uncertain economic outlook could continue to adversely affect consumer
spending habits resulting in lower net sales and profits than expected on a quarterly or annual basis. As all of our stores are located in the United States, we are especially susceptible to deteriorations in the U.S. economy. 

Consumer confidence is also affected by the domestic and international political situation. The outbreak or escalation of war, or the
occurrence of terrorist acts or other hostilities in or affecting the United States, could lead to a decrease in spending by consumers. 

Actions by our competitors could adversely affect our operating results. 

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for customers, associates, locations, merchandise, services and other important aspects of our business with many other local, regional and national retailers. Those competitors, some of
which have a greater market presence than Kohl’s, include traditional store-based retailers, internet and catalog businesses and other forms of retail commerce. Unanticipated changes in the pricing and other practices of those competitors may
adversely affect our performance. 

Product safety concerns could adversely affect our sales and operating results. 

If our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding safety, we
could experience lost sales, experience increased costs and/or be exposed to legal and reputational risk. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action and/or private
litigation. Reputational damage caused by real or perceived product safety concerns, could have a negative impact on our sales. 

If we do not offer merchandise our customers want and fail to successfully manage our inventory levels, our sales and/or gross margin may be adversely impacted. 

Our business is dependent on our ability to anticipate fluctuations in consumer demand for a wide variety of merchandise. Failure to
accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions could create inventory imbalances and adversely affect our performance and long-term relationships with our customers. Additionally,
failure to accurately predict changing consumer tastes may result in excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns and adversely affect our operating results. 

Ineffective marketing could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

In 2009, advertising costs, net of related vendor allowances, were $846 million. We believe that differentiating Kohl’s in the
marketplace is critical to our success. We design our marketing programs to increase awareness of our brands, which we expect will create and maintain customer loyalty, increase the number of customers that shop our stores and increase our sales. If
our marketing programs are not successful, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to
raise additional capital, if needed, or to raise capital on favorable terms. 

Recently, the general economic and capital
market conditions in the United States and other parts of the world have deteriorated significantly and have adversely affected access to capital and increased the cost of capital. If our existing cash, cash generated from operations and funds
available on our lines of credit are insufficient to fund our future activities, including capital expenditures, or repay debt when it becomes due, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. If
unfavorable capital market conditions exist if and when we were to seek additional financing, we may not be able to raise sufficient capital on favorable terms and on a timely basis (if at all). Failure to obtain capital on acceptable terms, or at
all, when required by our business circumstances could have a material adverse effect on us including an inability to fund new growth and other capital expenditures. 

8 

Table of Contents

Inefficient or ineffective allocation of capital could adversely affect our operating
results and/or shareholder value. 

Our goal is to invest capital to maximize our overall long-term returns. This includes
spending on inventory, capital projects and expenses, managing debt levels, and periodically returning value to our shareholders through share repurchases. To a large degree, capital efficiency reflects how well we manage our other key risks. The
actions taken to address other specific risks may affect how well we manage the more general risk of capital efficiency. If we do not properly allocate our capital to maximize returns, we may fail to produce optimal financial results and we may
experience a reduction in shareholder value. 

Changes in our credit card operations could adversely affect our sales and/or
profitability. 

Our credit card operations facilitate sales in our stores and generate additional revenue from fees related
to extending credit. In connection with the April 2006 sale of our proprietary credit card accounts to JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase”), we entered into a revenue-sharing agreement with JPMorgan Chase, which issues
Kohl’s branded private label credit cards to new and existing Kohl’s customers. Net revenues of the program are shared with JPMorgan Chase according to a fixed percentage and are settled monthly. Net revenues include finance charge and
late fee revenues, less write-offs of uncollectible accounts and other expenses. 

The Credit Card Accountability
Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (the “CARD Act”) mandates fundamental changes to many of our current business practices, including marketing, underwriting, pricing and billing. Most of the requirements became effective in
February 2010 and others will become effective in August 2010. Legislation has been proposed to accelerate the effective date of all of the CARD Act provisions effective as soon as the legislation is enacted, but prospects for enactment are
uncertain. Although the Federal Reserve has issued final rules implementing most of the provisions of the CARD Act, it has yet to issue rules implementing the provisions that take effect in August 2010. Accordingly, it is difficult to assess the
impact of those provisions at this time. While we have already made, and anticipate making additional, changes designed to lessen the impact of the changes required by the CARD Act, there is no assurance that we will be successful. If we are not
able to lessen the impact of the changes required by the CARD Act, the changes could adversely impact the profitability of our credit operations and make it more difficult to extend credit to our customers and collect payments which would have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Changes in credit card use, payment patterns and default rates may also
result from a variety of economic, legal, social and other factors that we cannot control or predict with certainty. Changes that adversely impact our ability to extend credit and collect payments could negatively affect our results. 

Our current agreement with JPMorgan Chase expires in 2011. We are currently exploring various alternatives to this agreement, including
entering into a new agreement with an alternative partner and expect to reach a decision by Fall 2010. This timing could be impacted by the timing of the issuance of final CARD Act regulations. We may be unable to negotiate a new contract at
comparable terms which could significantly reduce the net revenues which we currently earn under this program. Should we be unable to negotiate a new agreement, we may repurchase the receivables. We currently expect to use a combination of cash and
cash equivalents on hand and new debt to finance such a repurchase. As of January 30, 2010, outstanding receivables totaled approximately $3 billion. The outstanding receivable balance fluctuates during the year and typically reaches its highest
level during the holiday season and its lowest level during the first quarter of the year. 

Weather conditions could
adversely affect our sales and/or profitability by affecting consumer shopping patterns. 

Because a significant portion of
our business is apparel and subject to weather conditions in our markets, our operating results may be adversely affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions. Frequent or unusually heavy snow, ice or rain storms or extended periods of
unseasonable temperatures in our markets could adversely affect our performance by affecting consumer shopping patterns or diminishing demand for seasonal merchandise. 

9 

Table of Contents

Our business is seasonal, which could adversely affect the market price of our common
stock. 

Our business is subject to seasonal influences, with a major portion of sales and income historically realized
during the second half of the fiscal year, which includes the back-to-school and holiday seasons. This seasonality causes our operating results to vary considerably from quarter to quarter and could materially adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. 

We may be unable to source merchandise in a timely and cost-effective manner, which could adversely
affect our sales and operating results. 

Approximately 20% of the merchandise we sell is sourced through a third party
purchasing agent. The remaining merchandise is sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. All of our vendors must comply with applicable laws and our required Terms of Engagement. Our ability to find qualified vendors and
access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge which is typically even more difficult with respect to goods sourced outside the United States. Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency
exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade, and the ability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms are beyond our control and could adversely impact our performance. 

If any of our vendors were to become subject to bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings, we may be unable to arrange for alternate
or replacement contracts, transactions or business relationships on terms as favorable as current terms, which could adversely affect our sales and operating results. 

An inability to attract and retain quality employees could result in higher payroll costs and adversely affect our operating results. 

Our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining a large and growing number of quality associates. Many of those associates are in
entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and
changing demographics. Changes that adversely impact our ability to attract and retain quality associates could adversely affect our performance. 

An inability to open new stores could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our plan to continue to increase the number of our stores will depend in part upon the availability of existing retail stores or store sites on acceptable terms. Increases in real estate, construction and development costs could limit our
growth opportunities and affect our return on investment. There can be no assurance that such stores or sites will be available for purchase or lease, or that they will be available on acceptable terms. If we are unable to grow our retail business,
our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Regulatory and litigation developments could adversely affect our
business operations and financial performance. 

Various aspects of our operations are subject to federal, state or local
laws, rules and regulations, any of which may change from time to time. We continually monitor the state and federal employment law environment for developments that may adversely impact us. Failure to detect changes and comply with such laws and
regulations may result in an erosion of our reputation, disruption of business and/or loss of employee morale. Additionally, we are regularly involved in various litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation or
regulatory developments could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. 

Damage to the reputation
of our private and exclusive brands could adversely affect our sales. 

We develop and promote private and exclusive brands
that have generated national recognition. In some cases, the brands or the marketing of such brands are tied to or affiliated with well-known individuals. Damage to

10 

Table of Contents

the reputations of our private and exclusive label brand names or any affiliated individuals, could arise from product failures, litigation or various forms of adverse publicity and may generate
negative customer sentiment, potentially resulting in a reduction in sales, earnings, and shareholder value. 

Disruptions
in our information systems could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

The efficient operation of our business is
dependent on our information systems. In particular, we rely on our information systems to effectively manage sales, distribution, merchandise planning and allocation functions. We also generate sales though the operations of our Kohls.com website.
The failure of our information systems to perform as designed could disrupt our business and harm sales and profitability. 

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information could severely damage our reputation, expose us to risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business. 

As part of our normal course of business, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential customer information. Despite the
security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of our third party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or
other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, whether by us or our vendors, could severely damage our reputation, expose us to risks of litigation and
liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business. 

New legal requirements could adversely affect our operating
results. 

Our sales and results of operations may be adversely affected by new legal requirements, including proposed
health care reform legislation and climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations. The costs and other effects of new legal requirements cannot be determined with certainty. For example, new legislation or regulations may result
in increased costs directly for our compliance or indirectly to the extent such requirements increase prices of goods and services because of increased compliance costs or reduced availability of raw materials. At this point, we are unable to
determine the impact that healthcare reform could have on our employer-sponsored medical plans.