Forward Looking Statements 

This report contains statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions for forward looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements relate to developments, results, conditions or other events the Company expects or anticipates will occur in the future. The Company intends words such as
“believes,” “anticipates,” “ plans,” “expects” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, these statements may relate to future outlook, revenues, earnings,
store openings, planned capital expenditures, market conditions, new strategies and the competitive environment. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s then current views and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties 

5 

that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Any such forward-looking statements are qualified by the following important risk
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements relate to the date initially made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update them. An investment
in the Company’s common stock or other securities carries certain risks. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and other risks which may be disclosed from time to time in the Company’s filings with the SEC before
investing in the Company’s securities. 

General
Economic Conditions 

General economic factors that are
beyond the Company’s control impact the Company’s forecasts and actual performance. These factors include interest rates; recession; inflation; deflation; consumer credit availability; consumer debt levels; energy costs; tax rates and
policy; unemployment trends; the threat or possibility of war, terrorism or other global or national unrest; political or financial instability; and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. Increasing volatility in financial
markets may cause these factors to change with a greater degree of frequency and magnitude. Changes in the economic climate could adversely affect the Company’s performance. 

Competitive Pressures 

The retail business is highly competitive. The Company competes for customers, associates, locations, merchandise, services and other important aspects of
its business with many other local, regional and national retailers. Those competitors, some of which have a greater market presence than the Company, include traditional store-based retailers, internet and catalog businesses and other forms of
retail commerce. Unanticipated changes in the pricing and other practices of those competitors may adversely affect the Company’s performance. 

Consumer Demand 

The Company’s business is dependent on the Company’s ability to anticipate fluctuations in consumer demand for a wide variety of merchandise.
Failure to accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions could create inventory imbalances and adversely affect the Company’s performance and long term relationships with
its customers. 

Credit Card Operations 

The Company’s credit card operations facilitate sales in our stores and
generate additional revenue from fees related to extending credit. The Company’s ability to extend credit to its customers depends on many factors including compliance with federal and state banking and consumer protection laws, any of which
may change from time to time. Changes in credit card use, payment patterns and default rates may result from a variety of economic, legal, social and other factors that we cannot control or predict with certainty. Changes that adversely impact the
Company’s ability to extend credit and collect payments could negatively affect our results. In addition, the Company’s finance charge revenue is subject to changes in state legislation regarding interest rates. 

Weather conditions 

Because a significant portion of the Company’s business is apparel and
subject to weather conditions in its markets, its operating results may be unexpectedly and adversely affected. Frequent or unusually heavy snow, ice or rain storms or extended periods of unseasonable temperatures in its markets could adversely
affect the Company’s performance. 

Seasonality

The Company’s business is subject to seasonal
influences, with a major portion of sales and income historically realized during the second half of the fiscal year, which includes the back-to-school and holiday 

6 

seasons. This seasonality causes the Company’s operating results to vary considerably from quarter to quarter and could materially adversely affect the
market price of its securities. 

Merchandise Sourcing

The merchandise sold by the Company is sourced from a
wide variety of domestic and international vendors. All of the Company’s vendors must comply with applicable laws and the Company’s required standards of conduct. The Company’s ability to find qualified vendors and access products in
a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge which is typically even more difficult with respect to goods sourced outside the United States. Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates,
transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade, and the ability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms are beyond the Company’s control and could adversely impact the Company’s performance. 

Labor Conditions 

The Company’s performance is dependent on attracting and retaining a
large and growing number of quality associates. Many of those associates are in entry level or part time positions with historically high rates of turnover. The Company’s ability to meet the Company’s labor needs while controlling the
Company’s costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. Changes that adversely impact the Company’s ability to attract and retain quality
associates could adversely affect the Company’s performance. 

New Store Growth 

The Company’s plan to
continue to increase the number of its stores will depend in part upon the availability of existing retail stores or store sites on acceptable terms. Increases in real estate, construction and development costs could limit the Company’s growth
opportunities and affect its return on investment. There can be no assurance that such stores or sites will be available to the Company for purchase or lease, or that they will be available on terms acceptable to the Company. If the Company is
unable to grow its retail business, the Company’s financial performance could be adversely affected. 

New Markets 

The Company’s growth strategy is dependent upon the Company’s ability to successfully execute the Company’s retailing concept in new
markets and geographic regions. If the Company is unable to successfully execute its retail concept in these new markets and regions, or if consumers are not receptive to the Company’s concept in these markets or regions, the Company’s
financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Regulatory and Litigation Developments 

Various aspects of the Company’s operations are subject to federal, state or local laws, rules and regulations, any of which may change from time to time. Additionally, the Company is regularly involved in various litigation matters
that arise in the ordinary course of its business. Litigation or regulatory developments could adversely affect the Company’s business operations and financial performance. 

Information Systems 

The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our information systems. In particular, the Company relies on its information systems to
effectively manage sales, distribution, merchandise planning and allocation functions. The Company possesses offsite recovery capabilities for its information systems. The failure of the Company’s information systems to perform as designed
could disrupt its business and harm sales and profitability. 

7 

Other Factors 

The foregoing list of risk factors is not exclusive. Other factors and unanticipated events could adversely affect the
Company. The Company does not undertake to revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date the statement is made.