Forward Looking Statements 

Items 1, 2, 3, 5, 7 and 7A of this Form 10-K contain “forward-looking statements,” made within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “may,” “intends,” “will,” “should,” “expects” and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. In addition, statements covering our future sales or financial performance and our plans, performance and other objectives, expectations or intentions are forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding our
liquidity, debt service requirements, planned capital expenditures, future store openings and adequacy of capital resources and reserves. There are a number of important factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those indicated
by the forward-looking statements, including among others, those risk factors described below. Forward-looking statements relate to the date made, and we undertake no obligations to update them. 

7 

Table of Contents

General economic conditions affect our business. 

Consumer spending habits, including spending for the merchandise that we sell, are affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels
of employment, salaries and wage rates, prevailing interest rates, housing costs, energy costs, income tax rates and policies, consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic conditions. In addition, consumer purchasing patterns may be
influenced by consumers’ disposable income, credit availability and debt levels. A continued or incremental slowdown in the U.S. economy or an uncertain economic outlook could continue to adversely affect consumer spending habits resulting in
lower net sales and profits than expected on a quarterly or annual basis. 

Consumer confidence is also affected by the domestic and
international political situation. The outbreak or escalation of war, or the occurrence of terrorist acts or other hostilities in or affecting the United States, could lead to a decrease in spending by consumers. 

The highly competitive retail environment could adversely affect our operating results. 

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for customers, associates, locations, merchandise, services and other important aspects of our
business with many other local, regional and national retailers. Those competitors, some of which have a greater market presence than Kohl’s, include traditional store-based retailers, internet and catalog businesses and other forms of retail
commerce. Unanticipated changes in the pricing and other practices of those competitors may adversely affect our performance. 

Our sales
depend on consumer preferences and, increasingly, on fashion trends. 

Our business is dependent on our ability to anticipate
fluctuations in consumer demand for a wide variety of merchandise. Failure to accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions could create inventory imbalances and adversely affect
our performance and long-term relationships with our customers. Additionally, failure to accurately predict changing consumer tastes may result in excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns and adversely affect our operating
results. 

Capital efficiency and proper allocation. 

Our goal is to invest capital to maximize our overall long-term returns. This includes spending on inventory, capital projects and expenses, managing debt levels, and returning value to our shareholders through share
repurchases. To a large degree, capital efficiency reflects how well we manage our other key risks. The actions taken to address other specific risks may affect how well we manage the more general risk of capital efficiency. If we do not properly
allocate our capital to maximize returns, we may fail to continue to produce similar financial results and we may experience a reduction in shareholder value. 

Changes in our credit card operations could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our credit card
operations facilitate sales in our stores and generate additional revenue from fees related to extending credit. Our ability to extend credit to our customers depends on many factors including compliance with federal and state banking and consumer
protection laws, any of which may change from time to time. Changes in credit card use, payment patterns and default rates may result from a variety of economic, legal, social and other factors that we cannot control or predict with certainty.
Changes that adversely impact our ability to extend credit and collect payments could negatively affect our results. 

In April 2006, we
completed the sale of our private label credit card accounts and the outstanding balances associated with the accounts. As a result of the sale, the credit card operations are now subject to numerous federal laws that impose disclosure requirements
upon the origination, servicing and enforcement of credit accounts and limitations on the maximum amount of finance charges that may be charged by a provider. The effect of these regulations or any changes in regulations of credit agreements could
affect our results. 

8 

Table of Contents

Weather conditions can materially affect our operating results. 

Because a significant portion of our business is apparel and subject to weather conditions in our markets, our operating results may be unexpectedly and
adversely affected. Frequent or unusually heavy snow, ice or rain storms or extended periods of unseasonable temperatures in our markets could adversely affect our performance by affecting consumer shopping patterns or diminishing demand for
seasonal merchandise. 

Our business is seasonal. 

Our business is subject to seasonal influences, with a major portion of sales and income historically realized during the second half of the fiscal year, which includes the back-to-school and holiday seasons. This
seasonality causes our operating results to vary considerably from quarter to quarter and could materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our success is dependent on our ability to source merchandise in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

The merchandise we sell is sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. All of our vendors must comply with applicable laws and our required standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified vendors and access
products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge which is typically even more difficult with respect to goods sourced outside the United States. Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange
rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade, and the ability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms are beyond our control and could adversely impact our performance. 

Our success is dependent on our ability to attract and retain quality employees. 

Our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining a large and growing number of quality associates. Many of those associates are in entry level or
part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing
demographics. Changes that adversely impact our ability to attract and retain quality associates could adversely affect our performance. 

Our inability to open new stores could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our plan to continue to increase the number
of our stores will depend in part upon the availability of existing retail stores or store sites on acceptable terms. Increases in real estate, construction and development costs could limit our growth opportunities and affect our return on
investment. There can be no assurance that such stores or sites will be available for purchase or lease, or that they will be available on acceptable terms. If we are unable to grow our retail business, our financial performance could be adversely
affected. 

Regulatory and litigation developments could adversely affect our business. 

Various aspects of our operations are subject to federal, state or local laws, rules and regulations, any of which may change from time to time. We
continually monitor the state and federal employment law environment for developments that may adversely impact us. Failure to detect changes and comply with such laws and regulations may result in an erosion of our reputation, disruption of
business and or loss of employee morale. Additionally, we are regularly involved in various litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation or regulatory developments could adversely affect our business operations
and financial performance. 

Our business and reputation are linked with our proprietary brands. 

We develop and promote private and exclusive brands that have generated national recognition. Reputational damages incurred to the private and exclusive
label brand names may generate negative customer sentiment, potentially resulting in a reduction in sales, earnings, and thus shareholder value. 

9 

Table of Contents

Disruptions in our information systems could adversely affect our operating results. 

The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our information systems. In particular, we rely on our information systems to effectively
manage sales, distribution, merchandise planning and allocation functions. We also generate sales though the operations of our kohls.com website. We possess offsite recovery capabilities for our information systems. The failure of our information
systems to perform as designed could disrupt our business and harm sales and profitability. 

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or
confidential customer information, whether through a breach of our computer system or otherwise, could severely harm our business. 

As
part of our normal course of business, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential customer information. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of our third party service providers, may be
vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of
confidential information, whether by us or our vendors, could severely damage our reputation, expose us to risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business.