Forward Looking Statements 

Items 1, 3, 5, 7 and 7A of this Form 10-K contain “forward-looking
statements,” subject to protections under federal law. The Company intends words such as “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects” and similar
expressions to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, statements covering the Company’s future sales or financial performance and the Company’s plans, performance and other objectives, expectations or intentions are
forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding the Company’s liquidity, debt service requirements, planned capital expenditures, future store openings and adequacy of capital resources and reserves. There are a number of important
factors that could cause the Company’s results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements, including among others, those risk factors described below. Forward-looking statements relate to the date made, and the
Company undertakes no obligations to update them. 

General economic conditions affect the Company’s business. 

General economic factors that are beyond the Company’s control impact the Company’s forecasts and actual performance. These factors include
interest rates; recession; inflation; deflation; consumer credit availability; consumer debt levels; energy costs; tax rates and policy; unemployment trends; the threat or possibility of war, terrorism or other global or national unrest; political
or financial instability; and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. Increasing volatility in financial markets may cause these factors to change with a greater degree of frequency and magnitude. Changes in the economic
climate could adversely affect the Company’s performance. 

The highly competitive retail environment could adversely affect the
Company’s operating results. 

The retail business is highly competitive. The Company competes for customers, associates, locations,
merchandise, services and other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional and national retailers. Those competitors, some of which have a greater market presence than the Company, include traditional store-based retailers,
internet and catalog businesses and other forms of retail commerce. Unanticipated changes in the pricing and other practices of those competitors may adversely affect the Company’s performance. 

The Company’s sales depend on consumer preferences and, increasingly, on fashion trends. 

The Company’s business is dependent on the Company’s ability to anticipate fluctuations in consumer demand for a wide variety of merchandise.
Failure to accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions could create inventory imbalances and adversely affect the Company’s performance and long-term relationships with
its customers. 

Changes in the Company’s credit card operations could adversely affect the Company’s operating results.

The Company’s credit card operations facilitate sales in its stores and generate additional revenue from fees related to extending
credit. The Company’s ability to extend credit to its customers depends on many factors including compliance with federal and state banking and consumer protection laws, any of which may change from time to time. Changes in credit card use,
payment patterns and default rates may result from a variety of economic, legal, social and other factors that the Company cannot control or predict with certainty. Changes that adversely impact the Company’s ability to extend credit and
collect payments could negatively affect its results. 

In April 2006, the Company completed the sale of its private label credit card
accounts and the outstanding balances associated with the accounts. As a result of the sale, the credit card operations are now subject to numerous federal laws that impose disclosure requirements upon the origination, servicing and enforcement of

6 

Table of Contents

credit accounts and limitations on the maximum amount of finance charges that may be charged by a provider. The effect of these regulations or any changes in
regulations of credit agreements could affect the Company’s results. 

Weather conditions can materially affect the Company’s
operating results. 

Because a significant portion of the Company’s business is apparel and subject to weather conditions in its
markets, its operating results may be unexpectedly and adversely affected. Frequent or unusually heavy snow, ice or rain storms or extended periods of unseasonable temperatures in its markets could adversely affect the Company’s performance.

The Company’s business is seasonal. 

The Company’s business is subject to seasonal influences, with a major portion of sales and income historically realized during the second half of the fiscal year, which includes the back-to-school and holiday
seasons. This seasonality causes the Company’s operating results to vary considerably from quarter to quarter and could materially adversely affect the market price of its securities. 

The Company’s success is dependent on its ability to source merchandise in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

The merchandise sold by the Company is sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. All of the Company’s vendors must comply
with applicable laws and the Company’s required standards of conduct. The Company’s ability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge which is typically even more difficult
with respect to goods sourced outside the United States. Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade, and the ability to access
suitable merchandise on acceptable terms are beyond the Company’s control and could adversely impact the Company’s performance. 

The Company’s success is dependent on its ability to attract and retain quality employees. 

The Company’s
performance is dependent on attracting and retaining a large and growing number of quality associates. Many of those associates are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. The Company’s ability to meet
its labor needs while controlling costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. Changes that adversely impact the Company’s ability to attract and
retain quality associates could adversely affect the Company’s performance. 

The Company’s inability to open new stores could
adversely affect the Company’s operating results. 

The Company’s plan to continue to increase the number of its stores will
depend in part upon the availability of existing retail stores or store sites on acceptable terms. Increases in real estate, construction and development costs could limit the Company’s growth opportunities and affect its return on investment.
There can be no assurance that such stores or sites will be available to the Company for purchase or lease, or that they will be available on terms acceptable to the Company. If the Company is unable to grow its retail business, the Company’s
financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Regulatory and litigation developments could adversely affect the Company’s
business. 

Various aspects of the Company’s operations are subject to federal, state or local laws, rules and regulations, any of
which may change from time to time. The Company continually monitors the state and federal employment law environment for developments that may adversely impact the Company. Failure to 

7 

Table of Contents

detect changes and comply with such laws and regulations may result in an erosion of the Company’s reputation, disruption of business and or loss of
employee morale. Additionally, the Company is regularly involved in various litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business. Litigation or regulatory developments could adversely affect the Company’s business operations and
financial performance. 

The Company’s business and reputation are linked with its proprietary brands. 

The Company develops and promotes private and exclusive brands that have generated national recognition. Damages incurred to the private and exclusive
label brand names may generate negative customer sentiment, potentially resulting in a reduction in sales, earnings, and thus shareholder value. 

Disruptions in the Company’s information systems could adversely affect its operating results. 

The efficient operation
of the Company’s business is dependent on its information systems. In particular, the Company relies on its information systems to effectively manage sales, distribution, merchandise planning and allocation functions. The Company possesses
offsite recovery capabilities for its information systems. The failure of the Company’s information systems to perform as designed could disrupt its business and harm sales and profitability. 

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information, whether through a breach of the Company’s computer system or
otherwise, could severely harm the Company’s business. 

As part of the Company’s normal course of business, it collects,
processes and retains sensitive and confidential customer information. Despite the security measures the Company has in place, its facilities and systems, and those of its third party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts
of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, whether by the
Company or its vendors, could severely damage its reputation, expose it to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt its operations and harm its business.