. 

Our business and the businesses of our subsidiaries face many risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could lead
to events or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or equity and/or the business, results of operations, financial condition or equity of one or more of our
subsidiaries. We have described below the most significant risks facing us and our subsidiaries. There may be additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we do not currently perceive to be as significant that may also impact our business or
the businesses of our subsidiaries. 
You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information included in this
Report and any subsequent reports we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the information we make available to the public before investing in any securities issued by us. Our subsidiaries, CNA Financial
Corporation, Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. and Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP, also file reports with the SEC. You are also cautioned to carefully review and consider the information contained in the reports filed by those subsidiaries with the
SEC and the information they make available to the public before investing in any of their securities. 
Risks Related to Us and Our
Subsidiary, CNA Financial Corporation 

If CNA determines that its recorded insurance reserves are insufficient to cover its
estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, CNA may need to increase its insurance reserves which would result in a charge to CNA’s earnings. 

CNA maintains insurance reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses,
including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for reported and unreported claims. Insurance reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex management estimates developed utilizing a variety of actuarial
reserve estimation techniques as of a given reporting date. The reserve estimation process involves a high degree of judgment and variability and is subject to a number of factors which are highly uncertain. These variables can be affected by both
changes in internal processes and external events. Key variables include frequency of claims, claim severity, mortality, morbidity, discount rates, inflation, claim handling policies and procedures, case reserving approach, underwriting and pricing
policies, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and the lag time between the occurrence of an insured event and the time of its ultimate settlement. Mortality is the relative incidence of death. Morbidity is the frequency and severity of
injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted. 
There is generally a higher degree of variability in estimating
required reserves for long-tail coverages, such as general liability and workers’ compensation, as they require a relatively longer period of time for claims to be reported and settled. The impact of changes in inflation and medical costs are
also more pronounced for long-tail coverages due to the longer settlement period. Certain risks and uncertainties associated with CNA’s insurance reserves are outlined in the Insurance Reserves and Critical Accounting Estimates sections of
MD&A in Item 7. 
CNA is subject to the uncertain effects of emerging or potential claims and coverage issues that
arise as industry practices and legal, judicial, social, economic and other environmental conditions change. These issues have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on CNA’s business by either extending coverage beyond the original
underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims, resulting in further increases in CNA’s reserves. The effects of unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are extremely difficult to predict. 

In light of the many uncertainties associated with establishing the estimates and making the judgments necessary to establish
reserve levels, CNA continually reviews and changes its reserve estimates in a regular and ongoing process as experience develops from the actual reporting and settlement of claims and as the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. If
CNA’s recorded reserves are insufficient for any reason, the required increase in reserves would be recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. These charges could be substantial.

16 

CNA’s actual experience could vary from the key assumptions used to determine active
life reserves for long term care policies. 

CNA’s active life reserves for long term care policies are based
on CNA’s best estimate assumptions as of December 31, 2015 due to a reserve unlocking at that date. Key assumptions include morbidity, persistency (the percentage of policies remaining in force), discount rate and future premium rate
increases. These assumptions, which are critical bases for its reserve estimates are inherently uncertain. If actual experience varies from these assumptions or the future outlook for these assumptions changes, CNA may be required to increase its
reserves. See the Long Term Care Policyholder Reserves portion of the Insurance Reserves section of MD&A in Item 7 for more information. 

Estimating future experience for long term care policies is highly uncertain because the required projection period is very
long and there is limited claim history. Morbidity and persistency experience, inclusive of mortality, can be volatile and may be negatively affected by many factors including, but not limited to, policyholder behavior, judicial decisions regarding
policy terms, socioeconomic factors, cost of care inflation, changes in health trends and advances in medical care. 
A
prolonged period during which interest rates remain at levels lower than those anticipated in CNA’s reserving would result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting CNA’s obligations under long term care policies, which may
require changes to its reserves. This risk is more significant for CNA’s long term care products because the long potential duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting investment assets. Further, changes to the
corporate tax code may also affect the rate at which CNA discounts its reserves. In addition, CNA may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests. Any adverse deviation between the level of future premium rate
increases approved and the level included in CNA’s reserving assumptions may require an increase to its reserves. 
If
CNA’s estimated reserves are insufficient for any reason, including changes in assumptions, the required increase in reserves would be recorded as a charge against earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient.
These charges could be substantial. 
Catastrophe and systemic losses are unpredictable and could result in material losses.

Catastrophe losses are an inevitable part of CNA’s business. Various events can cause catastrophe losses.
These events can be natural or man-made, and may include hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil commotion, cyber attacks, pandemics and acts of
terrorism. The frequency and severity of these catastrophe events are inherently unpredictable. In addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing and new types of catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, a
phenomenon that has been associated with extreme weather events linked to rising temperatures, and includes effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels, rain, hail and snow. 

The extent of CNA’s losses from catastrophes is a function of the total amount of its insured exposures in the affected
areas, the frequency and severity of the events themselves, the level of reinsurance coverage, reinsurance reinstatement premiums and state residual market assessments, if any. It can take a long time for the ultimate cost of any catastrophe losses
to CNA to be finally determined, as a multitude of factors contribute to such costs, including evaluation of general liability and pollution exposures, infrastructure disruption, business interruption and reinsurance collectibility. Reinsurance
coverage for terrorism events is provided only in limited circumstances, especially in regard to “unconventional” terrorism acts, such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks. As a result of the items discussed above,
catastrophe losses are particularly difficult to estimate. Additionally, catastrophic events could cause CNA to exhaust its available reinsurance limits and could adversely affect the cost and availability of reinsurance. 

Claim frequency and severity for some lines of business can be correlated to external factors such as economic activity,
financial market volatility, increasing health care costs or changes in the legal or regulatory environment. Claim frequency and severity can also be correlated to insureds’ use of common business practices, equipment, vendors or software. This
can result in multiple insured losses emanating out of the same underlying cause. In these instances, CNA may be subject to increased claim frequency and severity across multiple policies or lines of business

17 

concurrently. While CNA does not define such systemic losses as catastrophes for financial reporting purposes, they are similar to catastrophes in terms of the uncertainty and potential impact on
its results. 
CNA has exposure related to A&EP claims, which could result in material losses. 

CNA’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposures related to A&EP claims. CNA’s experience has
been that establishing claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for casualty coverages relating to A&EP claims is subject to uncertainties that are greater than those presented by other claims. Additionally, traditional actuarial methods and
techniques employed to estimate the ultimate cost of claims for more traditional property and casualty exposures are less precise in estimating claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for A&EP. As a result, estimating the ultimate cost of
both reported and unreported A&EP claims is subject to a higher degree of variability. 
On August 31, 2010, CNA
completed a retroactive reinsurance transaction under which substantially all of its legacy A&EP liabilities were ceded to National Indemnity Company (“NICO”), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., subject to an aggregate limit of
$4.0 billion (“loss portfolio transfer” or “LPT”). The cumulative amount ceded under the loss portfolio transfer as of December 31, 2018 is $3.1 billion. If the other parties to the loss portfolio transfer do not
fully perform their obligations, net losses incurred on A&EP claims covered by the loss portfolio transfer exceed the aggregate limit of $4.0 billion or CNA determines it has exposures to A&EP claims not covered by the loss portfolio
transfer, CNA may need to increase its recorded net reserves which would result in a charge against earnings. These charges could be substantial. Additionally, if the A&EP claims exceed the limit of the loss portfolio transfer, CNA will need to
assess whether to purchase additional limit or to reassume claim handling responsibility for A&EP claims from an affiliate of NICO. Any additional reinsurance premium or future claim handling costs would also reduce CNA’s earnings. 

CNA uses analytical models to assist its decision making in key areas such as pricing, reserving and capital modeling and may be
adversely affected if actual results differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses. 

CNA uses
various modeling techniques and data analytics (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with its assets and liabilities. This includes both proprietary and
third party modeled outputs and related analyses to assist CNA in decision-making related to underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investing, reinsurance and catastrophe risk, among other things. CNA incorporates numerous assumptions
and forecasts about the future level and variability of policyholder behavior, loss frequency and severity, interest rates, equity markets, inflation, capital requirements, and currency exchange rates, among others. The modeled outputs and related
analyses from both proprietary models and third parties are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model design errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including those arising from the use of historical internal and
industry data and assumptions. 
In addition, the effectiveness of any model can be degraded by operational risks
including, but not limited to, the improper use of the model, including input errors, data errors and human error. As a result, actual results may differ materially from CNA’s modeled results. The profitability and financial condition of CNA
substantially depends on the extent to which its actual experience is consistent with the assumptions CNA uses in its models and ultimate model outputs. If, based upon these models or other factors, CNA misprices its products or fails to
appropriately estimate the risks it is exposed to, its business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity may be materially adversely affected. 

CNA faces intense competition in its industry. 

All aspects of the insurance industry are highly competitive and CNA must continuously allocate resources to refine and
improve its insurance products and services to remain competitive. CNA competes with a large number of stock and mutual insurance companies and other entities, some of which may be larger or have greater financial or other resources than CNA does,
for both distributors and customers. This includes agents, brokers and managing general underwriters who may increasingly compete with CNA to the extent that they continue to have direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance
risk. Insurers compete on the basis of many factors, including products, price, services, ratings and financial strength. The competitor landscape has evolved substantially in recent years, with significant consolidation and new market entrants,
resulting in increased pressures on CNA’s ability to 

18 

remain competitive, particularly in obtaining pricing that is both attractive to CNA’s customer base and risk appropriate to CNA. 

The property and casualty market is cyclical and has experienced periods characterized by relatively high levels of price
competition, resulting in less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. During
periods in which price competition is high, CNA may lose business to competitors offering competitive insurance products at lower prices. As a result, CNA’s premium levels and expense ratio could be materially adversely impacted. 

CNA markets its insurance products worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance brokers and managing
general underwriters who also promote and distribute the products of CNA’s competitors. Any change in CNA’s relationships with its distribution network agents, brokers or managing general underwriters including as a result of consolidation
and their increased promotion and distribution of CNA’s competitors’ products, could adversely affect CNA’s ability to sell its products. As a result, CNA’s business volume and results of operations could be materially adversely
impacted. 
CNA may be adversely affected by technological changes or disruptions in the insurance marketplace. 

Technological changes in the way insurance transactions are completed in the marketplace, and CNA’s ability to react
effectively to such change, may present significant competitive risks. For example, more insurers are utilizing “big data” analytics to make underwriting and other decisions that impact product design and pricing. If such utilization is
more effective than how CNA uses similar data and information, CNA will be at a competitive disadvantage. There can be no assurance that CNA will continue to compete effectively with its industry peers due to technological changes; accordingly this
may have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business and results of operations. 
In addition, agents and brokers,
technology companies or other third parties may create alternate distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. For example, they may create a digitally enabled distribution channel that
may adversely impact CNA’s competitive position. CNA’s efforts or the efforts of agents and brokers with respect to new products or alternate distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize greater levels of
data and technology, could adversely impact CNA’s business relationships with independent agents and brokers who currently market its products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources. 

CNA may not be able to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, which could result in
increased exposure to risk or a decrease in CNA’s underwriting commitments. 

A primary reason CNA purchases
reinsurance is to manage its exposure to risk. Under CNA’s ceded reinsurance arrangements, another insurer assumes a specified portion of CNA’s exposure in exchange for a specified portion of policy premiums. Market conditions determine
the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection CNA purchases, which affects the level of its business and profitability, as well as the level and types of risk CNA retains. If CNA is unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on
terms and conditions it deems acceptable, CNA may have increased exposure to risk. Alternatively, CNA may be unwilling to bear the increased risk and would reduce the level of its underwriting commitments. 

CNA may not be able to collect amounts owed to it by reinsurers, which could result in higher net incurred losses. 

CNA has significant amounts recoverable from reinsurers which are reported as receivables on its balance sheets and are
estimated in a manner consistent with claim and claim adjustment expense reserves or future policy benefit reserves. The ceding of insurance does not, however, discharge CNA’s primary liability for claims. As a result, CNA is subject to credit
risk relating to its ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. Certain of CNA’s reinsurance carriers could experience credit downgrades by rating agencies within the term of CNA’s contractual relationship, which would indicate an
increase in the likelihood that CNA would not be able to recover amounts due. In addition, reinsurers could dispute amounts which CNA believes are due to it. If the amounts collected from reinsurers, including any collateral, are less than the
amounts recorded by CNA, its net incurred losses will be higher. 

19 

CNA may not be able to collect amounts owed to it by policyholders who hold deductible policies and/or who
purchase retrospectively rated policies, which could result in higher net incurred losses. 

A portion of CNA’s
business is written under deductible policies. Under these policies, CNA is obligated to pay the related insurance claims and is reimbursed by the policyholder to the extent of the deductible, which may be significant. Moreover, certain
policyholders purchase retrospectively rated workers’ compensation policies (i.e., policies in which premiums are adjusted after the policy period based on the actual loss experience of the policyholder during the policy period).
Retrospectively rated policies expose CNA to additional credit risk to the extent that the adjusted premium is greater than the original premium, which may be significant. As a result, CNA is exposed to policyholder credit risk. If the amounts
collected from policyholders, including any collateral, are less than the amounts recorded by CNA, CNA’s net incurred losses will be higher. 

CNA may incur significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income arising from changes in the financial
markets. 

CNA’s investment portfolio is exposed to various risks, such as interest rate, credit spread, issuer
default, equity prices and foreign currency, which are unpredictable. Financial markets are highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, monetary policies, tax policies, domestic and international geopolitical issues and many other factors.
Changes in financial markets including fluctuations in interest rates, credit, equity prices and foreign currency prices, and many other factors beyond CNA’s control can adversely affect the value of its investments, the realization of
investment income and the rate at which it discounts certain liabilities. 
CNA has significant holdings in fixed income
investments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. A decline in interest rates may reduce the returns earned on new fixed income investments, thereby reducing CNA’s net investment income, while an increase in interest rates may reduce
the value of its existing fixed income investments. The value of CNA’s fixed income investments is also subject to risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to deterioration in the financial condition of issuers of the
investments CNA holds or in the underlying collateral of the security. Any such impairments which CNA deems to be other-than-temporary would result in a charge to earnings. 

In addition, CNA invests a portion of its assets in limited partnerships which are subject to greater market volatility than
its fixed income investments. Limited partnership investments generally provide a lower level of liquidity than fixed maturity or equity investments, which may also limit CNA’s ability to withdraw assets. 

Further, CNA holds a portfolio of commercial mortgage loans. CNA is subject to risk related to the recoverability of loan
balances, which is influenced by declines in the estimated cash flows from underlying property leases, fair value of collateral and creditworthiness of tenants of the underlying properties, where lease payments directly service the loan. Collecting
amounts from borrowers that are less than the amounts recorded would result in a charge to earnings. 
As a result of these
factors, CNA may not earn an adequate return on its investments, may be required to write down the value of its investments and may incur losses on the disposition of its investments. 

Inability to detect and prevent significant employee or third party service provider misconduct, inadvertent errors and omissions, or exposure relating
to functions performed on CNA’s behalf could result in a material adverse effect on CNA’s operations. 

CNA may incur losses which arise from employees or third party service providers engaging in intentional misconduct, fraud,
errors and omissions, failure to comply with internal guidelines, including with respect to underwriting authority, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. CNA’s controls may not be able to detect all possible circumstances of
employee and third party service provider non-compliant activity and the internal structures in place to prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. Any losses relating to such 
non-compliant activity could adversely affect CNA’s results of operations. 

20 

Portions of CNA’s insurance business is underwritten and serviced by third
parties. With respect to underwriting, CNA’s contractual arrangements with third parties will typically grant them limited rights to write new and renewal policies, subject to contractual restrictions and obligations and requiring them to
underwrite within the terms of CNA’s licenses. Should these third parties issue policies that exceed these contractual restrictions, CNA could be deemed liable for such policies and subject to regulatory fines and penalties for any breach of
licensing requirements. It is possible that in such circumstance CNA might not be fully indemnified for such third parties’ contractual breaches. 

Additionally, CNA relies on certain third-party claims administrators, including the administrators of its long term care
claims, to perform significant claim administration and claim adjudication functions. Any failure by such administrator to properly perform service functions may result in losses as a result of over-payment of claims, legal claims against CNA and
adverse regulatory enforcement exposure. CNA has also licensed certain systems from third parties. CNA cannot be certain that it will have access to these systems or that its information technology or application systems will continue to operate as
intended. These risks could adversely impact CNA’s reputation or client relationships or have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 

CNA is subject to capital adequacy requirements and, if it is unable to maintain or raise sufficient capital to meet these requirements,
regulatory agencies may restrict or prohibit CNA from operating its business. 

Insurance companies such as CNA are
subject to capital adequacy standards set by regulators to help identify companies that merit further regulatory attention. In the U.S., these standards apply specified risk factors to various asset, premium and reserve components of CNA’s
legal entity statutory basis of accounting financial statements. Current rules, including those promulgated by insurance regulators and specialized markets such as Lloyd’s, require companies to maintain statutory capital and surplus at a
specified minimum level determined using the applicable jurisdiction’s regulatory capital adequacy formula. If CNA does not meet these minimum requirements, CNA may be restricted or prohibited from operating its business in the applicable
jurisdictions and specialized markets. If CNA is required to record a material charge against earnings in connection with a change in estimated insurance reserves, the occurrence of a catastrophic event or if it incurs significant losses related to
its investment portfolio, which severely deteriorates its capital position, CNA may violate these minimum capital adequacy requirements unless it is able to raise sufficient additional capital. CNA may be limited in its ability to raise significant
amounts of capital on favorable terms or at all. 
Globally, insurance regulators are working cooperatively to develop a
common framework for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups that includes an International Capital Standard (“ICS”) that may need to be implemented on a group basis. Finalization and adoption of this framework,
including the ICS, could increase CNA’s prescribed capital requirement, the level at which regulatory scrutiny intensifies, as well as significantly increase its cost of regulatory compliance. 

CNA’s insurance subsidiaries, upon whom CNA depends for dividends in order to fund its corporate obligations, are limited by
insurance regulators in their ability to pay dividends. 

CNA is a holding company and is dependent upon dividends,
loans and other sources of cash from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations. Ordinary dividend payments or dividends that do not require prior approval by the insurance subsidiaries’ domiciliary insurance regulator are generally
limited to amounts determined by formulas that vary by jurisdiction. If CNA is restricted from paying or receiving intercompany dividends, by regulatory rule or otherwise, CNA may not be able to fund its corporate obligations and debt service
requirements or pay stockholder dividends from available cash. As a result, CNA would need to look to other sources of capital which may be more expensive or may not be available at all. 

Rating agencies may downgrade their ratings of CNA and thereby adversely affect its ability to write insurance at competitive rates or
at all. 

Ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies.
CNA’s insurance company subsidiaries, as well as CNA’s public debt, are rated by rating agencies, including, A.M. Best Company (“A.M. Best”), Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) and S&P Global
Ratings (“S&P”). Ratings reflect the rating agency’s opinions of an insurance company’s or insurance holding company’s financial strength, capital 

21 

adequacy, enterprise risk management practices, operating performance, strategic position and ability to meet its obligations to policyholders and debt holders. 

The rating agencies may take action to lower CNA’s ratings in the future as a result of any significant financial loss or
possible changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. The severity of the impact on CNA’s business is dependent on the level of downgrade and, for certain products, which rating agency takes the rating action. Among
the adverse effects in the event of such downgrades would be the inability to obtain a material volume of business from certain major insurance brokers, the inability to sell a material volume of CNA’s insurance products to certain markets and
the required collateralization of certain future payment obligations or reserves. 
In addition, it is possible that a
significant lowering of our corporate debt ratings by certain of the rating agencies could result in an adverse effect on CNA’s ratings, independent of any change in CNA’s circumstances. 

CNA is subject to extensive regulations that restrict its ability to do business and generate revenues. 

The insurance industry is subject to comprehensive and detailed regulation and supervision. Most insurance regulations are
designed to protect the interests of CNA’s policyholders and third-party claimants rather than its investors. Each jurisdiction in which CNA does business has established supervisory agencies that regulate the manner in which CNA conducts its
business. Any changes in regulation could impose significant burdens on CNA. In addition, the Lloyd’s marketplace sets rules under which its members, including CNA’s Hardy syndicate, operate. 

These rules and regulations relate to, among other things, the standards of solvency (including risk-based capital measures),
government-supported backstops for certain catastrophic events (including terrorism), investment restrictions, accounting and reporting methodology, establishment of reserves and potential assessments of funds to settle covered claims against
impaired, insolvent or failed private or quasi-governmental insurers. 
Regulatory powers also extend to premium rate
regulations which require that rates not be excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. State jurisdictions ensure compliance with such regulations through market conduct exams, which may result in losses to the extent non-compliance is ascertained, either as a result of failure to document transactions properly or failure to comply with internal guidelines, or otherwise. CNA may also be required by the jurisdictions in which it
does business to provide coverage to persons who would not otherwise be considered eligible or restrict CNA from withdrawing from unprofitable lines of business or unprofitable market areas. Each jurisdiction dictates the types of insurance and the
level of coverage that must be provided to such involuntary risks. CNA’s share of these involuntary risks is mandatory and generally a function of its respective share of the voluntary market by line of insurance in each jurisdiction. 

The United Kingdom’s expected exit from the European Union is expected to increase the complexity and cost of regulatory compliance
of CNA’s European business. 

In 2016, the U.K. approved an exit from the E.U., commonly referred to as
“Brexit.” Brexit is scheduled to be completed in early 2019. As treaties between the U.K. and the E.U. have not been finalized, as of January 1, 2019, CNA intends to write business in the E.U. through its recently established European
subsidiary in Luxembourg as its U.K. domiciled subsidiary will presumably no longer provide a platform for its operations throughout the European continent. As a result of such structural changes and modification to CNA’s European operations,
the complexity and cost of regulatory compliance of its European business has increased and will likely continue to result in elevated expenses. 
Risks
Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. 

The worldwide demand for Diamond Offshore’s drilling
services has historically been dependent on the price of oil and, as a result of low oil prices, demand has continued to be depressed in 2018. 

Demand for Diamond Offshore’s drilling services depends in large part upon the oil and natural gas industry’s
offshore exploration and production activity and expenditure levels, which are directly affected by oil and gas prices and market expectations of potential changes in oil and gas prices. Commencing in the second half of 2014, oil prices declined
significantly, resulting in a sharp decline in the demand for offshore drilling services, including services that 

22 

Diamond Offshore provides, and adversely affecting Diamond Offshore’s operations and cash flows compared to years before the decline. The continuation of low oil prices would have a material
adverse effect on many of Diamond Offshore’s customers and, therefore, on demand for its services and on its business. 

Oil prices have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile and are affected by numerous factors beyond Diamond
Offshore’s control. 
Although, historically, higher sustained commodity prices have generally resulted in increases
in offshore drilling projects, short term or temporary increases in the price of oil and gas will not necessarily result in an increase in offshore drilling activity or an increase in the market demand for Diamond Offshore’s rigs. The timing of
commitment to offshore activity in a cycle depends on project deployment times, reserve replacement needs, availability of capital and alternative options for resource development, among other things. Timing can also be affected by availability,
access to, and cost of equipment to perform work. 
Diamond Offshore’s business depends on the level of activity in the offshore
oil and gas industry, which has been cyclical and is significantly affected by many factors outside of its control. 

Demand for Diamond Offshore’s drilling services depends upon the level of offshore oil and gas exploration, development
and production in markets worldwide, and those activities depend in large part on oil and gas prices, worldwide demand for oil and gas and a variety of political and economic factors. The level of offshore drilling activity is adversely affected
when operators reduce or defer new investment in offshore projects, reduce or suspend their drilling budgets or reallocate their drilling budgets away from offshore drilling in favor of other priorities, such as shale or other land-based projects.
As a result, Diamond Offshore’s business and the oil and gas industry in general are subject to cyclical fluctuations. 

As a result of the cyclical fluctuations in the market, there have been periods of lower demand, excess rig supply and lower
dayrates, followed by periods of higher demand, shorter rig supply and higher dayrates. Diamond Offshore cannot predict the timing or duration of such fluctuations. Periods of lower demand or excess rig supply, which have occurred in the recent past
and are continuing, intensify the competition in the industry and often result in periods of lower utilization and lower dayrates. During these periods, Diamond Offshore’s rigs may not obtain contracts for future work and may be idle for long
periods of time or may be able to obtain work only under contracts with lower dayrates or less favorable terms. Additionally, prolonged periods of low utilization and dayrates could also result in the recognition of further impairment charges on
certain of Diamond Offshore’s drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of these rigs may not be recoverable. 

Diamond Offshore’s industry is highly competitive, with oversupply and intense price competition. 

The offshore contract drilling industry is highly competitive with numerous industry participants. Some of Diamond
Offshore’s competitors may be larger companies, have larger or more technologically advanced fleets and have greater financial or other resources than it does. The drilling industry has experienced consolidation and may experience additional
consolidation, which could create additional large competitors. Drilling contracts are traditionally awarded on a competitive bid basis. Price is typically the primary factor in determining which qualified contractor is awarded a job. 

New rig construction and upgrades of existing drilling rigs, cancelation or termination of drilling contracts and established
rigs coming off contract have contributed to the current oversupply of drilling rigs, intensifying price competition. 
Diamond
Offshore can provide no assurance that its drilling contracts will not be terminated early or that its current backlog of contract drilling revenue will be ultimately realized. 

Diamond Offshore’s customers may terminate their drilling contracts under certain circumstances, such as the destruction
or loss of a drilling rig or suspension of drilling operations for a specified period of time as a result of a breakdown of major equipment, excessive downtime for repairs, failure to meet minimum performance criteria (including customer acceptance
testing) or, in some cases, due to other events beyond the control of either party. 

23 

In addition, some of Diamond Offshore’s drilling contracts permit the
customer to terminate the contract after specified notice periods, often by tendering contractually specified termination amounts, which may not fully compensate Diamond Offshore for the loss of the contract. During depressed market conditions, such
as those currently in effect, certain customers have utilized such contract clauses to seek to renegotiate or terminate a drilling contract or claim that Diamond Offshore has breached provisions of its drilling contracts in order to avoid their
obligations to Diamond Offshore under circumstances where Diamond Offshore believes it is in compliance with the contracts. Additionally, because of depressed commodity prices, restricted credit markets, economic downturns, changes in priorities or
strategy or other factors beyond Diamond Offshore’s control, a customer may no longer want or need a rig that is currently under contract or may be able to obtain a comparable rig at a lower dayrate. For these reasons, customers may seek to
renegotiate the terms of Diamond Offshore’s existing drilling contracts, terminate their contracts without justification or repudiate or otherwise fail to perform their obligations under the contracts. As a result of such contract
renegotiations or terminations, Diamond Offshore’s contract backlog may be adversely impacted, it might not recover any compensation (or any recovery it obtains may not fully compensate it for the loss of the contract) and it may be required to
idle one or more rigs for an extended period of time. 
Diamond Offshore may not be able to renew or replace expiring contracts for
its rigs. 

As of the date of this Report, all of Diamond Offshore’s current customer contracts will expire
between 2019 and 2022. Some of Diamond Offshore’s drilling rigs are not currently contracted for continuous utilization between contracts and are being actively marketed for these uncontracted periods. Diamond Offshore’s ability to renew
or replace expiring contracts or obtain new contracts, and the terms of any such contracts, will depend on various factors, including market conditions and the specific needs of its customers at such times. Given the historically cyclical and highly
competitive nature of the industry, Diamond Offshore may not be able to renew or replace the contracts or it may be required to renew or replace expiring contracts or obtain new contracts at dayrates that are below existing dayrates, or that have
terms that are less favorable than existing contracts. Moreover, Diamond Offshore may be unable to secure contracts for these rigs. Failure to secure contracts for a rig may result in a decision to cold stack the rig, which puts the rig at risk for
impairment and may competitively disadvantage the rig as many customers during the most recent market downturn have expressed a preference for ready or “hot” stacked rigs over cold-stacked rigs. 

Diamond Offshore’s consolidated effective income tax rate may vary substantially from one reporting period to another. 

Diamond Offshore’s consolidated effective income tax rate is impacted by the mix between its domestic and international pre-tax earnings or losses, as well as the mix of the international tax jurisdictions in which it operates. Diamond Offshore cannot provide any assurances as to what its consolidated effective income tax rate will
be in the future due to, among other factors, uncertainty regarding the nature and extent of its business activities in any particular jurisdiction in the future and the tax laws of such jurisdictions, as well as potential changes in U.S. and
foreign tax laws, regulations or treaties or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, changes in the administrative practices and precedents of tax authorities or any reclassification or other matter (such as changes in applicable accounting
rules) that increases the amounts Diamond Offshore has provided for income taxes or deferred tax assets and liabilities in its consolidated financial statements. This variability may cause its consolidated effective income tax rate to vary
substantially from one reporting period to another. 

Diamond Offshore’s contract drilling expense includes fixed costs that
will not decline in proportion to decreases in rig utilization and dayrates. 

Diamond Offshore’s contract
drilling expense includes all direct and indirect costs associated with the operation, maintenance and support of its drilling equipment, which is often not affected by changes in dayrates and utilization. During periods of reduced revenue and/or
activity, certain of Diamond Offshore’s fixed costs will not decline and often it may incur additional operating costs, such as fuel and catering costs, for which the customer generally reimburses Diamond Offshore when a rig is under contract.
During times of reduced utilization, reductions in costs may not be immediate as Diamond Offshore may incur additional costs associated with cold stacking a rig (particularly if Diamond Offshore cold stacks a newer rig, such as a drillship or other
DP semisubmersible rig, for which cold stacking costs are typically substantially higher than for an older non-DP rig), or it may not be able to fully reduce the cost of its support operations in a particular
geographic region due to the need to support the remaining drilling rigs 

24 

in that region. Accordingly, a decline in revenue due to lower dayrates and/or utilization may not be offset by a corresponding decrease in contract drilling expense. 

Contracts for Diamond Offshore’s drilling rigs are generally fixed dayrate contracts, and increases in Diamond Offshore’s
operating costs could adversely affect the profitability of those contracts. 

Diamond Offshore’s contracts
for its drilling rigs generally provide for the payment of an agreed dayrate per rig operating day, although some contracts do provide for a limited escalation in dayrate due to increased operating costs it incurs on the project. Over the term of a
drilling contract, Diamond Offshore’s operating costs may fluctuate due to events beyond its control. In addition, equipment repair and maintenance expenses vary depending on the type of activity the rig is performing, the age and condition of
the equipment and general market factors impacting relevant parts, components and services. The gross margin that Diamond Offshore realizes on these fixed dayrate contracts will fluctuate based on variations in its operating costs over the terms of
the contracts. In addition, for contracts with dayrate escalation clauses, Diamond Offshore may not be able to fully recover increased or unforeseen costs from its customers. 

Diamond Offshore is subject to extensive domestic and international laws and regulations that could significantly limit its business
activities and revenues and increase its costs. 

Certain countries are subject to restrictions, sanctions and
embargoes imposed by the U.S. government or other governmental or international authorities. These restrictions, sanctions and embargoes may prohibit or limit Diamond Offshore from participating in certain business activities in those countries.
Diamond Offshore’s operations are also subject to numerous local, state and federal laws and regulations in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions concerning the containment and disposal of hazardous materials, the remediation of contaminated