necessarily
observe structural and environmental problems or reserves. We were not able to
obtain contractual indemnities from Dominion for many pre-closing liabilities
and risks, known or unknown, and assumed many such risks. The incurrence of an
unexpected liability or the failure of the business to perform in accordance
with our expectations could have a material adverse effect on our financial
position and results of operations.

Risks
Related to the Separation

We
will face different risks after the Separation.

If the Separation is consummated, we
will have a different operational and financial profile than before the
Separation. We will no longer own any of the outstanding stock of Lorillard, our
balance sheet will no longer reflect the assets and liabilities of Lorillard and
our income statement and statement of cash flows will no longer reflect
Lorillard’s operations. We expect that our total market capitalization will
decrease following the Separation. In addition, because we will no longer be
entitled to receipt of dividends from Lorillard, our ability to pay dividends
and to finance capital expenditures, working capital and acquisitions may be
adversely affected.

We
could have liability for tobacco-related lawsuits after the
Separation.

As a result of our ownership of
Lorillard, from time to time we have been named as a defendant in
tobacco-related lawsuits. We are currently a defendant in four such lawsuits and
could be named as a defendant in additional tobacco-related suits, even after
the consummation of the Separation. In the Separation Agreement which is to be
entered into between us and Lorillard at or prior to the time of the Separation,
Lorillard and each of its subsidiaries will agree to indemnify us for
liabilities related to Lorillard’s tobacco business, including liabilities that
we may incur for tobacco-related litigation against us. An adverse decision in a
tobacco-related lawsuit against us could, if the indemnification is deemed for
any reason to be unenforceable or any amounts owed to us thereunder are not
collectible, in whole or in part, have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and equity.

Risks
Related to an Investment in Our Carolina Group Stock

We
cannot be certain that we will continue to pay dividends on our Carolina Group
stock.

Determinations as to the future
dividends on Carolina Group stock primarily will depend on the dividends paid to
us by our subsidiaries, our capital requirements and other factors that our
board of directors considers relevant. The amount of dividends that legally
could be paid on Carolina Group stock if the Carolina Group were a separate
Delaware corporation may be greater than the amount actually available for the
payment of dividends under Delaware law and our charter. Furthermore, our
ability to pay dividends on Carolina Group stock may be reduced by dividends
that we pay on our common stock.

Our board of directors reserves the
right to declare and pay dividends on Carolina Group stock, and could, in its
sole discretion, declare and pay dividends, or refrain from declaring and paying
dividends, on Carolina Group stock. Our board of directors may take such actions
regardless of the amounts available for the payment of dividends on Carolina
Group stock, the amount of prior dividends declared on Carolina Group stock, the
voting or liquidation rights of Carolina Group stock, or any other
factor.

The
independence of the board of directors of Lorillard, Inc. and the board of
directors of its wholly owned subsidiary, Lorillard Tobacco Company, may affect
Lorillard’s payment of dividends to us and thereby inhibit our ability or
willingness to pay dividends and make other distributions on our Carolina Group
stock.

Our ability and willingness to pay
dividends and make other distributions on Carolina Group stock, including
dividends and distributions following a disposition of substantially all of the
assets attributed to the Carolina Group, will depend on a number of factors,
including whether the independent board of directors of Lorillard Tobacco
Company causes Lorillard Tobacco Company to declare and pay dividends to its
parent, Lorillard, Inc. and whether, in turn, the independent board of directors
of Lorillard, Inc. causes Lorillard, Inc. to declare and pay dividends to us. In
the event that Lorillard Tobacco Company or Lorillard, Inc. does not distribute
its earnings, we are unlikely to pay dividends on Carolina Group stock. To the
extent Lorillard, Inc. does not distribute net proceeds following the sale of
substantially all

 29

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

of the
assets attributed to the Carolina Group, we will not be required to apply the
net proceeds to pay dividends to holders of Carolina Group stock or redeem
shares of Carolina Group stock.

We expect that the boards of
directors of each of Lorillard, Inc. and Lorillard Tobacco Company will continue
to function independently of us and will direct the operations and management of
the assets and businesses of those corporations, respectively. None of the
individuals currently serving as directors of Lorillard, Inc. or Lorillard
Tobacco Company are officers, directors or employees of Loews
Corporation.

We
have allocated to the Carolina Group any liabilities or expenses that we incur
as a result of tobacco-related litigation.

The Carolina Group has been allocated
any and all liabilities, costs and expenses of us and Lorillard, Inc. and the
subsidiaries and predecessors of Lorillard, Inc., arising out of or related to
tobacco or otherwise arising out of the past, present or future business of
Lorillard, Inc. or its subsidiaries or predecessors, or claims arising out of or
related to the sale of any businesses previously sold by Lorillard, Inc. or its
subsidiaries or predecessors, in each case, whether grounded in tort, contract,
statute or otherwise, whether pending or asserted in the future.

Accordingly, we and/or Lorillard may
make decisions with respect to litigation and settlement strategies designed to
obtain our dismissal or release from tobacco-related litigation or liabilities.
Such decisions and strategies could result, for example, in limitations on
payment of dividends by Lorillard to us or an increase in Lorillard’s exposure
in such litigation.

Holders
of our common stock and Carolina Group stock are shareholders of one company
and, therefore, financial impacts on one group could affect the other
group.

Holders of our common stock and
holders of Carolina Group stock are all common shareholders of Loews Corporation
and are subject to risks associated with an investment in a single company.
Financial effects arising from one group that affect our consolidated results of
operations or financial condition could, if significant, affect the market price
of the class of common shares relating to the other group. In addition, if we or
any of our subsidiaries were to incur significant indebtedness on behalf of one
group, including indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection with an
acquisition or investment, it could affect the credit rating of us and our
subsidiaries taken as a whole. This, in turn, could increase our borrowing
costs. Net losses of either group and dividends or distributions on shares of
any class of common or preferred stock will reduce the funds legally available
for payment of future dividends on Carolina Group stock.

The
complex nature of the terms of our Carolina Group stock, or confusion in the
marketplace about what a tracking stock is, could materially adversely affect
the market price of Carolina Group stock.

Tracking stocks like Carolina Group
stock are more complex than traditional common stock and are not directly or
entirely comparable to common stock of stand-alone companies or companies that
have been spun off by their parent companies. The complex nature of the terms of
Carolina Group stock, and the potential difficulties investors may have in
understanding these terms, may materially adversely affect the market price of
Carolina Group stock. Examples of these terms include:

 ·

 the
 discretion of our board of directors to make determinations that may
 affect Carolina Group stock and our common stock
 differently;

 ·

 our
 redemption and/or exchange rights under particular circumstances;
 and

 ·

 the
 disparate voting rights of Carolina Group stock and our common
 stock.

Confusion in the marketplace about
what a tracking stock is and what it is intended to represent, and/or investors’
reluctance to invest in tracking stocks, could materially adversely affect the
market price of Carolina Group stock.

 30

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

Holders
of our common stock and Carolina Group stock generally vote together as a single
class.

Holders of Carolina Group stock
generally do not have the right to vote separately as a class. Holders of
Carolina Group stock have the right to vote as a separate class only to the
extent required by Delaware law. We have not held, and do not plan to hold,
separate meetings for holders of Carolina Group stock.

Holders
of our common stock have significantly greater voting power than holders of our
Carolina Group stock with respect to any matter as to which all of our common
shares vote together as one class.

Each share of our common stock has
one vote. Each share of Carolina Group stock is entitled to 3/10 of a vote,
which is disproportionately less than the economic interest represented by each
share of Carolina Group stock. When a vote is taken on any matter as to which
all of our common shares are voting together as one class, holders of our common
stock will have significantly greater voting power than holders of Carolina
Group stock. As of February 15, 2008, holders of our common stock controlled
approximately 94.2% of our combined voting power and holders of Carolina Group
stock controlled approximately 5.8% of our combined voting power. The voting
power of Carolina Group stock is subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock
dividends and combinations with respect to either class of stock.

Holders
of our Carolina Group stock may have interests different from holders of our
common stock.

The existence of separate classes of
our common stock could give rise to occasions when the interests of the holders
of our common stock and Carolina Group stock diverge or conflict or appear to
diverge or conflict. Subject to its fiduciary duties, our board of directors
could, in its sole discretion, from time to time, make determinations or
implement policies that disproportionately affect the groups or the different
classes of stock. Our board of directors is not required to select the option
that would result in the highest value for the holders of Carolina Group stock.
Examples include determinations by our board of directors to:

 ·

 pay
 or omit the payment of dividends on our common stock or Carolina Group
 stock;

 ·

 redeem
 shares of Carolina Group stock;

 ·

 approve
 dispositions of our assets attributed to either
 group;

 ·

 reallocate
 funds or assets between groups and determine the amount and type of
 consideration paid therefore;

 ·

 allocate
 business opportunities, resources and
personnel;

 ·

 allocate
 the proceeds of issuances of Carolina Group stock either to the Loews
 Group, with a corresponding reduction in the intergroup interest, if and
 to the extent there is an intergroup interest, or to the combined
 attributed net assets of the Carolina
Group;

 ·

 formulate
 public policy positions for us;

 ·

 establish
 relationships between the groups;

 ·

 make
 financial decisions with respect to one group that could be considered to
 be detrimental to the other group;
and

 ·

 settle
 or otherwise seek to resolve actual or potential litigation against us in
 ways that might adversely affect
Lorillard.

Any such decisions by our board of
directors could have or be perceived to have a negative effect on the Carolina
Group and could have a negative effect on the market price of Carolina Group
stock.

 31

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

If
our Carolina Group stock is not treated as a class of our common stock, several
adverse federal income tax consequences will result.

It is possible that the issuance of
Carolina Group stock could be characterized as property other than our stock for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such characterization could require us to
recognize taxable gain with respect to the issuance of Carolina Group stock and
the Carolina Group would be responsible for any tax liability attributable
thereto. In addition, we would likely no longer be able to file a consolidated
U.S. federal income tax return with the Carolina Group. These tax liabilities,
if they arise, would likely have a material adverse effect on us and the
Carolina Group.

Changes
in the tax law or in the interpretation of current tax law may result in
redemption of the Carolina Group stock or cessation of the issuance of shares of
Carolina Group stock.

If there are adverse tax consequences
to us or the Carolina Group resulting from the issuance of Carolina Group stock,
it is possible that we would not issue shares of Carolina Group stock even if we
would otherwise choose to do so. This possibility could affect the value of
Carolina Group stock then outstanding. Furthermore, we are entitled to redeem
Carolina Group stock for either (1) cash in an amount equal to 105% of the
average market price per share of Carolina Group stock or (2) our common stock
having a value equal to 100% of the ratio of the average market price per share
of Carolina Group stock to the average market price per share of our common
stock, if, based upon the opinion of tax counsel, there are adverse federal
income tax law developments related to Carolina Group stock. In each case, the
average market price would be determined over a specified 20 trading day
period.

Our
board of directors may, at any time until the 90th day after the disposition of
80% of the assets attributed to the Carolina Group, redeem shares of our
Carolina Group stock.

Our board of directors may, at any
time until the 90th day after the disposition of 80% of the assets attributed to
the Carolina Group, redeem all outstanding shares of Carolina Group stock for
either (1) cash in an amount equal to 120% of the average market price per share
of Carolina Group stock or (2) our common stock having a value equal to 115% of
the ratio of the average market price per share of Carolina Group stock to the
average market price per share of our common stock. In each case, the average
market price would be determined over a specific 20 trading day period. A
decision to redeem the Carolina Group stock could be made at a time when either
or both of our common stock and Carolina Group stock may be considered to be
overvalued or undervalued. In addition, a redemption would preclude holders of
Carolina Group stock from retaining their investment in a security intended to
reflect separately the economic performance of the Carolina Group. It would also
give holders of shares of converted Carolina Group stock an amount of
consideration that may be less than the amount of consideration a third party
buyer pays or would pay for all or substantially all of the net assets
attributed to the Carolina Group.

If
we choose to redeem our Carolina Group stock for cash, holders of Carolina Group
stock may have taxable gain or taxable income.

We may, under certain circumstances,
redeem Carolina Group stock for cash. If we choose to do so, holders of Carolina
Group stock would generally be subject to tax on the excess, if any, of the
total consideration they receive for their Carolina Group stock over their
adjusted basis in their Carolina Group stock.

Our
board of directors does not owe a separate duty to holders of Carolina Group
stock.

Principles of Delaware law
established in cases involving differing treatment of two classes of capital
stock or two groups of holders of the same class of capital stock provide that a
board of directors owes an equal duty to all shareholders regardless of class or
series, and does not have separate or additional duties to either group of
shareholders. Thus, holders of Carolina Group stock who believe that a
determination by our board of directors has a disparate impact on their class of
stock may not be able to obtain a remedy for such a claim.

Our
board of directors may change the Carolina Group policy statement without
shareholder approval.

In connection with the initial
issuance of Carolina Group stock, our board of directors adopted the Carolina
Group policy statement to govern the relationship between the Loews Group and
the Carolina Group. Our board of directors may modify, suspend or rescind the
policies set forth in the Carolina Group policy statement or make additions
or

 32

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

exceptions
to them, in the sole discretion of our board of directors, without approval of
our shareholders. Our board of directors may also adopt additional policies,
depending upon the circumstances. Any changes to our policies could have a
negative effect on the holders of Carolina Group stock.

Our
directors’ and officers’ disproportionate ownership of our common stock compared
to our Carolina Group stock may give rise to conflicts of interest.

Our directors and officers own shares
of our common stock and have been awarded stock options with respect to shares
of our common stock. As of February 15, 2008 our directors and executive
officers beneficially owned approximately 30.5 million shares of our common
stock and no shares of Carolina Group stock, which represents approximately 5.4%
of our combined voting power. Accordingly, our directors and officers could have
an economic incentive to favor the Loews Group over the Carolina
Group.

Because
it is possible for an acquiror to obtain control of us by purchasing shares of
our common stock without purchasing any shares of our Carolina Group stock,
holders of Carolina Group stock may not share in any takeover
premium.

Because holders of our common stock
have significantly greater voting power than holders of Carolina Group stock, a
potential acquiror could acquire control of us by acquiring shares of our common
stock without purchasing any shares of Carolina Group stock. As a result,
holders of Carolina Group stock might not share in any takeover premium and
Carolina Group stock may have a lower market price than it would have if there
were a greater likelihood that holders of Carolina Group stock would share in
any takeover premium.

Holders
of our Carolina Group stock may receive less consideration upon a sale of the
assets attributed to the Carolina Group than if the Carolina Group were a
separate company.

Assuming the assets attributed to the
Carolina Group represent less than substantially all of our assets as a whole,
our board of directors could, in its sole discretion and without shareholder
approval, approve sales and other dispositions of any amount of our assets
attributed to the Carolina Group because the Delaware General Corporation Law
requires shareholder approval only for a sale or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the entire company. Similarly, the boards of
directors of Lorillard, Inc. or its subsidiaries could decide to sell or
otherwise dispose of the operating and other assets reflected in the financial
statements of the Carolina Group without the approval of holders of Carolina
Group stock.

If 80% or more of the assets
attributed to the Carolina Group are sold, we may take one of the following
actions, and if we receive any net proceeds from the sale and determine not to
retain all of such proceeds as tobacco contingency reserves, we must take one of
the following actions:

 ·

 pay
 a special dividend to holders of Carolina Group stock in an amount equal
 to their pro rata share of the net proceeds (subject to reduction for
 repayment of notional intergroup debt, amounts not distributed from
 Lorillard to us and the creation by us of reserves for tobacco-related
 contingent liabilities and future costs) from the disposition in the form
 of cash and/or securities (other than our common
 stock);

 ·

 redeem
 shares of Carolina Group stock for cash and/or securities (other than our
 common stock) in an amount equal to the pro rata share of the net proceeds
 (subject to reduction for repayment of notional intergroup debt) from the
 disposition of all of the assets attributable to the Carolina
 Group;

 ·

 redeem
 shares of Carolina Group stock for shares of our common stock at a 15%
 premium based on the respective market values of Carolina Group stock and
 our common stock during the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the 5th
 trading day prior to announcement of the sale;
 or

 ·

 take
 some combination of the actions described
above.

Our board of directors has the
discretion to choose from the foregoing options. The value of the consideration
paid to holders of Carolina Group stock in the different scenarios described
above could be significantly different. Our board of

 33

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

directors
would not be required to select the option that would result in the distribution
with the highest value to the holders of Carolina Group stock.

If, on the 91st day following the
sale of 80% or more of the assets attributed to the Carolina Group, we have not
redeemed all of the outstanding shares of Carolina Group stock and Lorillard
subsequently distributes to us any previously undistributed portion of the net
proceeds and/or we subsequently release any amount of net proceeds previously
retained by us as a reserve for tobacco-related contingent liabilities or future
costs, we will distribute the pro rata share of such amounts to holders of
Carolina Group stock. At any time after:

 ·

 Lorillard
 has distributed to us all previously undistributed portions of the net
 proceeds;

 ·

 no
 amounts remain in reserve in respect of tobacco-related contingent
 liabilities and future costs; and

 ·

 the
 only asset remaining in the Carolina Group is cash and/or cash
 equivalents,

then we
may redeem all of the outstanding shares of Carolina Group stock for cash in an
amount equal to the greater of (1) the pro rata share of the remaining assets of
the Carolina Group and (2) $0.001 per share of Carolina Group
stock.

If the Carolina Group were a
separate, independent company and its shares were acquired by another person,
some of the costs of that sale, including corporate level taxes, might not be
payable in connection with that acquisition. As a result, shareholders of a
separate, independent company might receive an amount greater than the net
proceeds that would be received by the holders of Carolina Group stock. In
addition, we cannot assure that the net proceeds per share of Carolina Group
stock received by its holder in connection with any redemption following a sale
of Carolina Group assets will be equal to or greater than the market value per
share of Carolina Group stock prior to or after announcement of a sale of assets
reflected in the Carolina Group. Nor can we assure that, where consideration is
based on the market value of Carolina Group stock, the market value will be
equal to or greater than the net proceeds per share of Carolina Group
stock.

We
may cause a mandatory exchange of our Carolina Group stock.

We may exchange all outstanding
shares of Carolina Group stock for shares of one or more of our qualifying
subsidiaries. Such an exchange would result in the qualifying subsidiary or
subsidiaries becoming a separate public company and the holders of Carolina
Group stock owning shares directly in that subsidiary or those subsidiaries. If
we choose to exchange shares of Carolina Group stock in this manner, the market
value of the common stock received in that exchange could be less than the
market value of Carolina Group stock exchanged.

If
we are liquidated, amounts distributed to holders of our Carolina Group stock
may not reflect the value of the assets attributed to the Carolina
Group.

In the event we are liquidated, we
would determine the liquidation rights of the holders of Carolina Group stock in
accordance with the market capitalization of the outstanding shares of the Loews
Group and the Carolina Group at a specified time prior to the time of
liquidation. However, the relative market capitalization of the outstanding
shares of each group may not correctly reflect the value of the net assets
remaining and attributed to the groups after satisfaction of outstanding
liabilities. Accordingly, the holders of Carolina Group stock could receive less
consideration upon liquidation than they would if the groups were separate
entities.

Risks
Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, CNA Financial Corporation

If
CNA determines that loss reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated
ultimate unpaid liability for claims, CNA may need to increase its loss
reserves.

CNA maintains loss reserves to cover
its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses
for reported and unreported claims and for future policy benefits. Reserves
represent CNA management’s best estimate at a given point in time. Insurance
reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex
estimates derived by CNA, generally utilizing a variety of reserve estimation
techniques, from numerous assumptions and expectations about future events, many
of which are highly uncertain, such as estimates of claims severity, frequency
of

 34

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

claims,
mortality, morbidity, expected interest rates, inflation, claims handling and
case reserving policies and procedures, underwriting and pricing policies,
changes in the legal and regulatory environment and the lag time between the
occurrence of an insured event and the time of its ultimate settlement. Many of
these uncertainties are not precisely quantifiable and require significant
management judgment. As trends in underlying claims develop, particularly in
so-called “long tail” or long duration coverages, CNA is sometimes required to
add to its reserves. This is called unfavorable development and results in a
charge to our earnings in the amount of the added reserves, recorded in the
period the change in estimate is made. These charges can be substantial and can
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and equity. Please
read additional information on CNA’s reserves included in MD&A under Item 7
and Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item
8.

CNA is subject to uncertain effects of
emerging or potential claims and coverage issues that arise as industry
practices and legal, judicial, social, and other environmental conditions
change. These issues have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on
CNA’s business by either extending coverage beyond the original underwriting
intent or by increasing the number or size of claims, resulting in further
increases in CNA’s reserves which can have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and equity. The effects of these and other unforeseen
emerging claim and coverage issues are extremely hard to predict. Examples of
emerging or potential claims and coverage issues include:

 ·

 increases
 in the number and size of claims relating to injuries from medical
 products;

 ·

 the
 effects of accounting and financial reporting scandals and other major
 corporate governance failures, which have resulted in an increase in the
 number and size of claims, including director and officer and errors and
 omissions insurance claims;

 ·

 class
 action litigation relating to claims handling and other
 practices;

 ·

 construction
 defect claims, including claims for a broad range of additional insured
 endorsements on policies;

 ·

 clergy
 abuse claims, including passage of legislation to reopen or extend various
 statutes of limitations; and

 ·

 mass
 tort claims, including bodily injury claims related to silica, welding
 rods, benzene, lead and various other chemical exposure
 claims.

In light of the many uncertainties
associated with establishing the estimates and making the assumptions necessary
to establish reserve levels, CNA reviews and changes its reserve estimates in a
regular and ongoing process as experience develops and further claims are
reported and settled. In addition, CNA periodically undergoes state regulatory
financial examinations, including review and analysis of its reserves. If
estimated reserves are insufficient for any reason, the required increase in
reserves would be recorded as a charge against CNA’s earnings for the period in
which reserves are determined to be insufficient.

Loss
reserves for asbestos and environmental pollution are especially difficult to
estimate and may result in more frequent and larger additions to these
reserves.

CNA’s experience has been that
establishing reserves for casualty coverages relating to A&E claim and claim
adjustment expenses are subject to uncertainties that are greater than those
presented by other claims. Estimating the ultimate cost of both reported and
unreported claims are subject to a higher degree of variability due to a number
of additional factors, including among others:

 ·

 coverage
 issues, including whether certain costs are covered under the policies and
 whether policy limits apply;

 ·

 inconsistent
 court decisions and developing legal
theories;

 ·

 continuing
 aggressive tactics of plaintiffs’
lawyers;

 ·

 the
 risks and lack of predictability inherent in major
 litigation;

 ·

 changes
 in the volume of asbestos and environmental pollution
 claims;

 35

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

 ·

 the
 impact of the exhaustion of primary limits and the resulting increase in
 claims on any umbrella or excess policies CNA has
 issued;

 ·

 the
 number and outcome of direct actions against
 CNA;

 ·

 CNA’s
 ability to recover reinsurance for these claims;
 and

 ·

 changes
 in the legal and legislative environment in which CNA
 operates.

As a result of this higher degree of
variability, CNA has necessarily supplemented traditional actuarial methods and
techniques with additional estimating techniques and methodologies, many of
which involve significant judgment on the part of management. Consequently, CNA
may periodically need to record changes in its claim and claim adjustment
expense reserves in the future in these areas in amounts that could materially
adversely affect our results of operations, equity, business and insurer
financial strength and debt ratings. The sections below provide more details
involving the specific factors affecting CNA’s estimation of reserves for
casualty coverages relating to A&E. Additional information on A&E claims
is included in MD&A under Item 7 and Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included under Item 8.

Environmental pollution
claims.  The estimation of reserves for environmental pollution
claims is complicated by the assertion by many policyholders of claims for
defense costs and indemnification. CNA and others in the insurance industry are
disputing coverage for many such claims. Key coverage issues in these claims
include:

 ·

 whether
 cleanup costs are considered damages under the policies (and accordingly
 whether CNA would be liable for these
costs);

 ·

 the
 trigger of coverage, and the allocation of liability among triggered
 policies;

 ·

 the
 applicability of pollution exclusions and owned property
 exclusions;

 ·

 the
 potential for joint and several liability;
and

 ·

 the
 definition of an occurrence.

To date, courts have been
inconsistent in their rulings on these issues, thus adding to the uncertainty of
the outcome of many of these claims.

Further, the scope of federal and
state statutes and regulations determining liability and insurance coverage for
environmental pollution liabilities have been the subject of extensive
litigation. In many cases, courts have expanded the scope of coverage and
liability for cleanup costs beyond the original intent of CNA’s insurance
policies. In addition, the standards for cleanup in environmental pollution
matters are unclear, the number of sites potentially subject to cleanup under
applicable laws is unknown and the impact of various proposals to reform
existing statutes and regulations is difficult to predict.

Asbestos claims. The
estimation of reserves for asbestos claims is particularly difficult for many of
the same reasons discussed above for environmental pollution claims, as well
as:

 ·

 inconsistency
 of court decisions and jury attitudes, as well as future court
 decisions;

 ·

 specific
 policy provisions;

 ·

 allocation
 of liability among insurers and
insureds;

 ·

 missing
 policies and proof of coverage;

 ·

 the
 proliferation of bankruptcy proceedings and attendant
 uncertainties;

 36

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

 ·

 novel
 theories asserted by policyholders and their legal
 counsel;

 ·

 the
 targeting of a broader range of businesses and entities as
 defendants;

 ·

 uncertainties
 in predicting the number of future claims and which other insureds may be
 targeted in the future;

 ·

 volatility
 in claim numbers and settlement
demands;

 ·

 increases
 in the number of non-impaired claimants and the extent to which they can
 be precluded from making claims;

 ·

 the
 efforts by insureds to obtain coverage that is not subject to aggregate
 limits;

 ·

 the
 long latency period between asbestos exposure and disease manifestation,
 as well as the resulting potential for involvement of multiple policy
 periods for individual claims;

 ·

 medical
 inflation trends;

 ·

 the
 mix of asbestos-related diseases presented;
and

 ·

 the
 ability to recover reinsurance.

In addition, a number of CNA’s insureds
have asserted that their claims against CNA for insurance are not subject to
aggregate limits on coverage. If these insureds are successful in this regard,
CNA’s potential liability for their claims would be unlimited. Some of these
insureds contend that their asbestos claims fall within the so-called
“non-products” liability coverage within their policies, rather than the
products liability coverage, and that this “non-products” liability coverage is
not subject to any aggregate limit. It is difficult to predict the extent to
which these claims will succeed and, as a result, the ultimate size of these
claims.

Catastrophe
losses are unpredictable.

Catastrophe losses are an inevitable
part of CNA’s business. Various events can cause catastrophe losses, including
hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, explosions, severe winter weather,
and fires, and their frequency and severity are inherently unpredictable. In
addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing and new types
of catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, a phenomenon
that has been associated with extreme weather events linked to rising
temperatures, and includes effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases,
sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels, rain, and snow. For example, in
2005, CNA experienced substantial losses from Hurricanes Katrina, Rita and
Wilma. The extent of CNA’s losses from catastrophes is a function of both the
total amount of its insured exposures in the affected areas and the severity of
the events themselves. In addition, as in the case of catastrophe losses
generally, it can take a long time for the ultimate cost to CNA to be finally
determined. As its claim experience develops on a particular catastrophe, CNA
may be required to adjust reserves, or take unfavorable development, to reflect
its revised estimates of the total cost of claims. CNA believes that it could
incur significant catastrophe losses in the future. Please read information on
catastrophe losses included in the MD&A under Item 7 and Note 9 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8.

CNA’s
key assumptions used to determine reserves and deferred acquisition costs for
its long term care product offerings could vary significantly from actual
experience.

CNA’s reserves and deferred acquisition
costs for its long term care product offerings are based on certain key
assumptions including morbidity, which is the frequency and severity of illness,
sickness and diseases contracted, policy persistency, which is the percentage of
policies remaining in force, interest rates, and future health care cost trends.
If actual experience differs from these assumptions, the deferred acquisition
asset may not be fully realized and the reserves may not be adequate, requiring
CNA to add to reserves, or take unfavorable development.

 37

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

High
levels of retained overhead expenses associated with business lines in run-off
negatively impact CNA’s operating results.

During the past several years, CNA
ceased offering certain insurance products relating principally to its life,
group and reinsurance segments. Many of these business lines were sold, others
have been placed in run-off and, as a result, revenue has decreased. CNA’s
results of operations have been materially, adversely affected by the high
levels of retained overhead expenses associated with these run-off operations,
and will continue to be so affected if CNA is not successful in eliminating or
reducing these costs.

CNA’s
premium writings and profitability are affected by the availability and cost of
reinsurance.

CNA purchases reinsurance to help
manage its exposure to risk. Under CNA’s reinsurance arrangements, another
insurer assumes a specified portion of CNA’s claim and claim adjustment expenses
in exchange for a specified portion of policy premiums. Market conditions
determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection CNA purchases,
which affects the level of CNA’s business and profitability, as well as the
level and types of risk CNA retains. If CNA is unable to obtain sufficient
reinsurance at a cost CNA deems acceptable, CNA may be unwilling to bear the
increased risk and would reduce the level of CNA’s underwriting commitments.
Please read information on reinsurance included in MD&A under Item 7 and
Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item
8.

CNA
may not be able to collect amounts owed to it by reinsurers.

CNA has significant amounts
recoverable from reinsurers which are reported as receivables in the balance
sheets and estimated in a manner consistent with claim and claim adjustment
expense reserves or future policy benefits reserves. The ceding of insurance
does not, however, discharge CNA’s primary liability for claims. As a result,
CNA is subject to credit risk relating to its ability to recover amounts due
from reinsurers. Certain of CNA’s reinsurance carriers have experienced
deteriorating financial conditions or have been downgraded by rating agencies.
In addition, reinsurers could dispute amounts which CNA believes are due to it.
If CNA is not able to collect the amounts due to it from reinsurers, its claims
expenses will be higher. Please read information on reinsurance included in the
MD&A under Item 7 and Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included under Item 8.

Rating
agencies may downgrade their ratings for CNA in the future, and thereby
adversely affect CNA’s ability to write insurance at competitive rates or at
all.

Ratings are an important factor in
establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. CNA’s insurance
company subsidiaries, as well as its public debt, are rated by rating agencies,
namely, A.M. Best Company, Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Investors Service and Standard
and Poor’s. Ratings reflect the rating agency’s opinions of an insurance
company’s financial strength, capital adequacy, operating performance, strategic
position and ability to meet its obligations to policyholders and
debtholders.

Due to the intense competitive
environment in which CNA operates, the uncertainty in determining reserves and
the potential for CNA to take material unfavorable development in the future,
and possible changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating
agencies, the rating agencies may take action to further lower CNA’s ratings in
the future. If CNA’s property and casualty insurance financial strength ratings
were downgraded below current levels, its business and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. The severity of the impact on our
business is dependent on the level of downgrade and, for certain products, which
rating agency takes the rating action. Among the adverse effects in the event of
such downgrades would be the inability to obtain a material volume of business
from certain major insurance brokers, the inability to sell a material volume of
our insurance products to certain markets, and the required collateralization of
certain future payment obligations or reserves.

In addition, CNA believes that a
lowering of our debt ratings by certain of the rating agencies could result in
an adverse impact on CNA’s ratings, independent of any change in CNA’s
circumstances. CNA has entered into several settlement agreements and assumed
reinsurance contracts that require collateralization of future payment
obligations and assumed reserves if its ratings or other specific criteria fall
below certain thresholds. The ratings triggers are generally more than one level
below CNA’s current ratings. Please read information on our ratings included in
the MD&A under Item 7.

 38

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

CNA
is subject to capital adequacy requirements and, if it does not meet these
requirements, regulatory agencies may restrict or prohibit CNA from operating
its business.

   Insurance
companies such as CNA are subject to risk-based capital standards set by state
regulators to help identify companies that merit further regulatory attention.
These standards apply specified risk factors to various asset, premium and
reserve components of CNA’s statutory capital and surplus reported in CNA’s
statutory basis of accounting financial statements. Current rules require
companies to maintain statutory capital and surplus at a specified minimum level
determined using the risk-based capital formula. If CNA does not meet these
minimum requirements, state regulators may restrict or prohibit CNA from
operating its business. If CNA is required to record a material charge against
earnings in connection with a change in estimates or circumstances, CNA may
violate these minimum capital adequacy requirements unless it is able to raise
sufficient additional capital. Examples of events leading CNA to record a
material charge against earnings include impairment of its investments or
unexpectedly poor claims experience.

CNA’s
insurance subsidiaries, upon whom CNA depends for dividends in order to fund its
working capital needs, are limited by state regulators in their ability to pay
dividends.

CNA Financial Corporation is a
holding company and is dependent upon dividends, loans and other sources of cash
from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations. Dividend payments,
however, must be approved by the subsidiaries’ domiciliary state departments of
insurance and are generally limited to amounts determined by formula, which
varies by state. The formula for the majority of the states is the greater of
10% of the prior year statutory surplus or the prior year statutory net income,
less the aggregate of all dividends paid during the twelve months prior to the
date of payment. Some states, however, have an additional stipulation that
dividends cannot exceed the prior year’s earned surplus. If CNA is restricted,
by regulatory rule or otherwise, from paying or receiving inter-company
dividends, CNA may not be able to fund its working capital needs and debt
service requirements from available cash. As a result, CNA would need to look to
other sources of capital, which may be more expensive or may not be available at
all.

CNA
received subpoenas, interrogatories and inquiries relating to insurance brokers
and agents, contingent commissions and bidding practices, and certain
finite-risk insurance products.

Along with other companies in the
industry, CNA has received subpoenas, interrogatories and inquiries from and
have produced documents and/or provided information to: (i) California,
Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, New
Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, West
Virginia and the Canadian Council of Insurance Regulators concerning
investigations into practices including contingent compensation arrangements,
fictitious quotes, and tying arrangements; (ii) the SEC, the New York State
Attorney General, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, the Connecticut Attorney General, the Connecticut Department of Insurance,
the Delaware Department of Insurance, the Georgia Office of Insurance and Safety
Fire Commissioner and the California Department of Insurance concerning
reinsurance products and finite insurance products purchased and sold by CNA;
(iii) the Massachusetts Attorney General and the Connecticut Attorney General
concerning investigations into anti-competitive practices; and (iv) the New York
State Attorney General concerning declinations of attorney malpractice
insurance.

The SEC and representatives of the
United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York conducted
interviews with several of CNA’s current and former executives relating to the
restatement of its financial results for 2004, including CNA’s relationship with
and accounting for transactions with an affiliate that were the basis for the
restatement. CNA has also provided the SEC with information relating to our
restatement in 2006 of prior period results. It is possible that CNA’s analyses
of, or accounting treatment for, finite reinsurance contracts or discontinued
operations could be questioned or disputed by regulatory
authorities.

CNA’s
investment portfolio, which is a key component of its overall profitability, may
suffer reduced returns or losses, in the event of changing interest rates or
adverse credit conditions in the capital markets.

Investment returns are an important
part of CNA’s overall profitability. General economic conditions, changes in
financial markets such as fluctuations in interest rates, long term periods of
low interest rates, credit conditions and currency, commodity and stock prices,
including the short and long term effects of losses produced or threatened in
relation to sub-prime residential mortgage backed securities, and many other
factors beyond CNA’s control can adversely affect the returns and the overall
value of its investments and the realization of investment income. In
addition,

 39

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

any
defaults in the payments due to CNA for its investments, especially with respect
to fixed maturity securities, could reduce CNA’s investment income and could
cause CNA to incur investment losses. Further, CNA invests a portion of its
assets in equity securities and limited partnerships, which may be subject to
greater volatility than its fixed income investments. In some cases, these
limited partnerships use leverage and are thereby subject to even greater
volatility. Although limited partnership investments generally provide higher
expected return, they present greater risk and are more illiquid than CNA’s
fixed income investments. As a result of all of these factors, CNA may not
realize an adequate return on its investments, may incur losses on sales of its
investments, and may be required to write down the value of its
investments.

CNA
has incurred and may incur further investment losses and may incur underwriting
losses, relating to the sub-prime crisis and the related credit
crisis.

CNA faces sub-prime valuation and
credit exposure risks within its investment portfolio through its holdings in
corporate asset-backed structured securities and collateralized mortgage
obligations (“CMOs”) which are typically collateralized with residential
mortgages. During the course of 2007, the market value of some of these
securities decreased as a result of the increase in delinquency rates on the
underlying mortgages and a decrease in the value of the homes held as collateral
for the investment. This deterioration of the collateral underlying the
securities caused downgrades by rating agencies, decreased liquidity, and led to
some securities going into default and has led to a material adverse impact on
financial markets generally. The potential for higher delinquency and default
rates may continue to adversely impact CNA’s sub-prime market valuations. In
addition, the process of validating fair values provided by third parties for
securities that are not regularly traded requires significant judgment on CNA’s
part. Accordingly, CNA may conclude that other-than-temporary write downs of
these securities are required or may experience unanticipated losses in other
sectors of its overall investment portfolio.

CNA provides management and
professional liability insurance and surety bonds to businesses engaged in
finance, professional services and real estate. Many of these businesses have
exposure directly or indirectly relating to the sub-prime crisis and the related
credit crisis. As a result, CNA may experience unanticipated underwriting losses
with respect to these lines of business.

CNA
may be adversely affected by the cyclical nature of the property and casualty
business.

The property and casualty market is
cyclical and has experienced periods characterized by relatively high levels of
price competition, less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low
premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition,
more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium
rates.

Risks
Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, Lorillard, Inc.

Lorillard
is a defendant in approximately 3,775 tobacco-related lawsuits, which are
extremely costly to defend, and which could result in substantial judgments
against Lorillard.

Numerous legal actions, proceedings and
claims arising out of the sale, distribution, manufacture, development,
advertising, marketing and claimed health effects of cigarettes are pending
against Lorillard, and it is likely that similar claims will continue to be
filed for the foreseeable future. In addition, several cases have been filed
against Lorillard and other tobacco companies challenging certain provisions of
the MSA and state statutes promulgated to carry out and enforce the
MSA.

Approximately 3,775 tobacco-related
cases are pending against Lorillard in the United States. Punitive damages,
often in amounts ranging into the billions of dollars, are specifically pleaded
in a number of cases in addition to compensatory and other damages. It is
possible that the outcome of these cases, individually or in the aggregate,
could result in bankruptcy. It is also possible that Lorillard may be unable to
post a surety bond in an amount sufficient to stay execution of a judgment in
jurisdictions that require such bond pending an appeal on the merits of the
case. Even if Lorillard is successful in defending some or all of these actions,
these types of cases are very expensive to defend. A material increase in the
number of pending claims could significantly increase defense
costs.

Further, adverse decisions in actions
against tobacco companies other than Lorillard could have an adverse impact on
the industry, including Lorillard. In several cases in recent years, for
example, various courts, including the U.S.

 40

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

Supreme
Court, have considered the ratio of awards of actual damages to those of
punitive damages. In 2006, the Oregon Supreme Court affirmed the verdict in
Williams v. Philip Morris USA,
Inc., in which plaintiff was awarded approximately $525,000 in
compensatory damages and $80 million in punitive damages, a ratio of more than
150:1. In February of 2007, the U.S. Supreme Court vacated that decision on
other grounds and returned 
Williams to the Oregon
Supreme Court for further consideration. During January of 2008, the Oregon
Supreme Court reaffirmed its 2006 ruling that upheld the jury’s damages awards.
Lorillard is not a party to 
Williams. Should appellate
courts establish binding precedents regarding these or other issues, the conduct
of future trials including Lorillard would be affected. Please read information
included in MD&A under Item 7 and Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item 8.

A
judgment has been rendered against Lorillard in the Scott
litigation.

In June of 2004, the court entered a
final judgment in favor of the plaintiffs in 
Scott v. The American Tobacco
Company, et al. (District Court, Orleans Parish, Louisiana, filed May 24,
1996), a class action on behalf of certain cigarette smokers resident in the
State of Louisiana. The jury awarded plaintiffs approximately $591 million to
fund cessation programs for Louisiana smokers. The court’s final judgment also
reflected its award of prejudgment interest. During February of 2007, the
Louisiana Court of Appeal issued a ruling that, among other things, reduced the
amount of the award by approximately $328 million; struck the award of
prejudgment interest, which totaled approximately $440 million as of December
31, 2006; and ruled that the only class members who are eligible to participate
in the smoking cessation program are those who began smoking by September 1,
1988, and whose claims accrued by September 1, 1988. The Louisiana Court of
Appeal has returned the case to the trial court for further proceedings. During
January of 2008, the Louisiana Supreme Court denied plaintiffs’ and defendants’
separate petitions for review. Lorillard’s share of any judgment has not been
determined. It is possible that post-judgment interest could be assessed on any
award to the class that survives appeal. In the fourth quarter of 2007,
Lorillard recorded a pretax provision of approximately $66 million for this
matter. It is possible that the parties will seek further review of this
decision. For additional information on the 
Scott case, please read Note
21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this
report.

The
verdict returned in the federal government’s reimbursement case, while not
final, could impose significant financial burdens on Lorillard and adversely
affect future sales and profits.

During August of 2006, a final
judgment and remedial order was entered in 
United States of America v. Philip
Morris USA, Inc., et al. (U.S. District Court, District of Columbia,
filed September 22, 1999). The court based its final judgment and remedial order
on the government’s only remaining claims, which were based on the defendants’
alleged violations of the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act
(“RICO”). Lorillard is one of the defendants in the case. Although the verdict
did not award monetary damages to the plaintiff, the final judgment and remedial
order granted equitable relief and imposes a number of requirements on the
defendants. Such requirements include, but are not limited to, corrective
statements by defendants related to the health effects of smoking. The remedial
order also would place certain prohibitions on the manner in which defendants
market their cigarette products and would eliminate any use of “lights” or
similar product descriptors. It is likely that the remedial order, including the
prohibitions on the use of the descriptors relating to low tar cigarettes, will
negatively affect Lorillard’s future sales and profits. Defendants, including
Lorillard, have noticed appeals from the final judgment and the remedial order.
Plaintiff also has noticed an appeal from the final judgment. Defendants have
received a stay of the judgment and remedial order from the District of Columbia
Court of Appeal that will remain in effect while the appeal is proceeding. As a
result of the government’s appeal, it is possible that certain of the
government’s claims or damages could be reinstated. While trial was underway,
the District of Columbia Court of Appeals ruled that plaintiff may not seek
disgorgement of profits, but this appeal was interlocutory in nature and could
be reconsidered in the present appeal. Prior to trial, the government had
estimated that it was entitled to approximately $280.0 billion from the
defendants for its disgorgement of profits claim. In addition, the government
sought during trial more than $10.0 billion for the creation of nationwide
smoking cessation, public education and counter-marketing programs. In its 2006
verdict, the trial court declined to award such relief. It is possible that
these claims could be reinstated on appeal. Please read Note 21 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for detailed
information regarding tobacco litigation.

 41

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

Lorillard
is a defendant in a case that has been certified as a nationwide class action
involving “lights” cigarettes and that could result in a substantial
verdict.

Schwab v. Philip Morris USA, Inc.,
et al. (U.S. District Court, Eastern District, New York, filed May 11,
2004), has been certified by a federal judge as a nationwide class action on
behalf of individuals who purchased “lights” cigarettes. Plaintiffs’ claims in

Schwab are based on
defendants’ alleged RICO violations in the manufacture, marketing and sale of
“lights” cigarettes. Plaintiffs have estimated damages to the class to be in the
hundreds of billions of dollars. Any damages awarded to the plaintiffs based on
defendants’ violation of the RICO statute would be trebled. The federal court of
appeals has agreed to review the class certification order, and it has stayed
all activity before the trial court until the appeal is concluded. Please read
Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of
this Report for detailed information regarding tobacco litigation.

The
Florida Supreme Court’s ruling in Engle has resulted in additional litigation
against cigarette manufacturers, including Lorillard.

The case of 
Engle v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.,
et al. (Circuit Court, Dade County, Florida, filed May 5, 1994) was
certified as a class action on behalf of Florida residents, and survivors of
Florida residents, who were injured or died from medical conditions allegedly
caused by addiction to smoking. The case was tried between 1998-2000 in a
multi-phase trial that resulted in verdicts in favor of the class. During 2006,
the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling that, among other things determined
that the case could not proceed further as a class action. During February 2008,
the trial court entered an order on remand from the Florida Supreme Court that
formally decertified the class.

The 2006 ruling by the Florida
Supreme Court in 
Engle
also permits members of the 
Engle class to file
individual claims, including claims for punitive damages. Lorillard refers to
these cases as the 
Engle Progeny Cases. The
Florida Supreme Court held that these individual plaintiffs are entitled to rely
on a number of the jury’s findings in favor of the plaintiffs in the first phase
of the 
Engle trial.
These findings included that smoking cigarettes causes a number of diseases;
that cigarettes are addictive or dependence-producing; and that the defendants,
including Lorillard, were negligent, breached express and implied warranties,
placed cigarettes on the market that were defective and unreasonably dangerous,
and concealed or conspired to conceal the risks of smoking. Lorillard is a
defendant in approximately 1,050 cases filed by members of the 
Engle class. These 1,050
cases are on behalf of approximately 3,000 individual plaintiffs. These cases
are pending in various Florida courts. The period for filing the 
Engle Progeny Cases expired
during January 2008, but Florida law permits plaintiffs 120 days after a suit
has been initiated to effect service. As a result, the final number of 
Engle Progeny Cases is not
yet known. For additional information on the 
Engle Progeny Cases, please
read Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item
8 of this report.

The
U.S. Surgeon General has issued a report regarding the risks of cigarette
smoking to non-smokers that could result in additional litigation against
cigarette manufacturers, additional restrictions placed on the use of
cigarettes, and additional regulations placed on the manufacture or sale of
cigarettes.

In a report entitled “The Health
Consequences of Involuntary Exposure to Tobacco Smoke: A Report of the Surgeon
General, 2006,” the U.S. Surgeon General summarized conclusions from previous
Surgeon General’s reports concerning the health effects of exposure to
second-hand smoke by non-smokers. According to this report, scientific evidence
now supports six major conclusions:

 ·

 Second-hand
 smoke causes premature death and disease in children and in adults who do
 not smoke.

 ·

 Children
 exposed to second-hand smoke are at an increased risk for sudden infant
 death syndrome, acute respiratory infections and ear
 problems.

 ·

 Exposure
 of adults to second-hand smoke has immediate adverse effects on the
 cardiovascular system and causes heart disease and lung
 cancer.

 ·

 The
 scientific evidence indicates that there is no risk-free level of exposure
 to second-hand smoke.

 ·

 Many
 millions of Americans, both children and adults, are exposed to
 second-hand smoke in their homes and
workplaces.

 42

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

 ·

 Eliminating
 smoking in indoor spaces fully protects non-smokers from exposure to
 second-hand smoke. Separating smokers from non-smokers, cleaning the air,
 and ventilating buildings cannot eliminate exposures of non-smokers to
 second-hand smoke.

This report could form the basis of
additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including Lorillard. The
report could be used to support existing litigation against Lorillard or other
cigarette manufacturers. It also is possible that the Surgeon General’s report
could result in additional restrictions placed on cigarette smoking or in
additional regulations placed on the manufacture or sale of cigarettes. It is
possible that such additional restrictions or regulations could result in a
decrease in cigarette sales in the United States, including sales of Lorillard
brands. These developments may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Lorillard
has substantial payment obligations under litigation settlement agreements which
will materially adversely affect its cash flows and operating income in future
periods.

In 1998, Lorillard, Philip Morris
Incorporated, Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation and R.J. Reynolds
Tobacco Company (the “Original Participating Manufacturers”) entered into the
Master Settlement Agreement (the “MSA”) with 46 states and various other
governments and jurisdictions to settle asserted and unasserted health care cost
recovery and other claims.

Under the State Settlement
Agreements, Lorillard paid $945 million in 2007 and is obligated to pay
approximately $1,050 million to $1,100 million in 2008, primarily based on 2007
estimated industry volume. Annual payments under the State Settlement Agreements
are required to be paid in perpetuity and are based, among other things, on
Lorillard’s domestic market share and unit volume of domestic shipments in the
year preceding the year in which payment is due. Please read Note 21 to the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 for additional
information regarding the State Settlement Agreements.

Concerns
that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks could adversely affect
Lorillard.

Some plaintiffs and other sources,
including among others, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, have
claimed that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks than
non-mentholated cigarettes. If such claims were to be substantiated, Lorillard,
as the leading manufacturer of mentholated cigarettes in the United States,
could face increased exposure to tobacco-related litigation. Even if those
claims are not substantiated, increased concerns about the health impact of
mentholated cigarettes could adversely affect Lorillard’s sales, including sales
of Newport. Some critics of mentholated cigarettes have called for a ban on the
use of menthol in cigarettes. Any ban or limitation on the use of menthol in
cigarettes would adversely effect our results of operation and financial
condition.

Lorillard
is subject to important limitations on advertising and marketing cigarettes that
could harm its competitive position.

Television and radio advertisements
of tobacco products have been prohibited since 1971. Under the State Settlement
Agreements, Lorillard generally cannot use billboard advertising, cartoon
characters, sponsorship of concerts, non-tobacco merchandise bearing its brand
names and various other advertising and marketing techniques. In addition, the
MSA prohibits the targeting of youth in advertising, promotion or marketing of
tobacco products. Accordingly, Lorillard has determined not to advertise its
cigarettes in magazines with large readership among people under the age of 18.
Additional restrictions may be imposed or agreed to in the future. These
limitations may make it difficult to maintain the value of an existing brand if
sales or market share decline for any reason. Moreover, these limitations
significantly impair the ability of cigarette manufacturers, including
Lorillard, to launch new premium brands.

Sales
of cigarettes are subject to substantial federal, state and local excise
taxes.

Federal excise taxes were last increased
in 2002 from $0.34 per pack to $0.39 per pack. A provision in a bill passed by
Congress in 2007 to expand the Children’s Health Insurance Program would have
raised the federal excise tax by $0.61 per pack, but that bill was vetoed by
President Bush in December of 2007 and was not enacted into law. It is expected
that an increase in Federal excise taxes will be introduced by Congress again in
2008. State and local excise taxes ranged from $0.07 to $3.66 per pack in 2007.
Various states and localities have raised the excise tax on cigarettes
substantially

 43

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

in recent
years. It is Lorillard’s expectation that several states will propose further
increases in 2008 and in subsequent years. Lorillard believes that increases in
excise and similar taxes have had an adverse impact on sales of cigarettes and
that future increases, the extent of which cannot be predicted, could result in
further volume declines for the cigarette industry, including Lorillard, and an
increased sales shift toward lower priced discount cigarettes rather than
premium brands.

Lorillard
is dependent on the domestic cigarette business, which it expects to continue to
contract.

Lorillard’s domestic cigarette
business is currently its only significant business. The domestic cigarette
market has generally been contracting and Lorillard expects it to continue to
contract. Lorillard does not have foreign cigarette sales that could offset
these effects, as Lorillard sold the international rights to substantially all
of its brands, including Newport, in 1977. As a result of price increases,
restrictions on advertising and promotions, increases in regulation and excise
taxes, health concerns, a decline in the social acceptability of smoking,
increased pressure from anti-tobacco groups and other factors, domestic
cigarette shipments have decreased at a compound annual rate of approximately
2.5% during the period 1998 through 2007, as measured by Management Science
Associates, Inc. (“MSAI”). Domestic U.S. cigarette industry shipments decreased
by 5.0% during 2007, as compared to 2006, and 1.5% for 2006, as compared to
2005, according to information provided by MSAI.

Lorillard
derives most of its revenue from one brand.

Lorillard’s largest selling brand,
Newport, accounted for approximately 93.9% of Lorillard’s sales revenue in 2007.
Lorillard’s principal strategic plan revolves around the marketing and sales
promotion in support of its Newport brand. Lorillard cannot ensure that it will
continue to successfully implement its strategic plan with respect to Newport or
that implementation of its strategic plan will result in the maintenance or
growth of the Newport brand.

The
use of significant amounts of promotion expenses and sales incentives in
response to competitive actions and market price sensitivity may have a material
adverse impact on Lorillard.

Since 1998, the cigarette market has
been very price competitive due to the impact of, among other things, higher
state and local excise taxes and the market share of deep discount brands. In
response to these and other competitor actions and pricing pressures, Lorillard
has engaged in significant use of promotional expenses and sales incentives. The
cost of these measures could have a material adverse impact on Lorillard.
Lorillard regularly reviews the results of its promotional spending activities
and adjusts its promotional spending programs in an effort to maintain its
competitive position. Accordingly, unit sales volume and sales promotion costs
in any period are not necessarily indicative of sales and costs that may be
realized in subsequent periods.

Several
of Lorillard’s competitors have developed alternative cigarette
products.

Certain of the major cigarette makers
are marketing alternative cigarette products. For example, Philip Morris has
developed an alternative cigarette called Accord in which the tobacco is heated
rather than burned. RAI has developed an alternative cigarette called Eclipse in
which the tobacco is primarily heated, with only a small amount of tobacco
burned. Vector Tobacco Inc. is marketing a cigarette offered in several packings
with declining levels of nicotine, called Quest. Philip Morris and RAI have
indicated that these products may deliver fewer smoke components as compared to
conventional cigarettes. Lorillard has not marketed similar alternative
cigarettes. Should such alternative cigarette products gain a significant share
of the domestic cigarette market, Lorillard may be at a competitive
disadvantage.

Lorillard
may not be able to develop, produce or commercialize competitive new products
and technologies required by regulatory changes or changes in consumer
preferences.

Consumer health concerns and changes
in regulations are likely to require Lorillard to introduce new products or make
substantial changes to existing products. For example, 22 states have enacted
legislation requiring cigarette manufacturers to reduce the ignition propensity
of their products. Lorillard believes that there may be increasing pressure from
public health authorities to develop a conventional cigarette or an alternative
cigarette that provides a demonstrable reduced risk of adverse health effects.
Lorillard may not be able to develop a reduced risk product that is acceptable
to consumers. In addition, the costs associated with developing any such new
products and technologies could be substantial.

 44

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

The
availability of counterfeit cigarettes could adversely affect Lorillard’s
sales.

Sales of counterfeit cigarettes in
the United States, including counterfeits of Lorillard’s Newport brand, could
adversely impact sales by the manufacturers of the brands that are counterfeited
and potentially damage the value and reputation of those brands. The
availability of counterfeit Newport cigarettes could have a material adverse
effect on Lorillard’s sales volumes, revenue and profits.

Lorillard
relies on a single manufacturing facility for the production of its
cigarettes.

Lorillard produces all of its
cigarettes at its Greensboro, North Carolina manufacturing facility. If
Lorillard’s manufacturing plant is damaged, destroyed or incapacitated or
Lorillard is otherwise unable to operate its manufacturing facility, Lorillard
may be unable to produce cigarettes and may be unable to meet customer
demand.

Lorillard
relies on a small number of suppliers for certain of its tobacco
leaf.

Lorillard purchases more than 90% of
its domestic leaf tobacco from one supplier, Alliance One International, Inc. In
addition, Lorillard purchases all of its reconstituted tobacco from one
supplier, which is an affiliate of RAI, a major competitor of Lorillard. If
either of these suppliers becomes unwilling or unable to supply Lorillard and
Lorillard is unable to find an alternative supplier on a timely basis,
Lorillard’s operations could be disrupted resulting in lower production levels
and reduced sales.

Risks
Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc.

Diamond
Offshore’s business depends on the level of activity in the oil and gas
industry, which is significantly affected by volatile oil and gas
prices.

Diamond Offshore’s business depends
on the level of activity in offshore oil and gas exploration, development and
production in markets worldwide. Worldwide demand for oil and gas, oil and gas
prices, market expectations of potential changes in these prices and a variety
of political and economic factors significantly affect this level of activity.
However, higher commodity demand and prices do not necessarily translate into
increased drilling activity since Diamond Offshore’s customers’ expectations of
future commodity demand and prices typically drive demand for Diamond Offshore’s
rigs. Oil and gas prices are extremely volatile and are affected by numerous
factors beyond Diamond Offshore’s control, including:

 ·

 worldwide
 demand for oil and gas;

 ·

 the
 ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, commonly
 called OPEC, to set and maintain production levels and
 pricing;

 ·

 the
 level of production in non-OPEC
countries;

 ·

 the
 worldwide political and military environment, including uncertainty or
 instability resulting from an escalation or additional outbreak of armed
 hostilities in the Middle East, other oil-producing regions or other
 geographic areas, further acts of terrorism in the United States or
 elsewhere;

 ·

 the
 worldwide economic environment or economic trends, such as
 recessions;

 ·

 the
 cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and
 gas;

 ·

 the
 discovery rate of new oil and gas
reserves;

 ·

 the
 rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas
 reserves;

 ·

 available
 pipeline and other oil and gas transportation
 capacity;

 45

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

 ·

 the
 ability of oil and gas companies to raise
 capital;

 ·

 weather
 conditions in the United States and
elsewhere;

 ·

 the
 policies of various governments regarding exploration and development of
 their oil and gas reserves;

 ·

 development
 and exploitation of alternative
fuels;

 ·

 domestic
 and foreign tax policy; and

 ·

 advances
 in exploration and development
technology.

Diamond
Offshore’s industry is cyclical.

Diamond Offshore’s industry has
historically been cyclical. There have been periods of high demand, short rig
supply and high dayrates (such as Diamond Offshore is currently experiencing in
virtually all of the markets in which it operates), followed by periods of lower
demand, excess rig supply and low dayrates. Periods of excess rig supply
intensify the competition in the industry and often result in rigs being idle
for long periods of time.

Growing worldwide demand for crude
oil and natural gas has caused current oil and natural gas prices to rise
significantly above historical averages, which has generally resulted in higher
utilization and dayrates earned by Diamond Offshore’s drilling units, generally
since the third quarter of 2004. However, Diamond Offshore can provide no
assurance that the current industry cycle of high demand, short rig supply and
higher dayrates will continue. Diamond Offshore may be required to idle rigs or
to enter into lower rate contracts in response to market conditions in the
future.

Prolonged periods of low utilization
and dayrates could also result in the recognition of impairment charges on
certain of Diamond Offshore’s drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based
upon information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying
value of these rigs may not be recoverable.

Failure
to obtain and retain highly skilled personnel could hurt Diamond Offshore’s
operations.

Diamond Offshore requires highly skilled
personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for Diamond
Offshore’s business. To the extent that demand for drilling services and the
size of the worldwide industry fleet increase (including the impact of newly
constructed rigs), shortages of qualified personnel could arise, creating upward
pressure on wages and difficulty in staffing and servicing its rigs, which could
adversely affect Diamond Offshore’s results of operations. In addition, the
entrance of new participants into the offshore drilling market would cause
further competition for qualified and experienced personnel as these entities
seek to hire personnel with expertise in the offshore drilling
industry.

Diamond Offshore has experienced and
continues to experience upward pressure on salaries and wages and increased
competition for skilled workers as a result of the strengthening offshore
drilling market. Diamond Offshore has also sustained the loss of experienced
personnel to its competitors and its customers. In response to these market
conditions Diamond Offshore has implemented retention programs, including
increases in compensation. The heightened competition for skilled personnel
could adversely impact Diamond Offshore’s financial position, results of
operations and cash flows by limiting operations or further increasing
costs.

The
terms of some of Diamond Offshore’s dayrate drilling contracts may limit its
ability to benefit from increasing dayrates in an improving market.

The duration of offshore drilling
contracts is generally determined by customer requirements and, to a lesser
extent, the respective management strategies of the offshore drilling
contractors. In periods of rising demand for offshore rigs, contractors
typically prefer shorter contracts that allow them to more quickly profit from
increasing dayrates. In contrast, during these periods customers with reasonably
definite drilling programs typically prefer longer term contracts to maintain
dayrate prices at a consistent level. Conversely, in periods of decreasing
demand for offshore rigs, contractors generally prefer longer term contracts to
preserve dayrates at existing levels and ensure utilization, while customers
prefer shorter contracts that allow them to more quickly obtain the benefit of
lower dayrates.

 46

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

Typically, as a period of high dayrates
and utilization lengthens, customers who perceive a continuing long term need
for equipment begin to seek increasingly long-term contracts, but often at flat
or slightly lower dayrates in exchange for the term length. To the extent
possible within the scope of Diamond Offshore’s customer’s requirements, Diamond
Offshore seeks to have a foundation of these long-term contracts with a
reasonable balance of shorter-term exposure to the spot market in an attempt to
maintain upside potential while endeavoring to limit the downside impact of a
potential decline in the market. However, Diamond Offshore can provide no
assurance that it will be able to achieve or maintain such a balance from time
to time. Diamond Offshore’s inability to fully benefit from increasing dayrates
in an improving market, due to the long-term nature of some of its contracts,
may adversely affect profitability.

The
majority of Diamond Offshore’s contracts for its drilling units are generally
fixed dayrate contracts, and increases in Diamond Offshore’s operating costs
could adversely affect the profitability of those contracts.

Diamond Offshore’s contracts for its
drilling units provide for the payment of a fixed dayrate per rig operating day,
although some contracts do provide for a limited escalation in dayrate due to
increased operating costs incurred. Many of Diamond Offshore’s operating costs,
such as labor costs, are unpredictable and fluctuate based on events beyond
Diamond Offshore’s control. The gross margin that Diamond Offshore realizes on
these fixed dayrate contracts will fluctuate based on variations in Diamond
Offshore’s operating costs over the terms of the contracts. In addition, for
contracts with dayrate escalation clauses, Diamond Offshore may be unable to
recover increased or unforeseen costs from its customers.

Diamond
Offshore’s drilling contracts may be terminated due to events beyond Diamond
Offshore’s control.

Diamond Offshore’s customers may
terminate some of their drilling contracts if the drilling unit is destroyed or
lost or if drilling operations are suspended for a specified period of time as a
result of a breakdown of major equipment or, in some cases, due to other events
beyond the control of either party. In addition, some of Diamond Offshore’s
drilling contracts permit the customer to terminate the contract after specified
notice periods by tendering contractually specified termination amounts. These
termination payments may not fully compensate Diamond Offshore for the loss of a
contract. In addition, the early termination of a contract may result in a rig
being idle for an extended period of time. During depressed market conditions,
Diamond Offshore’s customers may also seek renegotiation of firm drilling
contracts to reduce their obligations.

Diamond
Offshore can provide no assurance that Diamond Offshore’s current backlog of
contract drilling revenue will be ultimately realized.

As of the date of this report,
Diamond Offshore’s contract drilling backlog was approximately $11 billion for
expected future work extending, in some cases, until 2015, which includes future
earnings under both firm commitments and, in a few instances, anticipated
commitments for which definitive agreements have not yet been executed. Diamond
Offshore can provide no assurance that Diamond Offshore will be able to perform
under these contracts due to events beyond Diamond Offshore’s control or that
Diamond Offshore will be able to ultimately execute a definitive agreement where
one does not currently exist. Diamond Offshore’s inability to perform under our
contractual obligations or to execute definitive agreements may have a material
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations- Diamond Offshore” included in Item 7 of this report.

Rig
conversions, upgrades or new builds may be subject to delays and cost
overruns.

From time to time, Diamond Offshore
may undertake to add new capacity through conversions or upgrades to rigs or
through new construction. Diamond Offshore is currently upgrading one of its
drilling units, the 
Ocean
Monarch, to ultra-deepwater capability at an estimated aggregate cost of
$305 million. Diamond Offshore expects delivery of the upgraded 
Ocean Monarch during the
fourth quarter of 2008. Diamond Offshore also has entered into agreements to
construct two new jack-up drilling units with delivery expected in the second
quarter of 2008 at an aggregate cost of approximately $320 million, including
drillpipe and capitalized interest. These projects and other projects of this
type are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large
construction project resulting from numerous factors, including the
following:

 47

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

 ·

 shortages
 of equipment, materials or skilled
labor;

 ·

 work
 stoppages;

 ·

 unscheduled
 delays in the delivery of ordered materials and
 equipment;

 ·

 unanticipated
 cost increases;

 ·

 weather
 interferences;

 ·

 difficulties
 in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit
 conditions;

 ·

 design
 and engineering problems;

 ·

 customer
 acceptance delays;

 ·

 shipyard
 failures or unavailablity; and

 ·

 failure
 or delay of third party service providers and labor
 disputes.

Failure to complete a rig upgrade or
new construction on time, or failure to complete a rig conversion or new
construction in accordance with its design specifications may, in some
circumstances, result in the delay, renegotiation or cancellation of a drilling
contract, resulting in a loss of revenue to Diamond Offshore. If a drilling
contract is terminated under these circumstances, Diamond Offshore may not be
able to secure replacement contract on as favorable terms.

Diamond
Offshore’s business involves numerous operating hazards and Diamond Offshore is
not fully insured against all of them.

Diamond Offshore’s operations are
subject to the usual hazards inherent in drilling for oil and gas offshore, such
as blowouts, reservoir damage, loss of production, loss of well control,
punchthroughs, craterings and natural disasters such as hurricanes or fires. The
occurrence of these events could result in the suspension of drilling
operations, damage to or destruction of the equipment involved and injury or
death to rig personnel, damage to producing or potentially productive oil and
gas formations and environmental damage. Operations also may be suspended
because of machinery breakdowns, abnormal drilling conditions, failure of
subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services or personnel shortages. In
addition, offshore drilling operators are subject to perils peculiar to marine
operations, including capsizing, grounding, collision and loss or damage from
severe weather. Damage to the environment could also result from our operations,
particularly through oil spillage or extensive uncontrolled fires. Diamond
Offshore may also be subject to damage claims by oil and gas companies or other
parties.

Pollution and environmental risks
generally are not fully insurable, and Diamond Offshore does not typically
retain loss-of-hire insurance policies to cover its rigs. Diamond Offshore’s
insurance policies and contractual rights to indemnity may not adequately cover
its losses, or may have exclusions of coverage for some losses. Diamond Offshore
does not have insurance coverage or rights to indemnity for all risks,
including, among other things, liability risk for certain amounts of excess
coverage
 and
certain physical damage risk. If a significant accident or other event occurs
and is not fully covered by insurance or contractual indemnity, it could
adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
There can be no assurance that Diamond Offshore will continue to carry the
insurance it currently maintains or that those parties with contractual
obligations to indemnify Diamond Offshore will necessarily be financially able
to indemnify it against all these risks. In addition, no assurance can be made
that Diamond Offshore will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future
at rates it considers to be reasonable or that it will be able to obtain
insurance against some risks.

Diamond
Offshore is self-insured for a portion of physical damage to rigs and equipment
caused by named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.

For physical damage due to named
windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, as of the date of this report Diamond
Offshore’s deductible is $75 million per occurrence (or lower for some rigs if
they are declared a constructive total loss)

 48

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

with an
annual aggregate limit of $125 million. Accordingly, Diamond Offshore’s
insurance coverage for all physical damage to its rigs and equipment caused by
named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico for the policy period ending April
30, 2008 is limited to $125 million. If named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of
Mexico cause significant damage to Diamond Offshore’s rigs or equipment, it
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows.

Diamond
Offshore’s international operations involve additional risks not associated with
domestic operations.

Diamond Offshore operates in various
regions throughout the world that may expose it to political and other
uncertainties, including risks of:

 ·

 terrorist
 acts, war and civil disturbances;

 ·

 piracy
 or assaults on property or
personnel;

 ·

 kidnapping
 of personnel;

 ·

 expropriation
 of property or equipment;

 ·

 renegotiation
 or nullification of existing
contracts;

 ·

 changing
 political conditions;

 ·

 foreign
 and domestic monetary policies;

 ·

 the
 inability to repatriate income or
capital;

 ·

 regulatory
 or financial requirements to comply with foreign bureaucratic
 actions;

 ·

 travel
 limitations or operational problems caused by public health threats;
 and

 ·

 changing
 taxation policies.

In addition, international contract
drilling operations are subject to various laws and regulations in countries in
which Diamond Offshore operates, including laws and regulations relating
to:

 ·

 the
 equipping and operation of drilling
units;

 ·

 repatriation
 of foreign earnings;

 ·

 oil
 and gas exploration and
development;

 ·

 taxation
 of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel;
 and

 ·

 use
 and compensation of local employees and suppliers by foreign
 contractors.

Some foreign governments favor or
effectively require the awarding of drilling contracts to local contractors,
require use of a local agent or require foreign contractors to employ citizens
of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may
adversely affect Diamond Offshore’s ability to compete in those regions. It is
difficult to predict what governmental regulations may be enacted in the future
that could adversely affect the international drilling industry. The actions of
foreign governments, including initiatives by OPEC, may adversely affect Diamond
Offshore’s ability to compete.

 49

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

Diamond
Offshore’s drilling contracts offshore Mexico expose it to greater risks than
they normally assume.

As of the date of this report,
Diamond Offshore has three intermediate semisubmersible rigs and two jack-up
rigs drilling offshore Mexico for PEMEX - Exploracion Y Produccion (“PEMEX”),
the national oil company of Mexico. The terms of these contracts expose Diamond
Offshore to greater risks than they normally assume, such as exposure to greater
environmental liability, and can be terminated by PEMEX on short term notice,
contractually or by statute, subject to certain conditions. While Diamond
Offshore believes that the financial terms of these contracts and its operating
safeguards in place mitigate these risks, Diamond Offshore can provide no
assurance that the increased risk exposure will not have a negative impact on
our future operations or financial results.

Fluctuations
in exchange rates and nonconvertibility of currencies could result in
losses.

Due to Diamond Offshore’s
international operations, Diamond Offshore may experience currency exchange
losses where revenues are received and expenses are paid in nonconvertible
currencies or where it does not hedge an exposure to a foreign currency. Diamond
Offshore may also incur losses as a result of an inability to collect revenues
because of a shortage of convertible currency available to the country of
operation, controls over currency exchange or controls over the repatriation of
income or capital. Diamond Offshore can provide no assurance that financial
hedging arrangements will effectively hedge any foreign currency fluctuation
losses that may arise.

Diamond
Offshore may be required to accrue additional tax liability on certain of its
foreign earnings.

Certain of Diamond Offshore’s
international rigs are owned and operated, directly or indirectly, by Diamond
Offshore International Limited, a wholly-owned Cayman Islands subsidiary. Since
forming this subsidiary it has been Diamond Offshore’s intention to indefinitely
reinvest the earnings of this subsidiary to finance foreign operations. During
2007, this subsidiary made a non-recurring distribution to its U.S. parent
company, and Diamond Offshore recognized U.S. federal income tax expense on the
portion of the distribution that consisted of earnings of the subsidiary that
had not previously been subjected to U.S. federal income tax. As of December 31,
2007, the amount of previously untaxed earnings of this subsidiary was zero.
Notwithstanding the non-recurring distribution made in December 2007, it remains
Diamond Offshore’s intention to indefinitely reinvest the future earnings of the
subsidiary to finance foreign activities. Diamond Offshore does not expect to
provide for U.S. taxes on any future earnings generated by the subsidiary,
except to the extent that these earnings are immediately subjected to U.S.
federal income tax. Should a future distribution be made from any unremitted
earnings of Diamond Offshore’s subsidiary, it may be required to record
additional U.S. income taxes that, if material, could have an adverse effect on
Diamond Offshore’s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.

Risks
Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, HighMount Exploration & Production
LLC

HighMount
may not be able to replace reserves and sustain production at current levels.
Replacing reserves is risky and uncertain and requires significant capital
expenditures.

HighMount’s future success depends
largely upon its ability to find, develop or acquire additional reserves that
are economically recoverable. Unless HighMount replaces the reserves
produce
d
through successful development, exploration or acquisition, its proved
reserves will decline over time. HighMount may not be able to successfully find
and produce reserves economically in the future or to acquire proved reserves at
acceptable costs.

By their nature, undeveloped reserves
are less certain. Thus, HighMount must make a substantial amount of capital
expenditures for the acquisition, exploration and development of reserves.
HighMount expects to fund its capital expenditures with cash from its operating
activities. If HighMount’s cash flow from operations is not sufficient to fund
its capital expenditure budget, there can be no assurance that additional debt
or equity financing will be available or available at favorable terms to meet
those requirements.

Estimates
of natural gas and NGL reserves are uncertain and inherently
imprecise.

Estimating the volume of proved
natural gas and NGL reserves is a complex process and is not an exact science
because of numerous uncertainties inherent in the process. The process relies on
interpretations of available geological, geophysical, engineering and production
data. The extent, quality and reliability of this technical data can vary.
The

 50

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

process
also requires certain economic assumptions, some of which are mandated by the
SEC, such as oil and gas prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital
expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. Therefore, these estimates are
inherently imprecise. The accuracy of reserve estimates is a function
of:

 ·

 the
 quality and quantity of available
data;

 ·

 the
 interpretation of that data;

 ·

 the
 accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions;
 and

 ·

 the
 judgment of the persons preparing the
estimate.

Actual future production, commodity
prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and
quantities of recoverable reserves most likely will vary from HighMount’s
estimates. Any significant variance could materially affect the quantities and
present value of HighMount’s reserves. In addition, HighMount may adjust
estimates of proved reserves upward or downward to reflect production history,
results of exploration and development drilling and prevailing commodity
prices.

The timing of both the production and
the expenses from the development and production of natural gas and NGL