. 

The following discussion of risk factors contains “forward-looking statements,” as
discussed in Item 1. These risk factors may be important to understanding any statement in this Form 10-K, other filings or in any other discussions of the Company’s business. The following information should be read in conjunction with
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. 

In addition to the other information set forth in this report, the reader should carefully consider the following factors which could materially affect the
Company’s business, financial condition or future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known or that are currently deemed to be immaterial may also
adversely affect the business, financial condition and/or operating results of the Company in a material way. 

The Company’s revenue and profit
results are sensitive to, and may be adversely affected by, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and spending patterns. 

The Company’s
growth, sales and profitability may be adversely affected by negative local, regional, national or international political or economic trends or developments that reduce the consumers’ ability or willingness to spend, including the effects of
national and international security concerns such as war, terrorism or the threat thereof. Purchases of women’s and men’s apparel, women’s intimate apparel, personal care and beauty products and accessories often decline during
periods when economic or market conditions are unsettled or weak. In such circumstances, the Company may increase the number of promotional sales, which would further adversely affect its profitability. 

4 

Table of Contents

The Company’s net sales, operating income and inventory levels fluctuate on a seasonal basis. 

The Company experiences major seasonal fluctuations in its net sales and operating income, with a significant portion of its operating income typically realized during
the fourth quarter holiday season. Any decrease in sales or margins during this period could have a disproportionate effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

Seasonal fluctuations also affect the Company’s inventory levels, since it usually orders merchandise in advance of peak selling periods and sometimes before new
fashion trends are confirmed by customer purchases. The Company must carry a significant amount of inventory, especially before the holiday season selling period. If the Company is not successful in selling inventory, it may have to sell the
inventory at significantly reduced prices or it may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which in each case may further adversely affect profitability. 

The Company may be unable to compete favorably in its highly competitive segment of the retail industry. 

The sale of intimate and other
apparel, personal care products and accessories is highly competitive. The Company competes for sales with a broad range of other retailers, including individual and chain fashion specialty stores, department stores and discount retailers. In
addition to the traditional store-based retailers, the Company also competes with direct marketers that sell similar lines of merchandise and who target customers through e-commerce and catalogue. Direct marketers also include traditional
store-based retailers like the Company who are competing in the e-commerce and catalogue distribution channels. The Company’s direct response businesses compete with numerous national and regional e-commerce and catalogue merchandisers. Brand
image, marketing, fashion design, price, service, quality, image presentation and fulfillment are all competitive factors in both the store-based and direct response channels. 

Some of the Company’s competitors may have greater financial, marketing and other resources available to them. In many cases, the Company’s competitors sell their products in department stores that are
located in the same shopping malls as the Company’s stores. In addition to competing for sales, the Company competes for favorable site locations and lease terms in shopping malls. 

Increased competition could result in price reductions, increased marketing expenditures and loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and
results of operations. 

The Company may not be able to keep up with fashion trends and may not be able to launch new product lines successfully.

The Company’s success depends in part on management’s ability to effectively anticipate and respond to changing fashion tastes and consumer
demands and to translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product offerings far in advance of the actual time of sale to the customer. Customer tastes and fashion trends change rapidly. If the Company is unable to successfully anticipate,
identify or react to changing styles or trends and misjudges the market for its products or any new product lines, the Company’s sales will be lower potentially resulting in significant amounts of unsold finished goods inventory. In response,
the Company may be forced to increase its marketing promotions or price markdowns, which could have a material adverse effect on its business. The Company’s brand image may also suffer if customers believe merchandise misjudgments indicate that
the Company is no longer able to identify and offer the latest fashions. 

The Company may lose key personnel. 

The Company believes that it has benefited substantially from the leadership and experience of its senior executives, including Leslie H. Wexner (its Chairman of the
Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer). The loss of the services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on the business and prospects of the Company. Competition for key personnel in the retail industry is intense
and the Company’s future success will also depend on its ability to recruit, train and retain other qualified personnel. 

5 

Table of Contents

The Company’s manufacturers may be unable to manufacture and deliver products in a timely manner or meet quality
standards. 

The Company purchases products through contract manufacturers and importers and directly from third-party manufacturers. Similar to most
other specialty retailers, the Company has narrow sales window periods for much of its inventory. Factors outside the Company’s control, such as manufacturing or shipping delays or quality problems, could disrupt merchandise deliveries and
result in lost sales, cancellation charges or excessive markdowns which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company relies significantly on foreign sources of production and maintains operations in foreign countries. 

The
Company purchases apparel merchandise directly in foreign markets and in the domestic market, some of which is manufactured overseas. The Company does not have any material long-term merchandise supply contracts and many of its imports are subject
to a variety of customs regulations and international trade arrangements, including existing or potential duties, tariffs or quotas. The Company competes with other companies for production facilities and import quota capacity. 

The Company also faces a variety of other risks generally associated with doing business in foreign markets and importing merchandise from abroad, such as: 

 •

political instability; 

 •

imposition of new legislation or rules relating to imports that may limit the quantity of goods which may be imported into the United States from countries in a particular region;

 •

imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports; 

 •

currency and exchange risks; 

 •

local business practice and political issues, including issues relating to compliance with domestic or international labor standards which may result in adverse publicity;

 •

potential delays or disruptions in shipping and related pricing impacts; and 

 •

disruption of imports by labor disputes. 

New initiatives may be proposed
that may have an impact on the trading status of certain countries and may include retaliatory duties or other trade sanctions which, if enacted, would limit or reduce the products purchased from suppliers in such countries. 

In addition, significant health hazards or environmental or natural disasters may occur which could have a negative effect on the economies, financial markets and
business activity. The Company’s purchases of merchandise from these manufacturing operations may be affected by this risk. 

The future performance of
the Company will depend upon these and the other factors listed above which are beyond its control. These factors may have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. 

The Company depends on a high volume of mall traffic and the availability of suitable lease space. 

Many of the
Company’s stores are located in shopping malls. Sales at these stores are derived, in part, from the high volume of traffic in those malls. The Company’s stores benefit from the ability of the mall’s “anchor” tenants,
generally large department stores, and other area attractions to generate consumer traffic in the vicinity of its stores and the continuing popularity of malls as shopping destinations. Sales volume and mall traffic may be adversely affected by
economic downturns in a particular area, competition from non-mall retailers and other 

6 

Table of Contents

malls where the Company does not have stores and the closing of anchor department stores. In addition, a decline in the desirability of the shopping
environment in a particular mall, or a decline in the popularity of mall shopping among the Company’s target consumers, would adversely affect its business. 

Part of the Company’s future growth is significantly dependent on its ability to operate stores in desirable locations with capital investment and lease costs that allow the Company to earn a reasonable return. The Company cannot be
sure as to when or whether such desirable locations will become available at reasonable costs. 

The Company may face labor shortages or increased labor
costs which could adversely affect its growth and operating results. 

Labor is a significant component in the cost of operating the Company’s
stores. If the Company faces labor shortages or increased labor costs because of increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover rates, increases in the federal minimum wage or increases in other employee benefits costs, its operating
expenses could increase and its growth could be adversely affected. The Company’s success depends in part upon its ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. 

Increases in costs of mailing, paper and printing may affect the Company’s business. 

Postal rate increases and paper and printing costs will affect the cost of the Company’s order fulfillment and catalogue and promotional mailings. The Company relies on discounts from the basic postal rate
structure, such as discounts for bulk mailings and sorting. Future paper and postal rate increases could adversely impact the Company’s earnings if it was unable to pass such increases directly onto its customers or by implementing more
efficient printing, mailing, delivery and order fulfillment systems. 

The Company’s stock price may be volatile. 

The Company’s stock price may fluctuate substantially as a result of quarter to quarter variations in the actual or anticipated financial results of the Company or
other companies in the retail industry or markets served by the Company. In addition, the stock market has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many retail and other stocks and that have often been
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. 

The Company may be unable to service its debt. 

The Company may be unable to service the debt drawn under its credit facilities and/or any other debt it incurs. Additionally, the agreements related to such debt require
the Company to maintain certain financial ratios which limit the total amount the Company may borrow, and also prohibit certain types of liens on property or assets. 

The Company is implementing certain changes to its IT systems that may disrupt operations. 

The Company is currently
implementing modifications and upgrades to the information technology systems for merchandise, distribution, e-commerce and support systems, including finance. Modifications involve replacing legacy systems with successor systems, making changes to
legacy systems or acquiring new systems with new functionality. The Company is aware of inherent risks associated with replacing these systems, including accurately capturing data and system disruptions. The launch of these successor systems will
take place in a phased approach over an approximate five year period that began in 2005. Information technology system disruptions, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
operations. 

7 

Table of Contents

The Company relies significantly on its information technology systems. 

The Company’s success depends, in part, on the secure and uninterrupted performance of its information technology systems. The Company’s computer systems as
well as those of its service providers are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunication failures, malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security measures, some of the Company’s
servers and those of its service providers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Despite the precautions the Company has taken, unanticipated problems may nevertheless cause
failures in the Company’s information technology systems. Sustained or repeated system failures that interrupt the Company’s ability to process orders and deliver products to the stores in a timely manner could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s operations, controls and reporting. 

The Company’s results can be adversely affected by market disruptions.

Market disruptions due to severe weather conditions, natural disasters, health hazards, terrorist activities or the prospect of these events can affect
consumer spending and confidence levels and adversely affect the Company’s results or prospects in affected markets. The receipt of proceeds under any insurance the Company maintains for these purposes may be delayed or the proceeds may be
insufficient to fully offset its losses. 

The Company’s results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the price of oil. 

Prices of oil have fluctuated dramatically in the past. These fluctuations may result in an increase in the Company’s transportation costs for distribution, utility
costs for its retail stores and costs to purchase product from its manufacturers. A continual rise in oil prices could adversely affect consumer spending and demand for the Company’s products and increase its operating costs, both of which
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company’s licensees could take
actions that could harm our business or brands. 

The Company has global representation through independently owned La Senza stores operating under
license agreements. Although we have criteria to evaluate and screen prospective licensees, we are limited in the amount of control we can exercise over our licensees and the quality of licensed operations may be diminished by any number of factors
beyond our control. Licensees may not have the business acumen or financial resources necessary to successfully operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and may not hire and train qualified store managers and other personnel. Our
brand image and reputation may suffer materially and our sales could decline if our licensees do not operate successfully.