. 

The following discussion of risk factors contains “forward-looking statements,” as discussed in Item 1. These risk factors may be important to
understanding any statement in this Form 10-K, other filings or in any other discussions of our business. The following information should be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operation and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

In addition to the other information set forth in this
report, the reader should carefully consider the following factors which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described below are not our only risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known or that are currently deemed to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, operating results and/or financial condition in a material way. 

Our revenue, profit results and cash flow are sensitive to, and may be adversely affected by, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and spending patterns. 

Our growth, sales and profitability may be adversely affected by negative local, regional, national or international political or economic trends or
developments that reduce the consumers’ ability or willingness to spend, including the effects of national and international security concerns such as war, terrorism or the threat thereof.

5 

Table of Contents

In particular, our operating results are generally impacted by changes in the United States and Canadian economies. Negative economic conditions may impact the level of consumer spending and
inhibit customers’ use of credit. Purchases of women’s intimate and other apparel, beauty and personal care products and accessories often decline during periods when economic or market conditions are unsettled or weak. In such
circumstances, we may increase the number of promotional sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

The global economic crisis could also impair the solvency of our suppliers, customers and other counterparties. 

There could be a number of additional effects from the ongoing economic downturn. The inability of key suppliers to access liquidity, or the insolvency of key suppliers, could lead to delivery delays or
failures. We provide merchandise sourcing services to other retailers and licensees and grant credit to these parties in the normal course of business which subjects us to potential credit risk. Additionally, we have guaranteed certain lease
payments of certain of our former subsidiaries. Financial difficulties of our customers or those former subsidiaries for whom we guarantee lease payments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
Finally, other counterparty failures, including banks and counterparties to contractual arrangements, could negatively impact our business. 

The global economic crisis could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources. 

The general economic
and capital market conditions in the United States and other parts of the world have deteriorated significantly. These conditions have affected access to capital and increased the cost of capital. Although we believe that our capital structure and
credit facilities will provide sufficient liquidity, there can be no assurance that our liquidity will not be affected by changes in the financial markets or that our capital resources will at all times be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity needs.
If these conditions continue or become worse, our future cost of debt and equity capital and access to the capital markets could be adversely affected. 

Our net sales depend on a volume of traffic to our stores and the availability of suitable lease space. 

Most of our stores are located in retail shopping areas including malls and other types of retail centers. Sales at these stores are derived, in part, from the high volume of traffic in those retail
areas. Our stores benefit from the ability of the retail center and other attractions in an area, including “destination” retail stores, to generate consumer traffic in the vicinity of our stores. Sales volume and retail traffic may be
adversely affected by economic downturns in a particular area, competition from other retail and non-retail attractions and other retail areas where we do not have stores. Recently, sales volume has been adversely affected by the recessionary
economic conditions. 

Part of our future growth is significantly dependent on our ability to operate stores in desirable locations with
capital investment and lease costs providing the opportunity to earn a reasonable return. We cannot be sure as to when or whether such desirable locations will become available at reasonable costs. 

Our net sales, operating income and inventory levels fluctuate on a seasonal basis. 

We experience major seasonal fluctuations in our net sales and operating income, with a significant portion of our operating income typically realized during
the fourth quarter holiday season. Any decrease in sales or margins during this period could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Seasonal fluctuations also affect our inventory levels, since we usually order merchandise in advance of peak selling periods and sometimes before new fashion trends are confirmed by customer purchases.
We must carry a significant amount of inventory, especially before the holiday season selling period. If we are not successful in selling inventory, we may have to sell the inventory at significantly reduced prices or may not be able to sell the
inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

6 

Table of Contents

Our ability to grow depends
in part on new store openings and existing store remodels and expansions. 

Our continued growth and success will depend in part on our
ability to open and operate new stores and expand and remodel existing stores on a timely and profitable basis. Accomplishing our new and existing store expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors, including the ability to partner with
developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and expanded stores at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel, particularly at the store management level, and the integration of new stores into existing
operations. There can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded stores
profitably. 

Our plans for international expansion include risks that could adversely impact our financial results and reputation. 

We intend to further expand into international markets through franchise/distribution agreements and/or company-owned stores. The risks
associated with our expansion into international markets include difficulties in attracting customers due to a lack of customer familiarity with our brands, our lack of familiarity with local customer preferences and seasonal differences in the
market. Further, entry into this market may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with an established market presence. Other risks include general economic conditions in specific countries or markets,
disruptions or delays in shipments, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, political instability and foreign governmental regulation. 

We also have risks related to identifying suitable partners as franchisees, distributors or in a similar capacity. In addition, certain aspects of these arrangements are not directly within our control, such as the ability of these third
parties to meet their projections regarding store openings and sales. We cannot ensure the profitability or success of our expansion into international markets. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our brand image and reputation as
well as our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our licensees could take actions that could harm our business or
brand images. 

We have global representation through independently owned La Senza stores operated by licensees. Although we have criteria
to evaluate and select prospective licensees, the amount of control we can exercise over our licensees is limited and the quality of licensed operations may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Licensees may not have the
business acumen or financial resources necessary to successfully operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and may not hire and train qualified store managers and other personnel. Our brand image and reputation may suffer materially
and our sales could decline if our licensees do not operate successfully. 

Our direct channel business includes risks that could have an
adverse effect on our results from operations or financial condition. 

Our direct operations are subject to numerous risks that could have
a material adverse effect on our operational results. Risks include, but are not limited to, the (a) diversion of sales from our stores, which may impact comparable store sales figures, (b) difficulty in recreating the in-store experience
through our direct channels, (c) domestic or international resellers purchasing merchandise and re-selling it overseas outside our control, (d) risks related to the failure of the systems that operate the web sites and their related
support systems, including computer viruses, theft of customer information, privacy concerns, telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, and (e) risks related to our direct-to-consumer distribution center. Any
of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our failure to protect our
reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand images. 

Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to our brand
images. Our reputation could be jeopardized if we fail to maintain high standards for merchandise quality and integrity. Any negative publicity about these types of

7 

Table of Contents

concerns may reduce demand for our merchandise. Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor and environmental standards, or related political considerations, could also jeopardize our
reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions, including boycotts. Failure to comply with local laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate and timely financial statement
information could also hurt our reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require
additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 

Our failure to adequately protect our trade names, trademarks and patents could have a
negative impact on our brand images and limit our ability to penetrate new markets. 

We believe that our trade names, trademarks and
patents are an essential element of our strategy. We have obtained or applied for federal registration of these trade names, trademarks and patents and have applied for or obtained registrations in many foreign countries. There can be no assurance
that we will obtain such registrations or that the registrations we obtain will prevent the imitation of our products or infringement of our intellectual property rights by others. If any third-party copies our products in a manner that projects
lesser quality or carries a negative connotation, our brand images could be adversely affected. 

Our results can be adversely affected by
market disruptions. 

Market disruptions due to severe weather conditions, natural disasters, health hazards, terrorist activities,
financial crises, political crises or other major events or the prospect of these events can affect consumer spending and confidence levels and adversely affect our results or prospects in affected markets. The receipt of proceeds under any
insurance we maintain for these purposes may be delayed or the proceeds may be insufficient to fully offset our losses. 

Our stock price
may be volatile. 

Our stock price may fluctuate substantially as a result of quarter to quarter variations in our actual or projected
performance or the financial performance of other companies in the retail industry. In addition, the stock market has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many retail and other stocks and that have often
been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. 

Our failure to maintain our credit rating could
negatively affect our ability to access capital and would increase our interest expense. 

The credit ratings agencies periodically review
our capital structure and the quality and stability of our earnings. Any negative ratings actions could constrain the capital available to our company or our industry and could limit our access to funding for our operations. We are dependent upon
our ability to access capital at rates and on terms we determine to be attractive. If our ability to access capital becomes constrained, our interest costs will likely increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. Additionally, our failure to maintain our credit rating would result in higher interest costs. 

We may be unable
to service our debt. 

We may be unable to service our outstanding debt or any other debt we incur. Additionally, some of our debt
agreements contain covenants which require maintenance of certain financial ratios and also, under certain conditions, restrict our ability to pay dividends, repurchase common shares and make other restricted payments as defined in those agreements.

Our cash flow from operations provides the primary source of funds for our debt service payments. If our cash flow from operations is
adversely impacted, we may be unable to service or refinance our current debt. 

8 

Table of Contents

Our inability to compete
favorably in our highly competitive segment of the retail industry could negatively impact our results. 

The sale of intimate and other
apparel, personal care products and accessories is highly competitive. We compete for sales with a broad range of other retailers, including individual and chain specialty stores, department stores and discount retailers. In addition to the
traditional store-based retailers, we also compete with direct marketers or retailers that sell similar lines of merchandise and who target customers through direct response channels. Brand image, marketing, design, price, service, quality, image
presentation and fulfillment are all competitive factors in both the store-based and direct response channels. 

Some of our competitors may
have greater financial, marketing and other resources available. In many cases, our competitors sell their products in department stores that are located in the same shopping malls as our stores. In addition to competing for sales, we compete for
favorable site locations and lease terms in shopping malls. 

Increased competition could result in price reductions, increased marketing
expenditures and loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The recent recessionary conditions have resulted in more significant competition and our competitors have
lowered prices and engaged in more promotional activity. 

Our inability to remain current with fashion trends and launch new product lines
successfully could negatively impact the image and relevance of our brands. 

Our success depends in part on management’s ability to
effectively anticipate and respond to changing fashion preferences and consumer demands and to translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product offerings far in advance of the actual time of sale to the customer. Customer demands and
fashion trends change rapidly. If we are unable to successfully anticipate, identify or react to changing styles or trends or we misjudge the market for our products or any new product lines, our sales will be lower, potentially resulting in
significant amounts of unsold finished goods inventory. In response, we may be forced to increase our marketing promotions or price markdowns, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our brand
image may also suffer if customers believe merchandise misjudgments indicate we are no longer able to identify and offer the latest fashions. 

We may be unable to retain key personnel. 

It is our belief we have benefited substantially from the leadership and experience
of our senior executives, including Leslie H. Wexner (Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer). The loss of the services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.
Competition for key personnel in the retail industry is intense and our future success will also depend on our ability to recruit, train and retain other qualified key personnel. 

We may be unable to attract, develop and retain qualified employees and manage labor costs. 

We believe our competitive advantage is providing a positive, engaging and satisfying experience for each individual customer, which requires us to have highly trained and engaged employees. Our success depends in part upon our ability to
attract, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including store personnel and talented merchants. The turnover rate in the retail industry is generally high and qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed
to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas. Competition for such qualified individuals or changes in labor and healthcare laws could require us to incur higher labor costs. Our inability to recruit a sufficient number of qualified
individuals in the future may delay planned openings of new stores or affect the speed with which we expand. Delayed store openings, significant increases in employee turnover rates or significant increases in labor costs could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

9 

Table of Contents

We rely significantly on foreign sources of production and maintenance of operations in foreign
countries. 

We purchase merchandise directly in foreign markets and in the domestic market. We do not have any material long-term
merchandise supply contracts. Many of our imports are subject to a variety of customs regulations and international trade arrangements, including existing or potential duties, tariffs or safeguard quotas. We compete with other companies for
production facilities. 

We also face a variety of other risks generally associated with doing business in foreign markets and importing
merchandise from abroad, such as: 

•

 political instability; 

•

 imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports; 

•

 legal and regulatory matters; 

•

 currency and exchange risks; 

•

 local business practice and political issues (including issues relating to compliance with domestic or international labor standards) which may result
in adverse publicity or threatened or actual adverse consumer actions, including boycotts; 

•

 potential delays or disruptions in shipping and related pricing impacts; 

•

 disruption of imports by labor disputes; and 

•

 changing expectations regarding product safety due to new legislation. 

New initiatives may be proposed impacting the trading status of certain countries and may include retaliatory duties or other trade sanctions which, if enacted, would limit or reduce the products
purchased from suppliers in such countries. 

In addition, significant health hazards, environmental hazards or natural disasters may occur
which could have a negative effect on the economies, financial markets and business activity. Our purchase of merchandise from these manufacturing operations may be affected by this risk. 

Our future performance will depend upon these and the other factors listed above which are beyond our control and could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our manufacturers may not be able to manufacture and deliver products in a timely
manner and meet quality standards. 

We purchase products through contract manufacturers and importers and directly from third-party
manufacturers. Similar to most other specialty retailers, we have narrow sales window periods for much of our inventory. Factors outside our control, such as manufacturing or shipping delays or quality problems, could disrupt merchandise deliveries
and result in lost sales, cancellation charges or excessive markdowns which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in energy costs. 

Energy costs have
fluctuated dramatically in the past. These fluctuations may result in an increase in our transportation costs for distribution, utility costs for our retail stores and costs to purchase product from our manufacturers. A continual rise in energy
costs could adversely affect consumer spending and demand for our products and increase our operating costs, both of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

10 

Table of Contents

We may be adversely impacted
by increases in costs of mailing, paper and printing. 

Postal rate increases and paper and printing costs will affect the cost of our order
fulfillment and catalogue and promotional mailings. We rely on discounts from the basic postal rate structure, such as discounts for bulk mailings and sorting. Future paper and postal rate increases could adversely impact our earnings if we are
unable to pass such increases directly onto our customers or if we are unable to implement more efficient printing, mailing, delivery and order fulfillment systems. 

We self-insure certain risks and may be adversely impacted by unfavorable claims experience. 

We are self-insured for various types of insurable risks including associate medical benefits, workers’ compensation, property, general liability and automobile up to certain stop-loss limits. Claims are difficult to predict and may be
volatile. Any adverse claims experience could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
significantly rely on our ability to implement and sustain information technology systems. 

Our success depends, in part, on the secure and
uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems. Our computer systems, as well as those of our service providers, are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunication failures, malicious human acts and
natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security measures, some of our servers and those of our service providers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Additionally,
these types of problems could result in a breach of confidential customer information which could result in damage to our reputation and/or litigation. Despite the precautions we have taken, unanticipated problems may nevertheless cause failures in
our information technology systems. Sustained or repeated system failures that interrupt our ability to process orders and deliver products to the stores in a timely manner or expose confidential customer information could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, we will make modifications and upgrades to the information
technology systems for point-of-sale, e-commerce, merchandising, planning, sourcing, logistics, inventory management and support systems including human resources and finance. Modifications involve replacing legacy systems with successor systems,
making changes to legacy systems or acquiring new systems with new functionality. We are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing these systems, including accurately capturing data and system disruptions. Information technology system
disruptions, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We may fail to comply
with regulatory requirements. 

As a public company, we are subject to numerous regulatory requirements. Our policies, procedures and
internal controls are designed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including those imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”). Failure to comply with such laws and
regulations could have an adverse effect on our reputation, market price of our common stock, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may be adversely impacted by changes in taxation requirements. 

We are subject to income tax in local, national and
international jurisdictions. In addition, our products are subject to import and excise duties and/or sales or value-added taxes in many jurisdictions. Fluctuations in tax rates and duties and changes in tax legislation or regulation could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

11 

Table of Contents

We may be adversely impacted by certain compliance or legal matters. 

We are subject to complex compliance and litigation risks. Difficulty can exist in complying with sometimes conflicting regulations in local, national or
international jurisdictions as well as new or changing regulations that affect how we operate. In addition, we may be impacted by litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders that could have a material
adverse effect on our reputation, market price of our common stock, results of operations and financial condition.