In your evaluation of our company and business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together
with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties
facing us. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed and the price of our stock could decline. Our business is also subject to general risks and
uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as overall U.S. and non-U.S. economic and industry conditions, including a global economic slowdown, geopolitical events, changes in laws or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest and exchange
rates, terrorism, international conflicts, major health concerns, climate change, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected economic and business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently
believe are immaterial also may impair our business operations and liquidity. 

SAIC, Inc. Annual Report  7 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We depend heavily on U.S. Government contracts, and a decline in the U.S. defense budget or a delay in the completion of the U.S. Government’s budget process could result in adverse
consequences to our business. 

We depend on U.S. Government agencies as our primary
customer and if our reputation or relationships with these agencies were harmed, our future revenues and growth prospects would be adversely affected.

In fiscal 2010, 2009 and 2008, we generated 89%, 88% and 87%, respectively, of our total revenues from contracts with the U.S. Government (including all branches of the U.S. military), either as a prime contractor or a subcontractor. We
generated more than 10% of our total revenues during the last three fiscal years from each of the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy. We expect to continue to derive most of our revenues from work performed under U.S. Government contracts. Our reputation and
relationship with the U.S. Government, and in particular with the agencies of the DoD and the U.S. intelligence community, are key factors in maintaining and growing these revenues. Negative press reports regarding conflicts of interest, poor
contract performance, employee misconduct, information security breaches or other aspects of our business, regardless of accuracy, could harm our reputation, particularly with these agencies. If our reputation is negatively affected, or if we are
suspended or debarred (or proposed for suspension or debarment) from contracting with government agencies for any reason, the amount of business with the U.S. Government would decrease and our future revenues and growth prospects would be adversely
affected. 

A decline in the U.S. defense budget or changes in budgetary priorities or
timing of contract awards may adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects.

Revenues under contracts with the DoD, including
subcontracts under which the DoD is the ultimate purchaser, represented 74% of our total revenues in fiscal 2010. Our operating results could be adversely affected by changes in the budgetary priorities of the U.S. Government or the DoD, delays in
program starts or the award of contracts by the U.S. Government, changes in regulations toward contractors such as regulations related to organizational conflicts of interest (OCI) or award protests. Current spending levels for defense-related
programs by the U.S. Government may not be sustainable and future levels of spending and authorizations for these programs may decrease, remain constant or shift to programs in areas where we do not provide services. Such changes in spending
authorizations and budgetary priorities could occur due to changes in U.S. Government leadership, the number of and intensity of military conflicts, the rapid growth of the federal budget deficit, increasing political pressure to reduce overall
levels of government spending, shifts in spending priorities from defense-related programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds, including the impact of efforts to stimulate the U.S. economy, or other factors. In addition, the U.S.
Government conducts periodic reviews of U.S. defense strategies and priorities, which may shift DoD budgetary priorities, reduce overall U.S. Government spending or delay contract awards for defense-related programs, including programs from which we
expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues. A significant decline in overall U.S. Government spending, including in the areas of national security, intelligence and homeland security, a significant shift in its spending
priorities, the substantial reduction or elimination of particular defense-related programs or significant delays in contract awards for large programs could adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects. 

A delay in the completion of the U.S. Government’s budget process could delay procurement of the
services and solutions we provide and have an adverse effect on our future revenues.

In years when the U.S. Government does not complete its budget
process before the end of its fiscal year on September 30, government operations are typically funded pursuant to a “continuing resolution” that authorizes agencies of the U.S. Government to continue to operate, but does not authorize
new spending initiatives. When the U.S. Government operates under a continuing resolution, delays can occur in the procurement of the services and solutions that we provide. We have from time to time experienced a decline in revenues in our fourth
quarter ending January 31 and beyond as a result of this annual budget cycle and we could experience similar declines in revenues if the budget process is delayed significantly in future years. When supplemental budgets are required to operate
the U.S. Government and passage of legislation needed to approve any supplemental budget is delayed, the overall funding environment for our business could be adversely affected. 

Our failure to comply with a variety of complex procurement rules and regulations could result in our being liable for penalties, including termination of our U.S. Government contracts,
disqualification from bidding on future U.S. Government contracts and suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting. 

We must comply
with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts, which affect how we do business with our customers and may impose added costs on our business. Some significant regulations that affect
us include: 

•

 the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and supplements, which regulate the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts;

•

 the Truth in Negotiations Act, which requires certification and disclosure of cost and pricing data in connection with certain contract negotiations;

•

 the Civil False Claims Act, which provides for substantial civil penalties for violations, including for submission of a false or fraudulent claim to the U.S.
Government for payment or approval; and 

•

 the U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards, which impose accounting requirements that govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S.
Government contracts. 

8  SAIC, Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

The FAR and many of our U.S. Government contracts contain OCI clauses that may limit our ability to compete for or perform certain other
contracts. OCIs arise when we engage in activities that may make us unable to render impartial assistance or advice to the U.S. Government, impair our objectivity in performing contract work, or provide us with an unfair competitive advantage. A
conflict of interest issue that precludes our competition for or performance on a significant program or contract could harm our prospects and negative publicity about a conflict of interest issue could damage our reputation. 

The U.S. Government may revise its procurement practices or adopt new contract rules and regulations, such as U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards, at any time.
In addition, the U.S. Government may face restrictions or pressure regarding the type and amount of services it may obtain from private contractors. Congressional legislation and initiatives dealing with mitigation of potential conflicts of
interest, procurement reform and shifts in the buying practices of U.S. Government agencies resulting from those proposals, such as increased usage of fixed price contracts which transfer some risks from the U.S. Government to the performing
contractors, could have adverse effects on government contractors, including us. Any of these changes could impair our ability to obtain new contracts or renew contracts under which we currently perform when those contracts are put up for
recompetition. Any new contracting methods could be costly or administratively difficult for us to implement and could adversely affect our future revenues. 

Our business is subject to reviews, audits and cost adjustments by the U.S. Government, which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth prospects.

U.S. Government agencies, including the DCAA and others, routinely audit and review a contractor’s performance on government contracts,
indirect rates and pricing practices, and compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards. They also review the adequacy of the contractor’s compliance with government standards for its accounting and
management internal control systems, including: control environment and overall accounting system, general information technology system, budget and planning system, purchasing system, material management and accounting system, compensation system,
labor system, indirect and other direct costs system, billing system and estimating system used for pricing on government contracts. Significant audits currently underway include our control environment and overall accounting, billing and indirect
and other direct cost systems, as well as reviews of our compliance with certain Cost Accounting Standards. 

Both contractors and the U.S. Government
agencies conducting these audits and reviews have come under increased scrutiny. For example, it was determined that the audit procedures the DCAA used in reviewing some of our systems were not in compliance with the requirements of Generally
Accepted Government Auditing Standards. As a result, in April and July 2009, the DCAA rescinded its most recent audit reports on our accounting, billing, and indirect cost systems issued in 2005 and 2006 and is currently auditing these systems
again. The current audits and reviews have become more rigorous and the standards to which we are held are being more strictly interpreted, increasing the likelihood of an audit or review resulting in an adverse outcome. During the course of its
current audits, the DCAA is closely examining and questioning several of our long established and disclosed practices that it had previously audited and accepted, increasing the uncertainty as to the ultimate conclusion that will be reached.
Government audits and reviews may conclude that our practices are not consistent with applicable laws and regulations and result in adjustments to contract costs and mandatory customer refunds. Such adjustments can be applied retroactively, which
could result in significant customer refunds. In addition, we changed our indirect rate structure used in our indirect cost system and our direct labor bid structure used for our estimating system for fiscal 2011 and future years. These changes are
currently being reviewed by the DCAA. 

Our failure to obtain an “adequate” determination of our various accounting and management internal
control systems, including our recent changes to indirect cost and direct labor estimating systems, from the responsible U.S. Government agency could significantly and adversely affect our business, including our ability to bid on new contracts and
our competitive position in the bidding process. Failure to comply with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards could also result in the U.S. Government imposing penalties and sanctions against us, including suspension
of payments and increased government scrutiny that could delay or adversely affect our ability to invoice and receive timely payment on contracts, perform contracts or compete for contracts with the U.S. Government. 

Our indirect cost audits by the DCAA have not been completed for fiscal 2005 and subsequent fiscal years. Although we have recorded contract revenues subsequent to
fiscal 2004 based upon costs that we believe will be approved upon final audit or review, we do not know the outcome of any ongoing or future audits or reviews and adjustments and, if future adjustments exceed our estimates, our profitability would
be adversely affected. 

Our business with the U.S. Government is subject to review and investigation which could adversely affect
our profitability, cash position or growth prospects. 

We are routinely subject to investigations relating to our contracts and operations by the
DoD and other U.S. Government agencies. If a review or investigation identifies improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including the termination of contracts, forfeiture of
profits, the triggering of price reduction clauses,

SAIC, Inc. Annual Report  9 

Table of Contents

PART I 

suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with U.S. Government agencies. We could also suffer harm to our reputation if allegations of impropriety are made
against us, which would impair our ability to win new contract awards or receive contract renewals. Penalties and sanctions are not uncommon in our industry. If we incur a material penalty or administrative sanction or otherwise suffer harm to our
reputation, our profitability, cash position and future prospects could be adversely affected. More generally, increases in congressional scrutiny and investigations into business practices and into major programs supported by contractors may lead
to increased legal costs and may harm our reputation and profitability if we are among the targeted companies. 

We derive
significant revenue from contracts awarded through a competitive bidding process. Due to this competitive process and an increase in bid protests, we may be unable to sustain our revenue growth and profitability. 

We expect that a majority of the business that we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through competitive bidding. The U.S. Government has increasingly
relied on certain types of contracts that are subject to a competitive bidding process, including IDIQ, GSA Schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. The competitive bidding
process involves substantial costs and a number of risks, including the significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us and our failure to accurately estimate the resources and costs
that will be required to fulfill any contract we win. Following the contract award, we may encounter significant expense, delay, contract modifications or even contract loss as a result of our competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded
to us in competitive bidding. In addition, multi-award contracts require that we make sustained post-award efforts to obtain task orders under the contract. As a result, we may not be able to obtain these task orders or recognize revenues under
these multi-award contracts. Our failure to compete effectively in this procurement environment would adversely affect our revenues and/or profitability. 

The U.S. Government may modify, curtail or terminate our contracts at any time prior to their completion and, if we do not replace them, we may be unable to sustain our revenue growth and may suffer a decline in
revenues. 

Many of the U.S. Government programs in which we participate as a contractor or subcontractor may extend for several years. These
programs are normally funded on an annual basis. Under our contracts, the U.S. Government generally has the right not to exercise options to extend or expand our contracts and may modify, curtail or terminate the contracts at its convenience. Any
decision by the U.S. Government not to exercise contract options or to modify, curtail or terminate our major programs or contracts would adversely affect our revenues and revenue growth. For example, in fiscal 2010, the DoD announced its intent to
restructure one of our largest programs, Future Combat Systems, which has been renamed Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization. As a result of this restructuring, certain efforts associated with this program were terminated for convenience in July
2009 and January 2010. While we are continuing to perform in accordance with a revised scope of work, the future volume and profitability of this program is dependent on the outcome of the change order negotiations. 

We have experienced and continue to experience periodic performance issues under certain of our contracts. If the U.S. Government terminates a contract for default,
we may be exposed to liability, including for excess costs incurred by the customer in procuring undelivered services and products from another source. Depending on the nature and value of the contract, a performance issue or termination for default
could cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated and could harm our reputation. 

We may not realize as revenues the
full amounts reflected in our backlog, which could adversely affect our expected future revenues and growth prospects. 

As of January 31,
2010, our total backlog was $15.6 billion, which included $5.3 billion in funded backlog. Due to the U.S. Government’s ability to not exercise contract options or to modify, curtail or terminate our major programs or contracts and the
rights of our non-U.S. Government customers to cancel contracts and purchase orders in certain circumstances, we may never realize revenues from some of the contracts that are included in our backlog. Our unfunded backlog, in particular, contains
management’s estimate of amounts expected to be realized on unfunded contract work that may never be realized as revenues. If we fail to realize as revenues amounts included in our backlog, our expected future revenue and growth prospects could
be adversely affected. 

Our earnings and profitability may vary based on the mix of our contracts and may be adversely affected by
our failure to accurately estimate and manage costs, time and resources. 

We generate revenues under various types of contracts, which include
cost reimbursement, T&M, FP-LOE and FFP contracts. Our earnings and profitability may vary materially depending on changes in the proportionate amount of revenues derived from each type of contract, the nature of services or products provided,
as well as the achievement of performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined. Cost reimbursement and T&M contracts generally
have lower profitability than FFP contracts. Our operating results in any period may be affected, positively or negatively, by variable purchasing patterns by our customers of our more profitable border, port and mobile security products.

10  SAIC, Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Our profitability is adversely affected when we incur contract costs that we cannot bill to our customers. To varying degrees, each of
our contract types involves some risk that we could underestimate our costs and resources necessary to fulfill the contract. While FFP contracts allow us to benefit from cost savings, these contracts also increase our exposure to the risk of cost
overruns. Revenues derived from FFP contracts represented 22% of our total revenues for fiscal 2010. When making proposals on these types of contracts, we rely heavily on our estimates of costs and timing for completing the associated projects, as
well as assumptions regarding technical issues. In each case, our failure to accurately estimate costs or the resources and technology needed to perform our contracts or to effectively manage and control our costs during the performance of our work
could result, and in some instances has resulted, in reduced profits or in losses. More generally, any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of our contracts, including costs and delays caused by
contractual disputes or other factors outside of our control, could make our contracts less profitable or unprofitable. 

We use
estimates in recognizing revenues and if we make changes to estimates used in recognizing revenues, our profitability may be adversely affected. 

Revenues from our contracts are primarily recognized using the percentage-of-completion method based on progress towards completion, with performance measured by the cost-to-cost method, efforts-expended method or units-of-delivery method,
all of which require estimates of total costs at completion. Estimating costs at completion on our long-term contracts, particularly due to the technical nature of the services being performed, is complex and involves significant judgment.
Adjustments to original estimates are often required as work progresses, experience is gained and additional information becomes known, even though the scope of the work required under the contract may not change. Any adjustment as a result of a
change in estimate is recognized as events become known. Changes in the underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates could result in adjustments that may adversely affect future financial results. 

Internal system or service failures could disrupt our business and impair our ability to effectively provide our products and services to our
customers, which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Over the last several years, we have
undertaken significant multi-year projects to implement a new accounting system and establish a shared services organization to deliver certain internal services to the entire company. While the implementation of our new accounting system was
substantially completed by the beginning of fiscal 2011 and several functions already have been moved to our shared services organization, we continue to undertake projects to improve our information technology systems and the delivery of shared
services throughout our company. Any system or service disruptions, including those caused by projects to improve our information technology systems and the delivery of shared services, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have
a material adverse effect on our business including, among other things, an adverse effect on our ability to bill our customers for work performed on our contracts, collect the amounts that have been billed and produce accurate financial statements
in a timely manner. 

We are also subject to systems failures, including network, software or hardware failures, whether caused by us, third-party
service providers, intruders or hackers, computer viruses, natural disasters, power shortages or terrorist attacks. Any such failures could cause loss of data and interruptions or delays in our business, cause us to incur remediation costs, subject
us to claims and damage our reputation. In addition, the failure or disruption of our communications or utilities could cause us to interrupt or suspend our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our property and business
interruption insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur as a result of any system or operational failure or disruption and, as a result, our future results could be adversely affected. 

Customer systems failures, including security breaches, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability.

Many of the systems and networks that we develop, install and maintain for our customers involve managing and protecting personal information
and information relating to national security and other sensitive government functions. While we have programs designed to comply with relevant privacy and security laws and restrictions, if a system or network that we develop, install or maintain
were to fail or experience a security breach or service interruption, we may experience loss of revenue, remediation costs or face claims for damages or contract termination. Any such event could cause serious harm to our reputation and prevent us
from having access to or being eligible for further work on such systems and networks. Our errors and omissions liability insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all of the damages that we may incur and, as a result, our future results
could be adversely affected. 

Some of our contracts with the U.S. Government are classified which may limit investor insight into
portions of our business. 

We derive a portion of our revenues from programs with the U.S. Government that are subject to security restrictions
(classified programs), which preclude the dissemination of information that is classified for national security purposes. We are limited in our ability to provide details about these classified programs, their risks or any disputes or claims
relating to such programs. As a result, you might have less insight into our classified programs than our other businesses and therefore less ability to fully evaluate the risks related to our classified business. 

SAIC, Inc. Annual Report  11 

Table of Contents

PART I 

We face aggressive competition that can impact our ability to obtain contracts and therefore affect our future
revenues and growth prospects. 

Our business is highly competitive in both the Government and Commercial segments. We compete with larger
companies that have greater name recognition, financial resources and larger technical staffs. We also compete with smaller, more specialized companies that are able to concentrate their resources on particular areas. In the Government segment, we
compete with the U.S. Government’s own capabilities and federal non-profit contract research centers. 

The markets in which we operate are
characterized by rapidly changing technology and the needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our success depends on our ability to develop products and services that address these changing needs and to provide people and
technology needed to deliver these products and services. To remain competitive, we must consistently provide superior service, technology and performance on a cost-effective basis to our customers. Our competitors may be able to provide our
customers with different or greater capabilities or technologies or better contract terms than we can provide, including technical qualifications, past contract experience, geographic presence, price and the availability of qualified professional
personnel. In addition, our competitors may consolidate or establish teaming or other relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase their ability to address customers’ needs. Accordingly, we anticipate that larger or new
competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge which may adversely affect our ability to compete. 

Adverse judgments or
settlements in legal disputes could require us to pay potentially large damage awards, which would adversely affect our cash balances and profitability. 

We are subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may
result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the
future. The litigation and other claims described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. 

Our failure to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, would adversely affect our ability to execute our
strategy. 

Our business involves the development of tailored solutions for our clients, a process that relies heavily upon the expertise and
services of our employees. Our continued success depends on our ability to recruit and retain highly trained and skilled engineering, technical and professional personnel. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and competitors aggressively
recruit key employees. In addition, many U.S. Government programs require contractors to have security clearances. Depending on the level of required clearance, security clearances can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain and personnel with
security clearances are in great demand. Due to our growth and increased competition for experienced personnel, particularly in highly specialized areas, it has become more difficult to meet all of our needs for these employees in a timely manner
and this may affect our growth in the current fiscal year and in future years. Although we intend to continue to devote significant resources to recruit, train and retain qualified employees, we may not be able to attract and retain these employees.
Any failure to do so could impair our ability to perform our contractual obligations efficiently and timely meet our customers’ needs and win new business, which could adversely affect our future results. 

In addition to attracting and retaining qualified engineering, technical and professional personnel, we believe that our success will also depend on the continued
employment of a highly qualified and experienced senior management team and its ability to retain existing business and generate new business. Our senior management team is important to our business because personal reputations and individual
business relationships are a critical element of retaining and obtaining customer contracts in our industry, particularly with agencies performing classified operations. Our inability to retain appropriately qualified and experienced senior
executives could cause us to lose customers or new business opportunities. 

Misconduct of our employees, agents and business
partners, including security breaches, could cause us to lose customers or our ability to contract with the U.S. Government. 

Misconduct, fraud
or other improper activities by our employees, agents or business partners could have a significant adverse impact on our business and reputation, particularly because we are a U.S. Government contractor. Such misconduct could include the failure to
comply with U.S. Government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, legislation regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in U.S. Government contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar
activities, environmental laws and any other applicable laws or regulations. Misconduct involving data security lapses resulting in the compromise of personal information or the improper use of our customer’s sensitive or classified information
could result in remediation costs, regulatory sanctions against us and serious harm to our reputation. Other examples of potential misconduct include falsifying time records and violations of the Anti-Kickback Act. Although we have implemented
policies, procedures and controls to prevent and detect these activities, these precautions

12  SAIC, Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

may not prevent all misconduct and as a result, we could face unknown risks or losses. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or misconduct by any of our employees, agents or
business partners could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of security clearance and suspension or debarment from contracting with the U.S. Government, any of which would adversely affect our business and reputation. 

Our services and operations sometimes involve using, handling or disposing of hazardous substances, which could expose us to potentially
significant liabilities. 

Our operations sometimes involve the investigation or remediation of environmental hazards, as well as the use,
handling or disposal of hazardous substances. These activities and our operations generally subject us to extensive foreign, federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations, which, among other things,
require us to incur costs to comply with these regulations and could impose liability on us for handling or disposing of hazardous substances. Furthermore, failure to comply with these environmental protection and health and safety laws and
regulations could result in civil, criminal, administrative or contractual sanctions, including fines, penalties or suspension or debarment from contracting with the U.S. Government. Additionally, our ownership and operation of real property also
subjects us to environmental protection laws, some of which hold current or previous owners or operators of businesses and real property liable for hazardous substance releases, even if they did not know of and were not responsible for the releases.
If we have any violations of, or liabilities pursuant to, these laws or regulations, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and divestitures could result in operating difficulties and other adverse consequences to our business. 

One of our key operating strategies is to selectively pursue strategic acquisitions, investments and joint ventures. As with past growth, we expect that a significant portion of our future growth will continue to
come from these transactions. These transactions require significant investment of time and resources and may disrupt our business and distract our management from other responsibilities. Acquisitions, investments and joint ventures pose many other
risks, including: 

•

 we may not be able to identify, compete effectively for or complete suitable acquisitions and investments at prices we consider attractive;

•

 we may not be able to accurately estimate the financial effect of acquisitions and investments on our business and we may not realize anticipated synergies or
acquisitions may not result in improved operating performance; 

•

 we may encounter performance problems with acquired technologies, capabilities and products, particularly with respect to those that are still in development
when acquired; 

•

 we may have trouble retaining key employees and customers of an acquired business or otherwise integrating such businesses, such as incompatible accounting,
information management, or other control systems, which could result in unforeseen difficulties; 

•

 we may assume material liabilities that were not identified as part of our due diligence or for which we are unable to receive a purchase price adjustment or
reimbursement through indemnification; 

•

 acquired entities or joint ventures may not operate profitably, which could adversely affect our operating income or operating margins and we may be unable to
recover investments in any such acquisitions; 

•

 future acquisitions, investments and joint ventures may require us to spend a significant amount of cash or to issue capital stock, resulting in dilution of
ownership; and 

•

 we may not be able to effectively influence the operations of our joint ventures, which could adversely affect our operations. 

If our acquisitions, investments or joint ventures fail, perform poorly or their value is otherwise impaired for reasons including contractions in credit markets and
global economic conditions, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

In addition, we periodically divest businesses, including
businesses that are no longer a part of our ongoing strategic plan. These divestitures may result in losses on disposal or continued financial involvement in the divested business, including through indemnification, guarantees or other financial
arrangements, for a period of time following the transaction, which would adversely affect our financial results. 

Goodwill and
other intangible assets represent a significant portion of our assets and any impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Since goodwill and other intangible assets represent approximately 29% of our total assets, an impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations. Intangible assets, including goodwill,
are assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors considered a change in

SAIC, Inc. Annual Report  13 

Table of Contents

PART I 

circumstance, indicating that the carrying value of intangible assets may not be recoverable, could include a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate, an adverse
action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, loss of key personnel, or a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or otherwise disposed of. In addition,
goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets are assessed for impairment at least annually as required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Future events or changes in circumstances that result in an impairment of goodwill or other
intangible assets would have a negative impact on our profitability and financial results. 

We depend on our teaming arrangements
and relationships with other contractors and subcontractors. If we are not able to maintain these relationships, or if these parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or the U.S. Government, our revenues, profitability and growth prospects
could be adversely affected. 

We rely on our teaming relationships with other prime contractors and subcontractors in order to submit bids for
large procurements or other opportunities where we believe the combination of services and products provided by us and the other companies will help us to win and perform the contract. Our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely
affected if other contractors eliminate or reduce their contracts or joint venture relationships with us, or if the U.S. Government terminates or reduces these other contractors’ programs, does not award them new contracts or refuses to pay
under a contract. Companies that do not have access to U.S. Government contracts may perform services as our subcontractor and through that exposure secure a future position as a prime U.S. Government contractor. If any of our current subcontractors
were awarded prime contractor status in the future, not only would we have to compete with them for future U.S. Government contracts, but our ability to perform on future contracts might also be impaired. 

We may have disputes with our subcontractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns
about the subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of a subcontractor’s personnel or the subcontractor’s failure to comply with applicable law. The current adverse
economic conditions heighten the risk of financial stress of our subcontractors, which could adversely impact their ability to meet their contractual requirements to us. If any of our subcontractors fail to timely meet their contractual obligations
or have regulatory compliance or other problems, our ability to fulfill our obligations as a prime contractor may be jeopardized. Significant losses could arise in future periods and subcontractor performance deficiencies could result in a customer
terminating a contract for default. A termination for default could expose us to liability and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and task orders, especially if the customer is an agency of the U.S. Government.

Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot collect our receivables. 

We depend on the timely collection of our receivables to generate cash flow, provide working capital and continue our business operations. If the U.S. Government, any
commercial or other customer or any prime contractor for whom we are a subcontractor fails to pay or delays the payment of invoices for any reason, our business and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. The U.S. Government
may delay or fail to pay invoices for a number of reasons, including lack of appropriated funds, lack of an approved budget, or as a result of audit findings by government regulatory agencies. Some prime contractors for whom we are a subcontractor
have significantly fewer financial resources than we do, which may increase the risk that we may not be paid in full or payment may be delayed. Global economic conditions could also result in financial difficulties for our commercial or prime
contractor customers, which could cause those customers to delay payments, request changes in payment terms or fail to make payments. If we experience difficulties collecting receivables, it could adversely affect our financial results. 

We face risks associated with our international business. 

Between 1% and 2% of our total revenues in each of the last three fiscal years was generated by our entities outside of the United States. Our domestic entities also periodically enter into contracts with foreign
customers. These international business operations may be subject to additional and different risks than our U.S. business. Failure to comply with U.S. Government laws and regulations applicable to international business such as the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act or U.S. export control regulations could have an adverse impact on our business with the U.S. Government and could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties. Additionally, these risks relating to international operations
may expose us to potentially significant contract losses. 

In some countries, there is increased chance for economic, legal or political changes that
may adversely affect the performance of our services, sale of our products or repatriation of our profits. International transactions can involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange rate variability, imposition of
tariffs or additional taxes, restrictive trade policies and differing legal systems. Although our international operations have historically generated a small proportion of our revenues, we do not know the impact that these regulatory, geopolitical
and other factors may have on our business in the future and any of these factors could adversely affect our business. 

14  SAIC, Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Our financial results may be adversely affected by our underfunded United Kingdom pension plan. 

Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the expense amount that we record for a pension plan that we sponsor for eligible employees of our United Kingdom
subsidiary that primarily perform services on a specific customer contract, which expires on March 31, 2010. In February 2010, we were notified by the customer that it had entered into a follow-on contract with a successor contractor. We are
currently in negotiations with the customer and the successor contractor to determine the number of employees that will transfer to the successor contractor upon the expiration of our contract. These employee transfers may be accompanied by the
transfer of pension plan assets and obligations attributable to transferred employees to the successor contractor. We expect to recognize charges (pre-tax) of $20 million to $30 million during fiscal 2011 from recognition of losses related to the
underfunded pension obligations associated with certain employees who are expected to transfer to the successor contractor and from severance and additional contractual retirement benefits related to reductions in personnel. The definitive amount of
the charges we will incur depends on the number of employees who transfer to the successor contractor, the amount of assets and obligations to be transferred, the performance of the pension plan assets and the date on which the pension plan assets
and obligations actually transfer. We will have continuing defined benefit pension obligations following expiration of the contract with respect to certain former employees. Our pension plan expense may also be affected by economic factors, such as
the level of return on pension plan assets and changes in interest rates, legislation and other government regulatory actions. 

We
have only a limited ability to protect our intellectual property rights, which are important to our success. Our failure to adequately protect our proprietary information and intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive
position. 

We rely principally on trade secrets to protect much of our intellectual property where we do not believe that patent protection is
appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although our employees are subject to confidentiality obligations, this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information. In
addition, we may be unable to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business
position. In addition, if we are unable to prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary information, our competitive position could be adversely affected. 

In the course of conducting our business, we may inadvertently infringe the intellectual property rights of others, resulting in claims against us or our customers.
Our contracts generally indemnify our customers for third-party claims for intellectual property infringement by the services and products we provide. The expense of defending these claims may adversely affect our financial results. 

Business disruptions caused by natural disasters and other crises could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position.

We have significant operations located in regions of the United States that may be exposed to damaging storms and other natural disasters,
such as hurricanes, tornadoes, blizzards, wildfires or earthquakes. Our business could also be disrupted by pandemics and other national or international crises. Although preventative measures may help mitigate damage, the damage and disruption to
our business resulting from any of these events may be significant. If our insurance and other risk mitigation mechanisms are not sufficient to recover all costs, including loss of revenues from sales to customers, we could experience a material
adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Performance failures by our subcontractors due to these types of events may also adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations on a prime contract, which could reduce our
profitability due to damages or other costs that may not be fully recoverable from the subcontractor or the customer and could result in a termination of the prime contract and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts.

Our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period. 

Our financial results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. For these reasons, comparing our operating results on
a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our financial results may be negatively affected by any of the risk factors listed in this “Risk
Factors” section and other matters described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks Relating to Our Stock

Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could delay or prevent transactions that many stockholders may
favor. 

Some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying, discouraging or preventing a merger or
acquisition that our stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. These restrictions, which may also make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors not
endorsed by our current directors and management, include the following: 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation provides that our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation may be amended by only two-thirds or more
voting power of all of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. These supermajority voting requirements could impede our stockholders’ ability to make changes to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

SAIC, Inc. Annual Report  15 

Table of Contents

PART I 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation contains certain supermajority voting provisions, which generally provide that mergers and certain other business combinations
between us and a related person be approved by the holders of securities having at least 80% of our outstanding voting power, as well as by the holders of a majority of the voting power of such securities that are not owned by the related person.

•

 Our stockholders may not act by written consent or call special meetings. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock are
limited in their ability to take certain actions other than in connection with our annual stockholders’ meeting. 

•

 Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock
makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain restrictions on business combinations. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business
combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years, or among other things, the board of directors has approved the business combination or the transaction pursuant to which such
person became a 15% holder prior to the time the person became a 15% holder. 

Forward-Looking Statement Risks 

You may not be able to rely on forward-looking statements. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management’s belief and assumptions about the future in light of information currently available to our management.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

•

 changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards or the U.S. budget process; 

•

 changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations, and practices; 

•

 our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; 

•

 the outcome of U.S. Government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; 

•

 our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; 

•

 our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; 

•

 our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; 

•

 our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; 

•

 our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; 

•

 resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal compliance issues; 

•

 our ability to successfully acquire businesses and make investments; 

•

 our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; 

•

 our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and 

•

 our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face.

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “will,”
“should,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue” or the negative of these terms
or similar terms. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. There are a number of important factors that
could cause our actual results to differ materially from those results anticipated by our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, changes in
expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of those statements or to conform these statements to actual results. 

16  SAIC, Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I