In your
evaluation of our company and business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks
and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results
could be materially harmed and the price of our stock could decline. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as our ability to collect receivables, overall U.S. and global economic and
industry conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest and exchange rates, terrorism, international conflicts, major health concerns, climate change or other disruptions of expected economic and
business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may materially harm our business, financial condition or operating results and result in a decline in the price of our
stock. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We depend on government agencies as our primary customer and if our reputation or relationships with these agencies were harmed, our future revenues and growth prospects would be adversely
affected. 

We generated over 85% of our total revenues during each of the last three fiscal years from contracts with the U.S. Government
(including all branches of the U.S. military), either as a prime contractor or a subcontractor to other contractors engaged in work for the U.S. Government. We generated more than 10% of our total revenues during each of the last three fiscal years
from each of the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy. We expect to continue to derive most of our revenues from work 

8  SAIC, Inc.
Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

performed under U.S. Government contracts. Our reputation and relationship with the U.S. Government, and in particular with the agencies of the DoD and the U.S. intelligence community, are key
factors in maintaining and growing our revenues. Negative press reports or publicity, which could pertain to employee or subcontractor misconduct, conflicts of interest, poor contract performance, deficiencies in services, reports, products or other
deliverables, information security breaches or other aspects of our business, regardless of accuracy, could harm our reputation, particularly with these agencies. If our reputation is negatively affected, or if we are suspended or debarred from
contracting with government agencies for any reason, the amount of business with government and other customers would decrease and our future revenues and growth prospects would be adversely affected. 

A decline in the U.S. Government defense budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards may significantly
and adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects. 

Revenues under contracts with the DoD, either as a prime contractor or
subcontractor to other contractors, represented approximately 70% of our total revenues in fiscal 2013. Levels of DoD spending are difficult to predict and subject to significant risk. Our operating results could be adversely affected by spending
caps or changes in the budgetary priorities of the U.S. Government or the DoD, as well as delays in program starts or the award of contracts or task orders under contracts. Current U.S. Government spending levels for defense-related programs may not
be sustained and future spending and program authorizations may not increase or may decrease or shift to programs in areas in which we do not provide services or are less likely to be awarded contracts. Such changes in spending authorizations and
budgetary priorities may occur as a result of the rapid growth of the federal budget deficit, increasing political pressure and legislation, including the Budget Control Act of 2011, designed to reduce overall levels of government spending,
including through sequestration, shifts in spending priorities from defense-related programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds, the number and intensity of military conflicts or other factors. 

The Budget Control Act of 2011 enacted 10-year discretionary spending caps which are expected to generate over $1 trillion in savings for the U.S. Government,
a substantial portion of which comes from DoD baseline spending reductions. In addition, the Budget Control Act of 2011 provides for additional automatic spending cuts (referred to as sequestration) totaling $1.2 trillion over nine years
which are being implemented beginning in the current U.S. Government fiscal year ending September 30, 2013 (GFY13). These reduction targets will further reduce DoD and other federal agency budgets. Although the Office of Management and Budget
has recently provided guidance to agencies on implementing sequestration cuts, there remains much uncertainty about how exactly sequestration cuts will be implemented and the impact those cuts will have on contractors supporting the government. In
light of the current uncertainty, we are not able to predict the impact of budget cuts, including sequestration, on our company or our financial results. However, we expect that budgetary constraints and concerns related to the national debt will
continue to place downward pressure on DoD spending levels and that implementation of the automatic spending cuts without change will reduce, delay or cancel funding for certain of our contracts – particularly those with unobligated
balances—and programs and could adversely impact our operations, financial results and growth prospects. 

The U.S. Government also conducts
periodic reviews of U.S. defense strategies and priorities, which may shift DoD budgetary priorities, reduce overall U.S. Government spending or delay contract or task order awards for defense-related programs, including programs from which we
expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues. In addition, changes to the DoD acquisition system and contracting models could affect whether and how we pursue certain opportunities and the terms under which we are able to do so. A
significant decline in overall U.S. Government spending, including in the areas of national security, intelligence and homeland security, a significant shift in its spending priorities, the substantial reduction or elimination of particular
defense-related programs or significant delays in contract or task order awards for large programs could adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects. 

Because we depend on U.S. Government contracts, a delay in the completion of the U.S. Government’s budget process could delay procurement of the products, services and solutions we
provide and have an adverse effect on our future revenues. 

The funding of U.S. Government programs is subject to an annual congressional budget
authorization and appropriation process. In years when the U.S. Government does not complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year on September 30, government operations are typically funded pursuant to a “continuing
resolution,” which allows federal government agencies to operate at spending levels approved in the previous budget cycle, but does not authorize new spending initiatives. When the U.S. Government operates under a continuing resolution, delays
can occur in the procurement of the products, services and solutions that we provide and may result in new initiatives being cancelled. We have from time to time experienced a decline in revenues in our fourth quarter ending January 31 and
beyond as a result of this annual budget cycle, and we could experience similar declines in revenues from future delays in the budget process. Certain agencies of the U.S. Government do not have approved GFY13 spending bills and are operating under
a continuing resolution through September 30, 2013. The continuing resolution contains standard restrictions, including no new program starts and no program increases beyond current service levels which could adversely impact our future revenues and
growth prospects. In years when the U.S. Government fails to complete its budget process or to provide for a continuing resolution, 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  9 

Table of Contents

PART I 

a federal government shutdown may result. A federal government shutdown could in turn result in our incurrence of substantial labor or other costs without reimbursement under customer contracts,
or the delay or cancellation of key programs, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results. In addition, when supplemental appropriations are required to operate the U.S. Government or fund specific
programs and passage of legislation needed to approve any supplemental appropriation bill is delayed, the overall funding environment for our business could be adversely affected. 

Our failure to comply with a variety of complex procurement rules and regulations could result in our being liable for penalties, including termination of our U.S. Government contracts,
disqualification from bidding on future U.S. Government contracts and suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting. 

We must comply
with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts, which affect how we do business with our customers and may impose added costs on our business. Some significant statutes and
regulations that affect us include: 

•

 the FAR and supplements, which regulate the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts; 

•

 the Truth in Negotiations Act, which requires certification and disclosure of cost and pricing data in connection with certain contract negotiations;

•

 the Procurement Integrity Act, which regulates access to competitor bid and proposal information and government source selection information, and our ability to
provide compensation to certain former government officials; 

•

 the Civil False Claims Act, which provides for substantial civil penalties for violations, including for submission of a false or fraudulent claim to the U.S.
Government for payment or approval; and 

•

 the U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards, which impose accounting requirements that govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S.
Government contracts. 

The FAR and many of our U.S. Government contracts contain organizational conflict of interest clauses that may
limit our ability to compete for or perform certain other contracts or other types of services for particular customers. Organizational conflicts of interest arise when we engage in activities that may make us unable to render impartial assistance
or advice to the U.S. Government, impair our objectivity in performing contract work, or provide us with an unfair competitive advantage. A conflict of interest issue that precludes our competition for or performance on a significant program or
contract could harm our prospects. 

The U.S. Government may adopt new contract rules and regulations or revise its procurement
practices in a manner adverse to us at any time. 

Our industry has experienced, and we expect it will continue to experience, significant changes
to business practices as a result of an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, and recovery of costs, among other items. U.S. Government agencies may face restrictions or pressure regarding the type and amount of services that they may
obtain from private contractors. Legislation, regulations and initiatives dealing with procurement reform, mitigation of potential conflicts of interest and environmental responsibility or sustainability, as well as any resulting shifts in the
buying practices of U.S. Government agencies, such as increased usage of fixed price contracts, multiple award contracts and small business set-aside contracts, could have adverse effects on government contractors, including us. Any of these changes
could impair our ability to obtain new contracts or renew our existing contracts when those contracts are recompeted. Any new contracting requirements or procurement methods could be costly or administratively difficult for us to implement and could
adversely affect our future revenues, profitability and prospects. 

Our business is subject to reviews, audits and cost
adjustments by the U.S. Government, which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth prospects. 

U.S. Government agencies, including the DCAA, DCMA and others, routinely audit and review a contractor’s performance on government contracts, indirect rates and pricing practices, and compliance with
applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards. They also review the adequacy of the contractor’s compliance with government standards for its business systems, including: a contractor’s accounting system, earned
value management system, estimating system, materials management and accounting system, property management system and purchasing system. 

Both
contractors and the U.S. Government agencies conducting these audits and reviews have come under increased scrutiny. As a result, the current audits and reviews have become more rigorous and the standards to which we are held are being more strictly
interpreted, increasing the likelihood of an audit or review resulting in an adverse outcome. During the course of its current audits, the DCAA is closely examining and questioning several of our long established and disclosed practices that it had
previously audited and accepted, increasing the uncertainty as to the ultimate conclusion that will be reached. 

10  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

A finding of significant control deficiencies in our system audits or other reviews can result in decremented
billing rates to our U.S. Government customers until the control deficiencies are corrected and our remediations are accepted by DCMA. Government audits and reviews may conclude that our practices are not consistent with applicable laws and
regulations and result in adjustments to contract costs and mandatory customer refunds. Such adjustments can be applied retroactively, which could result in significant customer refunds. Our receipt of adverse audit findings or the failure to obtain
an “approved” determination of our various business systems from the responsible U.S. Government agency could significantly and adversely affect our business, including our ability to bid on new contracts and our competitive position in
the bidding process. A determination of non-compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards could also result in the U.S. Government imposing penalties and sanctions against us, including withholding of
payments, suspension of payments and increased government scrutiny that could delay or adversely affect our ability to invoice and receive timely payment on contracts, perform contracts or compete for contracts with the U.S. Government. 

Our indirect cost audits by the DCAA have not been completed for fiscal 2006 and subsequent fiscal years. Although we have recorded contract revenues subsequent to
fiscal 2005 based upon our estimate of costs that we believe will be approved upon final audit or review, we do not know the outcome of any ongoing or future audits or reviews and adjustments and, if future adjustments exceed our estimates, our
profitability would be adversely affected. 

Our business is subject to governmental review and investigation which could adversely
affect our financial position, operating results and growth prospects. 

We are routinely subject to governmental investigations relating to
compliance with various laws and regulations with respect to our role as a contractor to federal, state and local government customers and in connection with performing services in countries outside the United States. If a review or investigation
identifies improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including the termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, the triggering of price reduction clauses, suspension of
payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with governmental agencies. We may suffer harm to our reputation if allegations of impropriety are made against us, which would impair our ability to win new contract awards or receive
contract renewals. Penalties and sanctions are not uncommon in our industry. If we incur a material penalty or administrative sanction or otherwise suffer harm to our reputation, our revenues, profitability, cash position and future prospects could
be adversely affected. More generally, increases in scrutiny and investigations from government organizations, legislative bodies or agencies into business practices and into major programs supported by contractors may lead to increased legal costs
and may harm our reputation, revenues, profitability and growth prospects. 

Misconduct of employees, subcontractors, agents and
business partners could cause us to lose existing contracts or customers and adversely affect our ability to obtain new contracts and customers and could have a significant adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

Misconduct could include fraud or other improper activities such as falsifying time or other records and violations of laws, including the Anti-Kickback Act. Other
examples could include the failure to comply with our policies and procedures or with federal, state or local government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the use and safeguarding of classified or other protected information,
legislation regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, laws and regulations relating to environmental, health or safety matters, bribery of foreign government officials, import-export control, lobbying or similar
activities, and any other applicable laws or regulations. Any data loss or information security lapses resulting in the compromise of personal information or the improper use or disclosure of sensitive or classified information could result in
claims, remediation costs, regulatory sanctions against us, loss of current and future contracts and serious harm to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies, procedures and controls to prevent and detect these activities, these
precautions may not prevent all misconduct, and as a result, we could face unknown risks or losses. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or misconduct by any of our employees, subcontractors, agents or business partners could
damage our reputation and subject us to fines and penalties, restitution or other damages, loss of security clearance, loss of current and future customer contracts and suspension or debarment from contracting with federal, state or local government
agencies, any of which would adversely affect our business, reputation and our future results. 

Due to the competitive process to
obtain contracts and the likelihood of bid protests, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth and profitability. 

We expect that a
majority of the business that we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through a competitive bidding process. The U.S. Government has increasingly relied on contracts that are subject to a competitive bidding process, including IDIQ, GSA
Schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. For example, during fiscal 2013, we were not awarded the successor contract to the DISN Global Solutions (DGS) program with the
Defense Information Systems Agency. In fiscal 2013, we recognized approximately $425 million in revenue on this program. Revenues from the DSG program are expected to be approximately $40 million over the first half of fiscal 2014 as the activity
transitions to the successor contractor. The competitive bidding process involves substantial costs and a number of risks, including significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us, or
that may be awarded but for which we do not receive meaningful 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  11 

Table of Contents

PART I 

task orders, and to the risk of inaccurately estimating the resources and costs that will be required to fulfill any contract we win. Following contract award, we may encounter significant
expense, delay, contract modifications or even contract loss as a result of our competitors protesting the award of contracts to us in competitive bidding. Any resulting loss or delay of start up and funding of work under protested contract awards
may adversely affect our revenues and/or profitability. In addition, multi-award contracts require that we make sustained post-award efforts to obtain task orders under the contract. As a result, we may not be able to obtain these task orders or
recognize revenues under these multi-award contracts. Our failure to compete effectively in this procurement environment would adversely affect our revenues and/or profitability. 

The U.S. Government may terminate, cancel, modify or curtail our contracts at any time prior to their completion and, if we do not replace them, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue
growth and may suffer a decline in revenues and profitability. 

Many of the U.S. Government programs in which we participate as a contractor or
subcontractor extend for several years and include one or more base years and one or more option years. These programs are normally funded on an annual basis. Under our contracts, the U.S. Government generally has the right not to exercise options
to extend or expand our contracts and may otherwise terminate, cancel, modify or curtail our contracts at its convenience. Any decisions by the U.S. Government not to exercise contract options or to terminate, cancel, modify or curtail our major
programs or contracts would adversely affect our revenues, revenue growth and profitability. 

We have experienced and continue to experience periodic
performance issues under certain of our contracts. Some of our contracts involve the development of complex systems and products to achieve challenging customer goals in a competitive procurement environment. As a result, we sometimes experience
technological or other performance difficulties, which have in the past and may in the future result in delays, cost overruns and failures in our performance of these contracts. If a government customer terminates a contract for default, we may be
exposed to liability, including for excess costs incurred by the customer in procuring undelivered services and products from another source. Depending on the nature and value of the contract, a performance issue or termination for default could
cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated and could harm our reputation. 

We face aggressive competition that can
impact our ability to obtain contracts and therefore affect our future revenues and growth prospects. 

Our business is highly competitive and we
compete with larger companies that have greater name recognition, financial resources and larger technical staffs. We also compete with smaller, more specialized companies that are able to concentrate their resources on particular areas.
Additionally, we compete with the U.S. Government’s own capabilities and federal non-profit contract research centers. 

The markets in which we
operate are characterized by rapidly changing technology and the needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our success depends on our ability to develop services and products that address these changing needs and to provide
people and technology needed to deliver these services and products. To remain competitive, we must consistently provide superior service, technology and performance on a cost-effective basis to our customers. Our competitors may be able to provide
our customers with different or greater capabilities or technologies or better contract terms than we can provide, including technical qualifications, past contract experience, geographic presence, price and the availability of qualified
professional personnel. In addition, our competitors may consolidate or establish teaming or other relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase their ability to address customers’ needs. Accordingly, we anticipate that
larger or new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge which may adversely affect our ability to compete. 

A failure
to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, would adversely affect our ability to execute our strategy and may disrupt our operations. 

Our business involves the development of tailored solutions for our customers, a process that relies heavily upon the expertise and services of our employees. Our continued success depends on our ability to recruit
and retain highly trained and skilled engineering, technical and professional personnel. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and competitors aggressively recruit key employees. In addition, many U.S. Government programs require contractors
to have security clearances. Depending on the level of required clearance, security clearances can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain and personnel with security clearances are in great demand. Particularly in highly specialized areas, it has
become more difficult to retain employees and meet all of our needs for employees in a timely manner, which may affect our growth. Although we intend to continue to devote significant resources to recruit, train and retain qualified employees, we
may not be able to attract, effectively train and retain these employees. Any failure to do so could impair our ability to perform our contractual obligations efficiently and timely meet our customers’ needs and win new business, which could
adversely affect our future results. Additionally, we are concurrently completing the relocation of our corporate functions and the planned separation transaction, which has resulted in higher than typical employee turnover and will result in the
transfer of 

12  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

personnel to the technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services business. While we are hiring and training replacement personnel, there is little redundancy or overlap of
responsibilities in our corporate functions and loss of key personnel in critical functions could lead to lack of business continuity or disruptions in our operations, financial reporting or control processes. 

In addition to attracting and retaining qualified engineering, technical and professional personnel, we believe that our success will also depend on the continued
employment of a highly qualified and experienced senior management team and its ability to retain existing business and generate new business. Our senior management team is important to our business because personal reputations and individual
business relationships are a critical element of retaining and obtaining customer contracts in our industry, particularly with agencies performing classified operations. Our inability to retain appropriately qualified and experienced senior
executives could cause us to lose customers or new business opportunities. 

We may not realize as revenues the full amounts
reflected in our backlog, which could adversely affect our expected future revenues and growth prospects. 

As of January 31, 2013 our total
backlog was $17.9 billion including $5.4 billion in funded backlog. Due to the U.S. Government’s ability to not exercise contract options or to terminate, modify or curtail our programs or contracts and the rights of our non-U.S.
Government customers to cancel contracts and purchase orders in certain circumstances, we may realize less than expected or in some cases never realize revenues from some of the contracts that are included in our backlog. Our unfunded backlog, in
particular, contains management’s estimate of amounts expected to be realized on unfunded contract work that may never be realized as revenues. If we fail to realize as revenues amounts included in our backlog, our future revenues,
profitability and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 

Our earnings and profitability may vary based on the mix of our
contracts and may be adversely affected by our failure to accurately estimate and manage costs, time and resources. 

We generate revenues under
various types of contracts, which include cost reimbursement, T&M, FP-LOE and FFP contracts. Our earnings and profitability may vary materially depending on changes in the proportionate amount of revenues derived from each type of contract, the
nature of services or products provided, as well as the achievement of performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined. Cost
reimbursement and T&M contracts are generally less profitable than FFP contracts. Our operating results in any period may also be affected, positively or negatively, by customer’s variable purchasing patterns of our more profitable
proprietary products. 

Our profitability is adversely affected when we incur contract costs that we cannot bill to our customers. To varying degrees,
each of our contract types involves some risk that we could underestimate the costs and resources necessary to fulfill the contract. While FFP contracts allow us to benefit from cost savings, these contracts also increase our exposure to the risk of
cost overruns. Revenues from FFP contracts represented approximately 29% of our total revenues for fiscal 2013. When making proposals on these types of contracts, we rely heavily on our estimates of costs and timing to complete the associated
projects, as well as assumptions regarding technical issues. In each case, our failure to accurately estimate costs or the resources and technology needed to perform our contracts or to effectively manage and control our costs during performance
could result, and in some instances has resulted, in reduced profits or in losses. More generally, any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in the performance of our contracts, including costs and delays caused by contractual
disputes or other factors outside of our control, such as performance failures of our subcontractors, natural disasters or other force majeure events, could make our contracts less profitable than expected or unprofitable. 

We use estimates in recognizing revenues and if we make changes to estimates used in recognizing revenues, our profitability may be adversely
affected. 

Revenues from our contracts are primarily recognized using the percentage-of-completion method or on the basis of partial performance
towards completion. These methodologies require estimates of total costs at completion, fees earned on the contract, or both. This estimation process, particularly due to the technical nature of the services performed and the long-term nature of
certain contracts, is complex and involves significant judgment. Adjustments to original estimates are often required as work progresses, experience is gained and additional information becomes known, even though the scope of the work required under
the contract may not change. Any adjustment as a result of a change in estimate is recognized as events become known. Changes in the underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates could result in adjustments that may adversely affect our future
financial results. 

Our failure to comply with the terms of our deferred prosecution agreement or our administrative agreement
would have a material adverse effect on our business and future prospects. 

In connection with the resolution of certain investigations related
to our CityTime contract, we entered into a three year deferred prosecution agreement with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York. We also entered into a five year administrative agreement with the Army on behalf of
the U.S. Government in order to confirm our continuing 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  13 

Table of Contents

PART I 

eligibility to enter into and perform contracts with the U.S. Government. Our compliance with the terms and conditions of both the deferred prosecution agreement and the administrative agreement,
including the appointment of an independent monitor, will require significant resources and management involvement. If we fail to comply with the deferred prosecution agreement, including its ongoing legal and regulatory compliance obligations, the
U.S. Attorney’s Office may extend the term of the deferred prosecution agreement or independent monitor or we could face criminal prosecution, additional damages and penalties. If we fail to comply with the administrative agreement, the Army
may extend the term of the administrative agreement or initiate suspension or debarment proceedings against us. The CityTime investigations received adverse publicity and we are required to disclose information concerning the deferred prosecution
agreement in certain proposals for contracts, which may make it more difficult to compete effectively and may adversely affect our revenues and growth prospects. In addition, we continue to be subject to risks in connection with government reviews
and investigations and other legal disputes unrelated to the CityTime matter, which may subject us to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including the termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, the triggering of price
reduction clauses, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with governmental agencies. 

Legal disputes could require us to pay potentially large damage awards and could be costly to defend, which would adversely affect our cash
balances and profitability, and could damage our reputation. 

We are subject to a number of lawsuits and claims described in “Legal
Proceedings” in Part 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as may be updated in our future filings with the SEC, including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We are also subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of other litigation
or claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result in significant monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us.
Any claims or litigation could be costly to defend, and even if we are successful or if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the future.
Litigation and other claims, including those described in “
Legal Proceedings,” are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. 

Our business and operations expose us to numerous legal and regulatory requirements and any violation of these requirements could harm our
business. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state and foreign legal requirements on matters as diverse as data privacy and protection,
employment and labor relations, immigration, taxation, anticorruption, import/export controls, trade restrictions, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation and anti-competition. Compliance with diverse and changing
legal requirements is costly, time-consuming and requires significant resources. For example, the SEC’s adoption of a complicated new rule requiring certain disclosures about “conflict minerals” in certain products increases our
compliance costs, requires management attention and could reduce our profitability and expose us to additional risk. We are also focused on expanding our business in certain identified growth areas, such as health information technology, energy and
environment, which are highly regulated and may expose us to increased compliance risk. Violations of one or more of these diverse legal requirements in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines and other damages, criminal
sanctions against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation. Violations of these regulations or contractual obligations related to regulatory compliance in connection with the performance of customer
contracts could also result in liability for significant monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity and other reputational damage, restrictions on our ability to compete for certain work and allegations by our
customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations. 

Our business and financial results could be negatively affected
by cyber or other security threats. 

As a U.S. Government contractor and a provider of information technology services operating in multiple
regulated industries and geographies, we handle sensitive information. Therefore, we are continuously exposed to cyber attacks and other security threats, including physical break-ins. Any electronic or physical break-in or other security breach or
compromise may jeopardize security of information stored or transmitted through our information technology systems and networks. This could lead to disruptions in mission-critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected
information and corruption of data. Although we have implemented policies, procedures and controls to protect against, detect and mitigate these threats, we face advanced and persistent attacks on our information systems and attempts by others to
gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems are becoming more sophisticated. These attempts include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks and impersonating authorized users, among others, and may be
perpetrated by well funded organized crime or state sponsored efforts. We seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their occurrence or recurrence. We continue to invest in and improve our threat protection, detection and
mitigation policies, procedures and controls. In addition, we work with other companies in the industry and government participants on increased awareness and enhanced protections against cybersecurity threats. However, because of the evolving
nature and sophistication of these security threats, which can be difficult to detect, there can be no assurance that our policies, procedures and controls have or will detect or prevent any of these threats and we cannot predict the full impact of
any such past or future incident. We may experience similar security threats to the information 

14  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

technology systems that we develop, install or maintain under customer contracts. Although we work cooperatively with our customers and other business partners to seek to minimize the impacts of
cyber and other security threats, we must rely on the safeguards put in place by those entities. Any remedial costs or other liabilities related to cyber or other security threats may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Occurrence of
any of these security threats could expose us to claims, contract terminations and damages and could adversely affect our reputation, ability to work on sensitive U.S. Government contracts, business operations and financial results. 

Internal system or service failures could disrupt our business and impair our ability to effectively provide our services and products to our
customers, which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Any system or service disruptions, including
those caused by ongoing projects to improve our information technology systems and the delivery of services, as well as projects to separate our information technology infrastructure in connection with the planned separation transaction, whether
through our shared services organization or outsourced services, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our business including, among other things, an adverse effect on our ability to bill our
customers for work performed on our contracts, collect the amounts that have been billed and produce accurate financial statements in a timely manner. We are also subject to systems failures, including network, software or hardware failures, whether
caused by us, third-party service providers, cybersecurity threats, natural disasters, power shortages, terrorist attacks or other events, which could cause loss of data and interruptions or delays in our business, cause us to incur remediation
costs, subject us to claims and damage our reputation. In addition, the failure or disruption of our communications or utilities could cause us to interrupt or suspend our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our property and
business interruption insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur as a result of any system or operational failure or disruption and, as a result, our future results could be adversely affected. 

Customer systems failures could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Many of the systems and networks that we develop, install and maintain for our customers involve managing and protecting personal information and information
relating to national security and other sensitive government functions. While we have programs designed to comply with relevant privacy and security laws and restrictions, if a system or network that we develop, install or maintain were to fail or
experience a security breach or service interruption, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, cybersecurity threats or other events, we may experience loss of revenue, remediation costs or face claims for damages or contract
termination. Any such event could cause serious harm to our reputation and prevent us from having access to or being eligible for further work on such systems and networks. Our errors and omissions liability insurance may be inadequate to compensate
us for all of the damages that we may incur and, as a result, our future results could be adversely affected. 

We have contracts
with the U.S. Government that are classified, which may limit investor insight into portions of our business. 

We derive a portion of our
revenues from programs with the U.S. Government that are subject to security restrictions (classified programs), which preclude the dissemination of information that is classified for national security purposes. We are limited in our ability to
provide information about these classified programs, their risks or any disputes or claims relating to such programs. As a result, investors have less insight into our classified programs than our other businesses and therefore less ability to fully
evaluate the risks related to our classified business. 

We have made and continue to make acquisitions, investments, joint
ventures and divestitures that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. 

We selectively pursue strategic acquisitions, investments and joint
ventures. These transactions require significant investment of time and resources and may disrupt our business and distract our management from other responsibilities. Even if successful, these transactions could reduce earnings for a number of
reasons, including the amortization of intangible assets, impairment charges, acquired operations that are not yet profitable or the payment of additional consideration under earn-out arrangements if an acquisition performs better than expected.
Acquisitions, investments and joint ventures pose many other risks that could adversely affect our reputation, operations or financial results, including: 

•

 we may not be able to identify, compete effectively for or complete suitable acquisitions and investments at prices we consider attractive;

•

 we may not be able to accurately estimate the financial effect of acquisitions and investments on our business and we may not realize anticipated synergies or
acquisitions may not result in improved operating performance; 

•

 we may encounter performance problems with acquired technologies, capabilities and products, particularly with respect to those that are still in development
when acquired; 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  15 

Table of Contents

PART I 

•

 we may have trouble retaining key employees and customers of an acquired business or otherwise integrating such businesses, such as incompatible accounting,
information management, or other control systems, which could result in unforeseen difficulties; 

•

 we may assume material liabilities that were not identified as part of our due diligence or for which we are unable to receive a purchase price adjustment or
reimbursement through indemnification; 

•

 we may assume legal or regulatory risks, particularly with respect to smaller businesses that have immature business processes and compliance programs;

•

 acquired entities or joint ventures may not operate profitably, which could adversely affect our operating income or operating margins and we may be unable to
recover investments in any such acquisitions; 

•

 acquisitions, investments and joint ventures may require us to spend a significant amount of cash or to issue capital stock, resulting in dilution of ownership;
and 

•

 we may not be able to effectively influence the operations of our joint ventures or we may be exposed to certain liabilities if our joint venture partners do not
fulfill their obligations. 

If our acquisitions, investments or joint ventures fail, perform poorly or their value is otherwise
impaired for any reason, including contractions in credit markets and global economic conditions, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

In addition, we periodically divest businesses, including businesses that are no longer a part of our ongoing strategic plan. These divestitures similarly require significant investment of time and resources, may
disrupt our business, distract management from other responsibilities and may result in losses on disposal or continued financial involvement in the divested business, including through indemnification, guarantee or other financial arrangements, for
a period of time following the transaction, which would adversely affect our financial results. 

Goodwill and other intangible
assets represent approximately 40% of our total assets and any impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Intangible assets, including goodwill, are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be
recoverable. Examples of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of intangible assets may not be recoverable could include a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate, an adverse action or
assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, loss of key personnel, or a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or otherwise disposed of. We face continued
uncertainty in our business environment due to the substantial fiscal and economic challenges facing the U.S. Government, such as the manner in which budget cuts are implemented, including sequestration, and issues related to the nation’s debt
ceiling. Any future impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets would have a negative impact on our profitability and financial results. 

We depend on our teaming arrangements and relationships with other contractors and subcontractors. If we are not able to maintain these relationships, or if these parties fail to satisfy their
obligations to us or the customer, our revenues, profitability and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 

We rely on our teaming
relationships with other prime contractors and subcontractors in order to submit bids for large procurements or other opportunities where we believe the combination of services and products provided by us and the other companies will help us to win
and perform the contract. Our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely affected if other contractors eliminate or reduce their contract relationships with us, or if the U.S. Government terminates or reduces these other
contractors’ programs, does not award them new contracts or refuses to pay under a contract. Companies that do not have access to U.S. Government contracts may perform services as our subcontractor and that exposure could enhance such
companies’ prospect of securing a future position as a prime U.S. Government contractor which could increase competition for future contracts and impair our ability to perform on contracts. 

We may have disputes with our subcontractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns
about the subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of a subcontractor’s personnel or the subcontractor’s failure to comply with applicable law. Current uncertain
economic conditions heighten the risk of financial stress of our subcontractors, which could adversely impact their ability to meet their contractual requirements to us. If any of our subcontractors fail to timely meet their contractual obligations
or have regulatory compliance or other problems, our ability to fulfill our obligations as a prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor may be jeopardized. Significant losses could arise in future periods and subcontractor performance
deficiencies could result in our termination for default. A termination for default could eliminate a revenue source, expose us to liability and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and task orders, especially if the
customer is an agency of the U.S. Government. 

16  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

We provide professional engineering and other services, including
engineering-procurement-construction, design build, project delivery and commissioning, in connection with complex projects that involve significant risks and may require long-term capital. 

In connection with certain projects, we may commit to a specific completion date or performance standards, which may expose us to significant additional costs and
reputational damage if we miss the completion date or fail to achieve the performance standards, including agreed upon financial damages. Project performance can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including delays from
governmental inaction, public opposition, inability to obtain financing, weather, unavailability of materials, changes in project scope, accidents, environmental hazards, labor disruptions and other factors. If we assume risks related to these
events, such risks may not be insurable or may only be insurable on unacceptable terms. If these events occur, the total project costs could exceed our estimates and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, incur a loss on a project,
which may reduce or eliminate overall profitability and have an adverse effect on our financial position and cash flows. 

In some projects, we may
commit substantial resources before receiving payments, either because of project cash flow timing or because we agree to delay payment for services until after project completion. We may also provide interim or other financing before the
project is completed or otherwise secures capital from other sources. If a project is not successful, if a customer is unable to repay us, or if any source of financing does not provide its anticipated capital, we could incur losses, including
amounts relating to work performed prior to execution of a customer contract or in connection with financing we provided, which would have an adverse effect on our financial position and cash flows. Tight credit or equity markets could increase this
risk, as customers or other financing sources may be unable to secure funds. 

Our services and operations sometimes involve using,
handling or disposing of hazardous substances, which could expose us to potentially significant liabilities. 

Some of our services and operations
involve the assessment or remediation of environmental hazards, as well as the use, handling or disposal of hazardous substances. These activities and our operations generally subject us to extensive foreign, federal, state and local environmental
protection and health and safety laws and regulations, which, among other things, require us to incur costs to comply with these regulations and could impose liability on us for handling or disposing of hazardous substances. Furthermore, failure to
comply with these environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations could result in civil, criminal, regulatory, administrative or contractual sanctions, including fines, penalties or suspension or debarment from contracting with
the U.S. Government. Our current and previous ownership and operation of real property also subjects us to environmental protection laws, some of which hold current or previous owners or operators of businesses and real property liable for hazardous
substance releases, even if they did not know of and were not responsible for the releases. If we have any violations of, or incur liabilities pursuant to, these laws or regulations, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely
affected. 

We could incur significant liabilities and suffer negative publicity if our inspection or detection systems fail to
detect bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. 

We design, develop, manufacture, sell, service and maintain various inspection
systems that are designed to assist in the detection of bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. In some instances, we also train operators of such systems. Many of these systems utilize software algorithms that are probabilistic in
nature and subject to significant technical limitations. Many of these systems are also dependent on the performance of their operators. There are many factors, some of which are beyond our control, which could result in the failure of our products
to help detect the presence of bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. Some of these factors could include operator error, inherent limitations in our systems, and misuse or malfunction of our systems. The failure of our systems to
help detect the presence of any of these dangerous materials could lead to injury, death and extensive property damage and may lead to product liability, professional liability, or other claims against us. Further, if our systems fail to, or are
perceived to have failed to help detect a threat, the negative publicity from such incident could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from product and other liability claims or losses. 

We maintain insurance coverage with third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our contracts require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. However, not
every risk or liability is or can be protected by insurance, and, for those risks we insure, the limits of coverage we purchase or that are reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred.
If any of our third-party insurers fail, cancel our coverage or otherwise are unable to provide us with adequate insurance coverage, then our overall risk exposure and our operational expenses would increase and the management of our business
operations would be disrupted. Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from significant product and other liability claims or losses. Moreover, there is a risk that commercially available liability insurance will not continue to be available
to us at a reasonable cost, if at all. If liability claims or losses exceed our current or available insurance coverage, our business, financial position, operating results and 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  17 

Table of Contents

PART I 

prospects may be harmed. Regardless of the adequacy of our liability insurance coverages, any significant claim may have an adverse effect on our industry and market reputation, leading to a
substantial decrease in demand for our products and services and reduced revenues. 

We face risks associated with our
international business. 

Our international business operations may be subject to additional and different risks than our U.S. business. Failure
to comply with U.S. Government laws and regulations applicable to international business, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or U.S. export control regulations, could have an adverse impact on our business with the U.S. Government and could
expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties. Additionally, these risks relating to international operations may expose us to potentially significant contract losses. 

In some countries, there is an increased chance for economic, legal or political changes that may adversely affect the performance of our services, sale of our products or repatriation of our profits. International
transactions can also involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange rate variability, imposition of tariffs or additional taxes, restrictive trade policies and differing legal systems. We provide services and products in
support of U.S. Government customers in countries with governments that may be or may become unstable, which increases the risk of an incident resulting in injury or loss of life, or damage or destruction of property, or inability to meet our
contractual obligations. Although our international operations have historically generated a small proportion of our revenues, we do not know the impact that these regulatory, geopolitical and other factors may have on our business in the future and
any of these factors could adversely affect our business. 

Our financial results may be adversely affected by our underfunded
United Kingdom pension plan. 

Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the expense amount that we record for a pension plan that we
sponsor in the United Kingdom for plan participants that primarily performed services on an expired customer contract. While benefits are no longer accruing under this plan, we have continuing defined benefit pension obligations with respect to
certain plan participants. 

We recognize all net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or
the plans’ projected benefit obligation (which is referred to as the “corridor”) annually in continuing operations in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is remeasured, which may cause our pension expense in our
fourth quarter to be volatile and our financial results to fluctuate, potentially adversely. Our pension plan expense and the amount and timing of required contributions may also be affected by economic factors, such as the level of return on
pension plan assets and changes in interest rates, legislation and other government regulatory changes. 

We have only a limited
ability to protect our intellectual property rights, which are important to our success. Our failure to adequately protect our proprietary information and intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position.

We rely principally on trade secrets to protect much of our intellectual property in cases where we do not believe that patent protection is
appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although our employees are subject to confidentiality obligations, this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information. We
may be unable to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. If we
are unable to prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary information, our competitive position could be adversely affected. In addition, in connection with the performance of services,
the U.S. Government has certain rights to inventions, data, software codes and related material that we develop under government-funded contracts and subcontracts, which means that U.S. Government may disclose or license our information to third
parties, including, in some instances, our competitors. 

In the course of conducting our business, we may inadvertently infringe the intellectual
property rights of others, resulting in claims against us or our customers. Our contracts generally indemnify our customers for third-party claims for intellectual property infringement by the services and products we provide. The expense of
defending these claims may adversely affect our financial results. 

Business disruptions caused by natural disasters and other
crises could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position. 

We have significant operations located in regions of the
United States that may be exposed to damaging storms and other natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, blizzards, flooding, wildfires or earthquakes. Our business could also be disrupted by pandemics and other national or
international crises. Although preventative measures may help mitigate the damage from such occurrences, the damage and disruption to our business resulting from any of these events may be 

18  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

significant. If our insurance and other risk mitigation mechanisms are not sufficient to recover all costs, including loss of revenues from sales to customers, we could experience a material
adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Performance failures and disruptions by our subcontractors due to these types of events may also adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations on a prime contract, which
could reduce our profitability due to damages or other costs that may not be fully recoverable from the subcontractor or the customer and could result in a termination of the prime contract and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for
future contracts. 

Our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period. 

Our financial results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. For these reasons, comparing our operating results
on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our financial results may be negatively affected by any of the risk factors listed in this “Risk
Factors” section and other matters described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks Relating to the Proposed
Separation Transaction 

We are pursuing a plan to spin-off our technical, engineering and enterprise information technology
services business into a new, independent publicly traded company. We are incurring significant costs in connection with this transaction, which also requires significant time and attention of our management and we may not be able to complete the
transaction or, if the transaction is completed, realize the anticipated benefits. 

In August 2012, we announced a plan to separate into two
independent public companies through a spin-off of our technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services business. Completion of the transaction will be contingent upon the approval of our board of directors, our receipt of an
opinion from tax counsel and a ruling from the IRS as to the tax-free nature of the transaction, the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on Form 10 and certain other conditions. Additionally, our ability to complete the spin-off in a timely
manner, if at all, could be affected by several factors, including but not limited to: 

•

 our ability to obtain any necessary financing for the newly-created entity on acceptable terms; 

•

 our ability to obtain any necessary consents or approvals; 

•

 changes in governmental regulations; 

•

 changes in the underlying businesses, contracts, or customers; and 

•

 political and economic conditions at the time of the transaction. 

For these and other reasons, we may not be able to complete the spin-off within the expected time frame or at all. Even if the transaction is completed, we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits
from the spin-off, including additional revenues as a result of removing certain organizational conflicts of interest and a reduced cost structure. Moreover, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs in connection with this
transaction, which has and will affect our profitability and operating results through completion of the transaction. Executing the proposed spin-off also requires significant time and attention from management, which could distract them from other
tasks in operating our business and executing our other strategic initiatives. 

The proposed spin-off of our technical,
engineering and enterprise information technology services business could result in substantial tax liability to us and our stockholders. 

Among
the conditions to completing the spin-off will be our receipt of a private letter ruling from the IRS and an opinion of tax counsel substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the spin-off and certain related transactions
will qualify for tax-free treatment under certain sections of the Internal Revenue Code. However, if the factual assumptions or representations made in the private letter ruling request or the opinion are inaccurate or incomplete in any material
respect, including those relating to the past and future conduct of our business, we will not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinion. Furthermore, the opinion will cover certain matters on which the IRS does not rule and will not be binding on
the IRS or the courts. Accordingly, the IRS or the courts may challenge the conclusions stated in the opinion and such challenge could prevail. 

If,
notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling and opinion, the spin-off and certain related transactions are determined to be taxable, we would be subject to a substantial tax liability. In addition, if the spin-off transaction is taxable,
each holder of our common stock who receives shares of the new company would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares received, thereby potentially increasing such
holder’s tax liability. 

Even if the spin-off otherwise qualifies as a tax-free transaction, the distribution could be taxable to us (but not to
our stockholders) in certain circumstances if future significant acquisitions of our stock or the stock of the new technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services company are deemed to be part of a plan or series of related
transactions that include the spin-off. In this event, the resulting tax liability could be substantial. In connection with the spin-

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  19 

Table of Contents

PART I 

off, we expect to enter into a tax matters agreement with the new company, under which it will agree not to enter into any transaction without our consent that could cause any portion of the
spin-off to be taxable to us and to indemnify us for any tax liabilities resulting from such transactions. These obligations and potential tax liabilities may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of us or of the technical, engineering
and enterprise information technology services business. 

Risks Relating to SAIC’s Stock 

We cannot assure you that we will continue to pay dividends on SAIC common stock. 

In March 2012, our board of directors approved the initiation of a quarterly dividend program. The timing, declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends
fall within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our available cash, estimated cash needs, earnings, financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, as well as limitations in our
contractual agreements, applicable law, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other business considerations that our board of directors considers relevant. A change in our dividend program could have an adverse effect on the market price of
SAIC common stock. 

Provisions in SAIC’s charter documents and under Delaware law could delay or prevent transactions that
many stockholders may favor. 

Some provisions of SAIC’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying,
discouraging or preventing a merger or acquisition that our stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. These restrictions, which may also make it more difficult for our
stockholders to elect directors not endorsed by our current directors and management, include the following: 

•

 SAIC’s certificate of incorporation provides that its bylaws and certain provisions of its certificate of incorporation may be amended by only two-thirds or
more voting power of all of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. These supermajority voting requirements could impede our stockholders’ ability to make changes to SAIC’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

•

 SAIC’s certificate of incorporation contains certain supermajority voting provisions, which generally provide that mergers and certain other business
combinations between SAIC and a related person be approved by the holders of securities having at least 80% of SAIC’s outstanding voting power, as well as by the holders of a majority of the voting power of such securities that are not owned by
the related person. 

•

 SAIC’s stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of SAIC’s capital stock are limited in
their ability to take certain actions other than in connection with its annual stockholders’ meeting or a special meeting called at the request of qualified stockholders as provided in SAIC’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

•

 SAIC’s board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to authorize undesignated preferred
stock makes it possible for SAIC’s board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

As a Delaware corporation, SAIC is also subject to certain restrictions on business combinations. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business
combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years, or among other things, SAIC’s board of directors has approved the business combination or the transaction pursuant to which
such person became a 15% holder prior to the time the person became a 15% holder. 

Forward-Looking Statement Risks 

You may not be able to rely on forward-looking statements. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management’s belief and assumptions about the future in light of information currently available to our management. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,”
“estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue,” and similar words or phrases or the negative of these words or phrases. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable when made, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements. There are a number of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those results anticipated by our forward-looking statements, which include, but are not limited to: 

•

 developments in the U.S. Government defense budget, including budget reductions, sequestration, implementation of spending limits or changes in budgetary
priorities, or delays in the U.S. Government budget process or approval of raising the debt ceiling; 

20  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

•

 delays in the U.S. Government contract procurement process or the award of contracts and delays or loss of contracts as a result of competitor protests;

•

 changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations, and practices; 

•

 our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; 

•

 governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; 

•

 our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; 

•

 our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, and to obtain security clearances for our employees;

•

 our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; 

•

 our ability to comply with certain agreements entered into in connection with the CityTime matter; 

•

 resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal or regulatory compliance issues; 

•

 cybersecurity, data security or other security threats, system failures or other disruptions of our business; 

•

 our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; 

•

 our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; 

•

 our ability to manage performance and other risks related to customer contracts, including complex engineering or design build projects;

•

 the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; 

•

 the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims; 

•

 our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; 

•

 our ability to declare future dividends based on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, including compliance with applicable
law and our agreements; 

•

 risks associated with the proposed spin-off of our technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services business, such as disruption to business
operations, unanticipated expenses, significant transaction costs and/or unknown liabilities, the timing of the spin-off or a failure to complete the proposed spin-off or realize the expected benefits of the proposed spin-off; and

•

 our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face.

We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances,
changes in expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of those statements or to conform these statements to actual results.