In your evaluation of our company and business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with information included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. If any of these
risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed and the price of our stock could decline. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many
other companies, such as our ability to collect receivables, overall U.S. and global economic and industry conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest and exchange rates, terrorism, international
conflicts, major health concerns, climate change, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected economic and business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may
impair our business operations and liquidity. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We depend on government agencies as our primary customer and if our reputation or relationships with these agencies were harmed, our future
revenues and growth prospects would be adversely affected. 

In fiscal 2011, 2010 and 2009, we generated 89%, 89% and 88%, respectively, of our
total revenues from contracts with the U.S. Government (including all branches of the U.S. military), either as a prime contractor or a subcontractor to other contractors. We generated more than 10% of our total revenues during each of the last
three fiscal years from each of the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy. We expect to continue to derive most of our revenues from work performed under U.S. Government contracts. Our reputation and relationship with the U.S. Government, and in particular with
the agencies of the DoD and the U.S. intelligence community, are key factors in maintaining and growing these revenues. Negative press reports or publicity, which could pertain to conflicts of interest, poor contract performance, employee or
subcontractor misconduct, information security breaches or other aspects of our business, among other things, regardless of accuracy, could harm our reputation, particularly with these agencies. In addition, negative publicity regarding our work for
state and local government and commercial customers may harm our reputation with these customers as well as with our federal government customers. If our reputation is negatively affected, or if we are suspended or debarred (or proposed for
suspension or debarment) from contracting with government agencies for any reason, the amount of business with government and other customers would decrease and our future revenues and growth prospects would be adversely affected. 

A decline in the U.S. Government defense budget, changes in budgetary priorities or timing of contract awards may adversely affect our future
revenues and limit our growth prospects. 

Revenues under contracts with the DoD, either as a prime contractor or subcontractor to other
contractors, represented 74% of our total revenues in fiscal 2011. Our operating results could be adversely affected by changes in the budgetary priorities of the U.S. Government or the DoD or delays in program starts or the award of contracts.
Current spending levels for defense-related programs by the U.S. Government may not be sustainable and future levels of spending and authorizations for these programs may fail to increase or actually decrease or shift to programs in areas in which
we do not provide services or are less likely to be awarded contracts. Such changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities could occur due to changes in U.S. Government leadership, the number of and intensity of military conflicts, the
rapid growth of the federal budget deficit, increasing political pressure to reduce overall levels of government spending, shifts in spending priorities from defense-related programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds, or other
factors. In addition, the U.S. Government conducts periodic reviews of U.S. defense strategies and priorities, which may shift DoD budgetary priorities, reduce overall U.S. Government spending or delay contract awards for defense-related programs,
including programs from which we expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues. In September 2010, the DoD announced various initiatives designed to gain efficiencies, refocus priorities and enhance business practices used by the
DoD, including those used to procure goods and services from defense contractors. These initiatives are organized into five areas including affordability and cost growth, productivity and innovation, competition, services acquisition, and processes
and bureaucracy. These new initiatives are expected to have a significant impact on the contracting environment in which we do business with our DoD customers and they could have a significant impact on current programs as well as new DoD business
opportunities. Changes to the DoD acquisition system and contracting models could affect whether and how we pursue certain opportunities and the terms under which we are able to do so. These initiatives are still fairly new and the full impact to
our business remains uncertain. A significant decline in overall U.S. Government spending, including in the areas of national security, intelligence and homeland security, a significant shift in its spending priorities, the substantial reduction or
elimination of particular defense-related programs or significant delays in contract awards for large programs could adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects. 

8  SAIC, Inc.
Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Because we depend on U.S. Government contracts, a delay in the completion of the U.S.
Government’s budget process could delay procurement of the products, services and solutions we provide and have an adverse effect on our future revenues. 

In years when the U.S. Government does not complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year on September 30, government operations are typically funded pursuant to a “continuing
resolution.” A continuing resolution allows federal government agencies to operate at spending levels approved in the previous budget cycle, but does not authorize new spending initiatives. When the U.S. Government operates under a continuing
resolution, delays can occur in the procurement of the products, services and solutions that we provide and may result in new initiatives being cancelled. We have from time to time experienced a decline in revenues in our fourth quarter ending
January 31 and beyond as a result of this annual budget cycle, including in fiscal year 2011, and we could experience similar declines in revenues if the budget process is delayed significantly. The U.S. Government is currently operating under
a continuing resolution effective through April 8, 2011 and its budget for government fiscal year 2011 has not yet been finalized. If the continuing resolution is further extended through the entire government fiscal year, it may delay or prevent
the awarding of contracts and could adversely affect our performance. If the U.S. Government fails to complete its budget process or fails to extend the continuing resolution, it may result in a federal government shutdown. A government shutdown may
result in us incurring substantial labor or other costs without reimbursement under customer contracts, or the delay or cancellation of key programs, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results. In
addition, when supplemental appropriations are required to operate the U.S. Government or fund specific programs and passage of legislation needed to approve any supplemental appropriation bill is delayed, the overall funding environment for our
business could be adversely affected. 

Our failure to comply with a variety of complex procurement rules and regulations could
result in our being liable for penalties, including termination of our U.S. Government contracts, disqualification from bidding on future U.S. Government contracts and suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting. 

We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts, which affect how we do business
with our customers and may impose added costs on our business. Some significant regulations that affect us include: 

•

 the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and supplements, which regulate the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts;

•

 the Truth in Negotiations Act, which requires certification and disclosure of cost and pricing data in connection with certain contract negotiations;

•

 the Civil False Claims Act, which provides for substantial civil penalties for violations, including for submission of a false or fraudulent claim to the U.S.
Government for payment or approval; and 

•

 the U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards, which impose accounting requirements that govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S.
Government contracts. 

The FAR and many of our U.S. Government contracts contain organizational conflict of interest clauses that may
limit our ability to compete for or perform certain other contracts. Organizational conflicts of interest arise when we engage in activities that may make us unable to render impartial assistance or advice to the U.S. Government, impair our
objectivity in performing contract work, or provide us with an unfair competitive advantage. A conflict of interest issue that precludes our competition for or performance on a significant program or contract could harm our prospects. 

The U.S. Government may adopt new contract rules and regulations or revise its procurement practices in a manner adverse to us at any time.

The U.S. Government may face restrictions or pressure regarding the type and amount of services it may obtain from private contractors.
Legislation, regulations and initiatives dealing with procurement reform, environmental responsibility or sustainability, and mitigation of potential conflicts of interest, as well as any resulting shifts in the buying practices of U.S. Government
agencies, such as increased usage of fixed price contracts which transfer some risks from the U.S. Government to the performing contractors, could have adverse effects on government contractors, including us. Any of these changes could impair our
ability to obtain new contracts or renew contracts under which we currently perform when those contracts are put up for recompetition. Any new contracting requirements or procurement methods could be costly or administratively difficult for us to
implement and could adversely affect our future revenues. 

Our business is subject to reviews, audits and cost adjustments by the
U.S. Government, which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth prospects. 

U.S.
Government agencies, including the DCAA and others, routinely audit and review a contractor’s performance on government contracts, indirect rates and pricing practices, and compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws,
regulations and standards. They also review the adequacy of the contractor’s compliance with government standards for its accounting and management internal control systems, including: control environment and overall accounting system, general
information technology system, budget and planning system, purchasing system, material management and 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  9 

Table of Contents

PART I 

accounting system, compensation system, labor system, indirect and other direct costs system, billing system and estimating system. Significant audits currently underway include our control
environment and overall accounting, billing and indirect and other direct cost systems, as well as reviews of our compliance with certain U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards. In addition, we changed our indirect rate structure used in our
indirect cost system and our direct labor bid structure used for our estimating system for fiscal 2011 and future years. These changes are currently being reviewed by the DCAA. 

Both contractors and the U.S. Government agencies conducting these audits and reviews have come under increased scrutiny. For example, it was determined that the audit procedures the DCAA used in reviewing some of
our systems and other government contractors’ systems were not in compliance with the requirements of Generally Accepted Government Auditing Standards. As a result, in April and July 2009, the DCAA rescinded its most recent audit reports on our
accounting, billing, and indirect and other direct cost systems issued in 2005 and 2006. The current audits and reviews have become more rigorous and the standards to which we are held are being more strictly interpreted, increasing the likelihood
of an audit or review resulting in an adverse outcome. During the course of its current audits, the DCAA is closely examining and questioning several of our long established and disclosed practices that it had previously audited and accepted,
increasing the uncertainty as to the ultimate conclusion that will be reached. A finding of significant control deficiencies in our system audits can result in decremented billing rates to our U.S. Government customers until the control deficiencies
are corrected and our corrections are accepted. In addition, due to uncertainty created by the lack of timely completion of system and other audits, we have agreed to an insignificant downward adjustment to our provisional billing rates pending
resolution of such uncertainty. 

Government audits and reviews may conclude that our practices are not consistent with applicable laws and regulations
and result in adjustments to contract costs and mandatory customer refunds. Such adjustments can be applied retroactively, which could result in significant customer refunds. Our receipt of adverse audit findings or the failure to obtain an
“adequate” determination of our various accounting and management internal control systems, including our recent changes to indirect cost and direct labor estimating systems, from the responsible U.S. Government agency could significantly
and adversely affect our business, including our ability to bid on new contracts and our competitive position in the bidding process. A determination of non-compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards could
also result in the U.S. Government imposing penalties and sanctions against us, including withholding of payments, suspension of payments and increased government scrutiny that could delay or adversely affect our ability to invoice and receive
timely payment on contracts, perform contracts or compete for contracts with the U.S. Government. In addition, proposed regulatory changes, if adopted, would require DoD contracting officers to impose contractual withholdings at no less than certain
minimum levels based on assessments of a contractor’s business systems. 

Our indirect cost audits by the DCAA have not been completed for fiscal
2005 and subsequent fiscal years. Although we have recorded contract revenues subsequent to fiscal 2004 based upon our estimate of costs that we believe will be approved upon final audit or review, we do not know the outcome of any ongoing or future
audits or reviews and adjustments and, if future adjustments exceed our estimates, our profitability would be adversely affected. 

Our business is subject to governmental review and investigation which could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth
prospects. 

We are routinely subject to governmental investigations relating to our contracts and operations. If a review or investigation
identifies improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including the termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, the triggering of price reduction clauses, suspension of
payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with governmental agencies. We may suffer harm to our reputation if allegations of impropriety are made against us, which would impair our ability to win new contract awards or receive
contract renewals. Penalties and sanctions are not uncommon in our industry. If we incur a material penalty or administrative sanction or otherwise suffer harm to our reputation, our profitability, cash position and future prospects could be
adversely affected. More generally, increases in scrutiny and investigations from government organizations, legislative bodies or agencies into business practices and into major programs supported by contractors may lead to increased legal costs and
may harm our reputation and profitability if we are among the targeted companies. 

Due to the competitive process to obtain
contracts and an increase in bid protests, we may be unable to sustain our revenue growth and profitability. 

We expect that a majority of the
business that we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through a competitive bidding process. The U.S. Government has increasingly relied on certain types of contracts that are subject to a competitive bidding process, including IDIQ, GSA
Schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. The competitive bidding process involves substantial costs and a number of risks, including the significant cost and managerial time
to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us and our failure to accurately estimate the resources and costs that will be required to fulfill any contract we win. Following contract

10  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

award, we may encounter significant expense, delay, contract modifications or even contract loss as a result of our competitors protesting the award of contracts to us in competitive bidding. Any
resulting loss or delay of start up and funding of work under protested contract awards may adversely affect our revenues and/or profitability. In addition, multi-award contracts require that we make sustained post-award efforts to obtain task
orders under the contract. As a result, we may not be able to obtain these task orders or recognize revenues under these multi-award contracts. Our failure to compete effectively in this procurement environment would adversely affect our revenues
and/or profitability. 

The U.S. Government may modify, curtail or terminate our contracts at any time prior to their completion
and, if we do not replace them, we may be unable to sustain our revenue growth and may suffer a decline in revenues. 

Many of the U.S. Government
programs in which we participate as a contractor or subcontractor may extend for several years and include one or more base years and one or more option years. These programs are normally funded on an annual basis. Under our contracts, the U.S.
Government generally has the right not to exercise options to extend or expand our contracts and may modify, curtail or terminate the contracts at its convenience. Any decision by the U.S. Government not to exercise contract options or to modify,
curtail or terminate our major programs or contracts would adversely affect our revenues and revenue growth. For example, in fiscal 2010, the DoD announced its intent to restructure one of our largest programs, Future Combat Systems, which has been
renamed Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization. As a result of this restructuring, certain efforts associated with this program were terminated. 

We
have experienced and continue to experience periodic performance issues under certain of our contracts. If a government customer terminates a contract for default, we may be exposed to liability, including for excess costs incurred by the customer
in procuring undelivered services and products from another source. Depending on the nature and value of the contract, a performance issue or termination for default could cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated and could harm our
reputation. 

We may not realize as revenues the full amounts reflected in our backlog, which could adversely affect our expected
future revenues and growth prospects. 

As of January 31, 2011, our total backlog was $17.3 billion, which included $5.5 billion in
funded backlog. Due to the U.S. Government’s ability to not exercise contract options or to modify, curtail or terminate our major programs or contracts and the rights of our non-U.S. Government customers to cancel contracts and purchase orders
in certain circumstances, we may never realize revenues from some of the contracts that are included in our backlog. Our unfunded backlog, in particular, contains management’s estimate of amounts expected to be realized on unfunded contract
work that may never be realized as revenues. If we fail to realize as revenues amounts included in our backlog, our expected future revenue and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 

Our earnings and profitability may vary based on the mix of our contracts and may be adversely affected by our failure to accurately estimate and manage costs, time and resources.

We generate revenues under various types of contracts, which include cost reimbursement, T&M, FP-LOE and FFP contracts. Our earnings and
profitability may vary materially depending on changes in the proportionate amount of revenues derived from each type of contract, the nature of services or products provided, as well as the achievement of performance objectives and the stage of
performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined. Cost reimbursement and T&M contracts generally have lower profitability than FFP contracts. Our operating results in any
period may be affected, positively or negatively, by variable purchasing patterns by our customers of our more profitable proprietary products. 

Our
profitability is adversely affected when we incur contract costs that we cannot bill to our customers. To varying degrees, each of our contract types involves some risk that we could underestimate our costs and resources necessary to fulfill the
contract. While FFP contracts allow us to benefit from cost savings, these contracts also increase our exposure to the risk of cost overruns. Revenues derived from FFP contracts represented 24% of our total revenues for fiscal 2011. When making
proposals on these types of contracts, we rely heavily on our estimates of costs and timing for completing the associated projects, as well as assumptions regarding technical issues. In each case, our failure to accurately estimate costs or the
resources and technology needed to perform our contracts or to effectively manage and control our costs during the performance of our work could result, and in some instances has resulted, in reduced profits or in losses. More generally, any
increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of our contracts, including costs and delays caused by contractual disputes or other factors outside of our control, could make our contracts less profitable
than expected or unprofitable. 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  11 

Table of Contents

PART I 

We use estimates in recognizing revenues and if we make changes to estimates used in
recognizing revenues, our profitability may be adversely affected. 

Revenues from our contracts are primarily recognized using the
percentage-of-completion method or on the basis of partial performance towards completion. These methodologies require estimates of total costs at completion, fees earned on the contract, or both. This estimation process, particularly due to the
technical nature of the services being performed and the long-term nature of certain contracts, is complex and involves significant judgment. Adjustments to original estimates are often required as work progresses, experience is gained and
additional information becomes known, even though the scope of the work required under the contract may not change. Any adjustment as a result of a change in estimate is recognized as events become known. Changes in the underlying assumptions,
circumstances or estimates could result in adjustments that may adversely affect future financial results. 

Internal system or
service failures could disrupt our business and impair our ability to effectively provide our services and products to our customers, which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

We have a number of projects underway to improve our information technology systems and the delivery of shared services throughout our company. Any system or
service disruptions, including those caused by projects to improve our information technology systems and the delivery of shared services, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our business
including, among other things, an adverse effect on our ability to bill our customers for work performed on our contracts, collect the amounts that have been billed and produce accurate financial statements in a timely manner. 

We are also subject to systems failures, including network, software or hardware failures, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, intruders or
hackers, computer viruses, natural disasters, power shortages or terrorist attacks. Any such failures could cause loss of data and interruptions or delays in our business, cause us to incur remediation costs, subject us to claims and damage our
reputation. In addition, the failure or disruption of our communications or utilities could cause us to interrupt or suspend our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our property and business interruption insurance may be
inadequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur as a result of any system or operational failure or disruption and, as a result, our future results could be adversely affected. 

Customer systems failures, including security breaches, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Many of the systems and networks that we develop, install and maintain for our customers involve managing and protecting personal information and information
relating to national security and other sensitive government functions. While we have programs designed to comply with relevant privacy and security laws and restrictions, if a system or network that we develop, install or maintain were to fail or
experience a security breach or service interruption, we may experience loss of revenue, remediation costs or face claims for damages or contract termination. Any such event could cause serious harm to our reputation and prevent us from having
access to or being eligible for further work on such systems and networks. Our errors and omissions liability insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all of the damages that we may incur and, as a result, our future results could be
adversely affected. 

Misconduct of our employees, subcontractors, agents and business partners could cause us to lose customers or
our ability to obtain new contracts. 

Misconduct, fraud or other improper activities by our employees, subcontractors, agents or business
partners could have a significant adverse impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could include the failure to comply with federal, state or local government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified
information, legislation regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, laws and regulations relating to environmental matters, bribery of foreign government officials, import-export control, lobbying or similar activities,
and any other applicable laws or regulations. Misconduct involving data security lapses resulting in the compromise of personal information or the improper use of our customer’s sensitive or classified information could result in remediation
costs, regulatory sanctions against us and serious harm to our reputation. Other examples of potential misconduct include falsifying time or other records and violations of the Anti-Kickback Act. Although we have implemented policies, procedures and
controls to prevent and detect these activities, these precautions may not prevent all misconduct and as a result, we could face unknown risks or losses. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or misconduct by any of our
employees, subcontractors, agents or business partners could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of security clearance, loss of current and future customer contracts and suspension or debarment from contracting with federal, state or local
government agencies, any of which would adversely affect our business, our reputation and our future results. 

12  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

We have contracts with the U.S. Government that are classified which may limit investor
insight into portions of our business. 

We derive a portion of our revenues from programs with the U.S. Government that are subject to security
restrictions (classified programs), which preclude the dissemination of information that is classified for national security purposes. We are limited in our ability to provide information about these classified programs, their risks or any disputes
or claims relating to such programs. As a result, investors have less insight into our classified programs than our other businesses and therefore less ability to fully evaluate the risks related to our classified business. 

We face aggressive competition that can impact our ability to obtain contracts and therefore affect our future revenues and growth prospects.

Our business is highly competitive in both the Government and Commercial segments. We compete with larger companies that have greater name
recognition, financial resources and larger technical staffs. We also compete with smaller, more specialized companies that are able to concentrate their resources on particular areas. In the Government segment, we additionally compete with the U.S.
Government’s own capabilities and federal non-profit contract research centers. 

The markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly
changing technology and the needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our success depends on our ability to develop services and products that address these changing needs and to provide people and technology needed to deliver
these services and products. To remain competitive, we must consistently provide superior service, technology and performance on a cost-effective basis to our customers. Our competitors may be able to provide our customers with different or greater
capabilities or technologies or better contract terms than we can provide, including technical qualifications, past contract experience, geographic presence, price and the availability of qualified professional personnel. In addition, our
competitors may consolidate or establish teaming or other relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase their ability to address customers’ needs. Accordingly, we anticipate that larger or new competitors or alliances among
competitors may emerge which may adversely affect our ability to compete. 

Adverse judgments or settlements in legal disputes
could require us to pay potentially large damage awards, which would adversely affect our cash balances and profitability. 

We are subject to,
and may become a party to, a variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result in significant
monetary damages or injunctive relief against us. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the future. The
litigation and other claims described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. 

Our failure to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, would adversely affect our ability to execute our strategy. 

Our business involves the development of tailored solutions for our clients, a process that relies heavily upon the expertise and services of our employees. Our
continued success depends on our ability to recruit and retain highly trained and skilled engineering, technical and professional personnel. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and competitors aggressively recruit key employees. In
addition, many U.S. Government programs require contractors to have security clearances. Depending on the level of required clearance, security clearances can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain and personnel with security clearances are in
great demand. Particularly in highly specialized areas, it has become more difficult to retain employees and meet all of our needs for employees in a timely manner, which may affect our growth in the current fiscal year and in future years. Although
we intend to continue to devote significant resources to recruit, train and retain qualified employees, we may not be able to attract and retain these employees. Any failure to do so could impair our ability to perform our contractual obligations
efficiently and timely meet our customers’ needs and win new business, which could adversely affect our future results. 

In addition to attracting
and retaining qualified engineering, technical and professional personnel, we believe that our success will also depend on the continued employment of a highly qualified and experienced senior management team and its ability to retain existing
business and generate new business. Our senior management team is important to our business because personal reputations and individual business relationships are a critical element of retaining and obtaining customer contracts in our industry,
particularly with agencies performing classified operations. Our inability to retain appropriately qualified and experienced senior executives could cause us to lose customers or new business opportunities. 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  13 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Our services and operations sometimes involve using, handling or disposing of hazardous
substances, which could expose us to potentially significant liabilities. 

Our operations sometimes involve the investigation or remediation of
environmental hazards, as well as the use, handling or disposal of hazardous substances. These activities and our operations generally subject us to extensive foreign, federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and
regulations, which, among other things, require us to incur costs to comply with these regulations and could impose liability on us for handling or disposing of hazardous substances. Furthermore, failure to comply with these environmental protection
and health and safety laws and regulations could result in civil, criminal, administrative or contractual sanctions, including fines, penalties or suspension or debarment from contracting with the U.S. Government. Additionally, our ownership and
operation of real property also subjects us to environmental protection laws, some of which hold current or previous owners or operators of businesses and real property liable for hazardous substance releases, even if they did not know of and were
not responsible for the releases. If we have any violations of, or liabilities pursuant to, these laws or regulations, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and divestitures could result in operating difficulties and other adverse consequences to our
business. 

One of our key operating strategies is to selectively pursue strategic acquisitions, investments and joint ventures. As with past
growth, we expect that a significant portion of our future growth will continue to come from these transactions. These transactions require significant investment of time and resources and may disrupt our business and distract our management from
other responsibilities. Even if successful, these transactions could, for some period, reduce earnings due to the amortization of intangible assets acquired or the payment of additional consideration under earn-out arrangements if an acquisition
performs significantly better than expected. Acquisitions, investments and joint ventures pose many other risks, including: 

•

 we may not be able to identify, compete effectively for or complete suitable acquisitions and investments at prices we consider attractive;

•

 we may not be able to accurately estimate the financial effect of acquisitions and investments on our business and we may not realize anticipated synergies or
acquisitions may not result in improved operating performance; 

•

 we may encounter performance problems with acquired technologies, capabilities and products, particularly with respect to those that are still in development
when acquired; 

•

 we may have trouble retaining key employees and customers of an acquired business or otherwise integrating such businesses, such as incompatible accounting,
information management, or other control systems, which could result in unforeseen difficulties; 

•

 we may assume material liabilities that were not identified as part of our due diligence or for which we are unable to receive a purchase price adjustment or
reimbursement through indemnification; 

•

 acquired entities or joint ventures may not operate profitably, which could adversely affect our operating income or operating margins and we may be unable to
recover investments in any such acquisitions; 

•

 future acquisitions, investments and joint ventures may require us to spend a significant amount of cash or to issue capital stock, resulting in dilution of
ownership; and 

•

 we may not be able to effectively influence the operations of our joint ventures, which could adversely affect our operations. 

If our acquisitions, investments or joint ventures fail, perform poorly or their value is otherwise impaired for reasons including contractions in credit markets
and global economic conditions, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

In addition, we periodically divest businesses,
including businesses that are no longer a part of our ongoing strategic plan. These divestitures may result in losses on disposal or continued financial involvement in the divested business, including through indemnification, guarantees or other
financial arrangements, for a period of time following the transaction, which would adversely affect our financial results. 

Goodwill and other intangible assets represent approximately 30% of our total assets and any impairment of these assets could negatively
impact our results of operations. 

Intangible assets, including goodwill, are assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate
that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors considered a change in circumstance, indicating that the carrying value of intangible assets may not be recoverable, could include a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the
business 

14  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, loss of key personnel, or a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of
a reporting unit will be sold or otherwise disposed of. In addition, goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets are assessed for impairment at least annually as required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Future events or
changes in circumstances that result in an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets would have a negative impact on our profitability and financial results. 

We depend on our teaming arrangements and relationships with other contractors and subcontractors. If we are not able to maintain these relationships, or if these parties fail to satisfy their
obligations to us or the customer, our revenues, profitability and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 

We rely on our teaming
relationships with other prime contractors and subcontractors in order to submit bids for large procurements or other opportunities where we believe the combination of services and products provided by us and the other companies will help us to win
and perform the contract. Our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely affected if other contractors eliminate or reduce their contracts relationships with us, or if the U.S. Government terminates or reduces these other
contractors’ programs, does not award them new contracts or refuses to pay under a contract. Companies that do not have access to U.S. Government contracts may perform services as our subcontractor and that exposure could enhance such
companies’ prospect of securing a future position as a prime U.S. Government contractor which could increase competition for future contracts and impair our ability to perform on contracts. 

We may have disputes with our subcontractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns
about the subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of a subcontractor’s personnel or the subcontractor’s failure to comply with applicable law. The current adverse
economic conditions heighten the risk of financial stress of our subcontractors, which could adversely impact their ability to meet their contractual requirements to us. If any of our subcontractors fail to timely meet their contractual obligations
or have regulatory compliance or other problems, our ability to fulfill our obligations as a prime contractor may be jeopardized. Significant losses could arise in future periods and subcontractor performance deficiencies could result in a customer
terminating a contract for default. A termination for default could expose us to liability and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and task orders, especially if the customer is an agency of the U.S. Government.

We could incur significant liabilities and suffer negative publicity if our inspection or detection systems fail to detect bombs,
explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. 

We design, develop, manufacture, sell, service and maintain various inspection systems that
are designed to assist in the detection of bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. In some instances, we also train operators of such systems. Many of these systems utilize software algorithms that are probabilistic in nature and
subject to significant technical limitations. Many of these systems are also dependent on the performance of their operators. There are many factors, some of which are beyond our control, which could result in the failure of our products to help
detect the presence of bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. Some of these factors could include operator error, inherent limitations in our systems, and misuse or malfunction of our systems. The failure of our systems to help
detect the presence of any of these dangerous materials could lead to injury, death and extensive property damage and may lead to product liability, professional liability, or other claims against us. Further, if our systems fail to, or are
perceived to have failed to help detect a threat, the negative publicity from such incident could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from product and other liability claims. 

Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from significant product and other liability claims. Moreover, there is a risk that commercially available liability
insurance will not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost, if at all. If liability claims exceed our current or available insurance coverage, our business and prospects may be harmed. Regardless of the adequacy of our liability
insurance coverages, any significant claim may have an adverse affect on our industry and market reputation, leading to a substantial decrease in demand for our products and services and reduced revenues. 

We face risks associated with our international business. 

Our international business operations may be subject to additional and different risks than our U.S. business. Failure to comply with U.S. Government laws and regulations applicable to international business such
as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or U.S. export control regulations could have an adverse impact on our business with the U.S. Government and could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties. Additionally, these risks relating to
international operations may expose us to potentially significant contract losses. 

In some countries, there is increased chance for economic, legal or
political changes that may adversely affect the performance of our services, sale of our products or repatriation of our profits. International transactions can also involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange rate
variability, imposition of tariffs or additional taxes, 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  15 

Table of Contents

PART I 

restrictive trade policies and differing legal systems. We sometimes provide services and products in support of U.S. Government customers in countries with governments that may be or may become
unstable, which increases the risk of an incident resulting in injury or loss of life, or damage or destruction of property, or inability to meet our contractual obligations. Although our international operations have historically generated a small
proportion of our revenues, we do not know the impact that these regulatory, geopolitical and other factors may have on our business in the future and any of these factors could adversely affect our business. 

Our financial results may be adversely affected by our underfunded United Kingdom pension plan. 

Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the expense amount that we record for a pension plan that we sponsor in the United Kingdom for plan participants
that primarily performed services on a specific customer contract, which expired on March 31, 2010. In April 2010, plan participants who were then performing services on the contract transferred to a successor contractor. We expect to recognize
charges (pre-tax) of approximately $10 million to $20 million from recognition of losses related to the underfunded pension obligations associated with certain plan participants whose pension plan assets and obligations are expected to transfer to a
successor contractor and from related costs. The timing and definitive amount of the charges we will incur depends on the number of plan participants who elect to transfer their pension benefits to a successor contractor, the amount of assets and
obligations to be transferred, the performance of the pension plan assets and the timing of the transfer of the pension plan assets and obligations. We will have continuing defined benefit pension obligations with respect to certain plan
participants. However, as of March 2011, benefits are no longer accruing under the plan. Our pension plan expense may also be affected by economic factors, such as the level of return on pension plan assets and changes in interest rates, legislation
and other government regulatory actions. 

We have only a limited ability to protect our intellectual property rights, which are
important to our success. Our failure to adequately protect our proprietary information and intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position. 

We rely principally on trade secrets to protect much of our intellectual property in cases where we do not believe that patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to
protect. Although our employees are subject to confidentiality obligations, this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information. In addition, we may be unable to detect unauthorized use of our
intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. In addition, if we are unable to prevent third parties
from infringing or misappropriating our copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary information, our competitive position could be adversely affected. 

In the course of conducting our business, we may inadvertently infringe the intellectual property rights of others, resulting in claims against us or our
customers. Our contracts generally indemnify our customers for third-party claims for intellectual property infringement by the services and products we provide. The expense of defending these claims may adversely affect our financial results.

Business disruptions caused by natural disasters and other crises could adversely affect our profitability and our overall
financial position. 

We have significant operations located in regions of the United States that may be exposed to damaging storms and other
natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, blizzards, flooding, wildfires or earthquakes. Our business could also be disrupted by pandemics and other national or international crises. Although preventative measures may help mitigate damage,
the damage and disruption to our business resulting from any of these events may be significant. If our insurance and other risk mitigation mechanisms are not sufficient to recover all costs, including loss of revenues from sales to customers, we
could experience a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Performance failures by our subcontractors due to these types of events may also adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations on a prime
contract, which could reduce our profitability due to damages or other costs that may not be fully recoverable from the subcontractor or the customer and could result in a termination of the prime contract and have an adverse effect on our ability
to compete for future contracts. 

Our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period. 

Our financial results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. For these reasons, comparing our operating results
on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our financial results may be negatively affected by any of the risk factors listed in this “Risk
Factors” section and other matters described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

16  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Risks Relating to Our Stock 

Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could delay or prevent transactions that many stockholders may favor. 

Some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying, discouraging or preventing a merger or acquisition that our
stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. These restrictions, which may also make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors not endorsed by our current
directors and management, include the following: 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation provides that our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation may be amended by only two-thirds or more
voting power of all of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. These supermajority voting requirements could impede our stockholders’ ability to make changes to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation contains certain supermajority voting provisions, which generally provide that mergers and certain other business combinations
between us and a related person be approved by the holders of securities having at least 80% of our outstanding voting power, as well as by the holders of a majority of the voting power of such securities that are not owned by the related person.

•

 Our stockholders may not act by written consent or call special meetings. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock are
limited in their ability to take certain actions other than in connection with our annual stockholders’ meeting. 

•

 Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock
makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain restrictions on business combinations. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its
capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years, or among other things, the board of directors has approved the business combination or the transaction pursuant to which such person became a 15% holder prior to the time the person
became a 15% holder. 

Forward-Looking Statement Risks 

You may not be able to rely on forward-looking statements. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management’s belief and assumptions about the future in light of information currently available to our management. These statements relate to future events or our future financial
performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

•

 changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards or the U.S. budget process; 

•

 changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations, and practices; 

•

 our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; 

•

 the outcome of governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; 

•

 our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; 

•

 our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; 

•

 our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; 

•

 our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; 

•

 our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; 

•

 resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal compliance issues; 

•

 our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; 

•

 the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; 

•

 the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims; 

•

 our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; and 

•

 our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face.

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  17 

Table of Contents

PART I 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,”
“will,” “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue” or the
negative of these terms or similar terms. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. There are a number
of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those results anticipated by our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements to reflect events,
circumstances, changes in expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of those statements or to conform these statements to actual results.