In your
evaluation of our company and business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks
and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results
could be materially harmed and the price of our stock could decline. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as our ability to collect receivables, overall U.S. and global economic and
industry conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest and exchange rates, terrorism, international conflicts, major health concerns, climate change or other disruptions of expected economic and
business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may materially harm our business, financial condition or operating results and result in a decline in the price of our
stock. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We depend on government agencies as our primary customer and if our reputation or relationships with these agencies were harmed, our future revenues and growth prospects would be adversely
affected. 

We generated over 90% of our total revenues during each of the last three fiscal years from contracts with the U.S. Government
(including all branches of the U.S. military), either as a prime contractor or a subcontractor to other contractors engaged in work for the U.S. Government. We generated more than 10% of our total revenues during each of the last three fiscal years
from each of the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy. We expect to continue to derive most of our revenues from work performed under U.S. Government contracts. Our reputation and relationship with the U.S. Government, and in particular with the agencies of the
DoD and the U.S. intelligence community, are key factors in maintaining and growing these revenues. Negative press reports or publicity, which could pertain to employee or subcontractor misconduct, conflicts of interest, poor contract performance,
defects in products, reports or other deliverables, information security breaches or other aspects of our business, regardless of accuracy, could harm our reputation, particularly with these agencies. In addition, negative publicity regarding our
work for state and local government and commercial customers may harm our reputation with these customers as well as with our federal government customers. If our reputation is negatively affected, or if we are suspended or debarred from contracting
with government agencies for any reason, the amount of business with government and other customers would decrease and our future revenues and growth prospects would be adversely affected. 

A decline in the U.S. Government defense budget, changes in budgetary priorities or timing of contract awards may adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects.

Revenues under contracts with the DoD, either as a prime contractor or subcontractor to other contractors, represented approximately 75% of our
total revenues in fiscal 2012. Our operating results could be adversely affected by spending caps or changes in the budgetary priorities of the U.S. Government or the DoD, as well as delays in program starts or the award of contracts or task orders
under contracts. Current U.S. Government spending levels for defense-related programs may not be sustained and future spending and program authorizations may not increase or may decrease or shift to programs in areas in which we do not provide
services or are less likely to be awarded contracts. Such changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities may occur as a result of the rapid growth of the federal budget deficit, increasing political pressure and legislation, including
the Budget Control Act of 2011, designed to reduce overall levels of government spending, shifts in spending priorities from defense-related programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds, the number and intensity of military conflicts
or other factors. The Budget Control Act of 2011 enacted 10-year discretionary spending caps which are expected to generate over $1 trillion in savings for the U.S. Government, a significant portion of which comes from DoD baseline spending
reductions. In addition, unless the Budget Control Act is amended, additional automatic spending cuts (referred to as sequestration) totaling $1.2 trillion over 10 years will be triggered beginning in the U.S. Government fiscal year ending September
30, 2013. These spending cuts are expected to further reduce DoD and homeland security spending, as well as other federal agency spending. The U.S. Government also conducts periodic reviews of U.S. defense strategies and priorities, which may shift
DoD budgetary priorities, reduce overall U.S. Government spending or delay contract or task order awards for defense-related programs, including programs from which we expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues. In addition,
changes to the DoD acquisition system and contracting models could affect whether and how we pursue certain opportunities and the terms under which we are able to do so. A significant decline in overall U.S. Government spending, including in the
areas of national security, intelligence and homeland security, a 

8  SAIC, Inc.
Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

significant shift in its spending priorities, the substantial reduction or elimination of particular defense-related programs or significant delays in contract or task order awards for large
programs could adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects. 

Because we depend on U.S. Government
contracts, a delay in the completion of the U.S. Government’s budget process could delay procurement of the products, services and solutions we provide and have an adverse effect on our future revenues. 

The funding of U.S. Government programs is subject to an annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation process. In years when the U.S. Government does
not complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year on September 30, government operations are typically funded pursuant to a “continuing resolution,” which allows federal government agencies to operate at spending
levels approved in the previous budget cycle, but does not authorize new spending initiatives. When the U.S. Government operates under a continuing resolution, delays can occur in the procurement of the products, services and solutions that we
provide and may result in new initiatives being cancelled. We have from time to time experienced a decline in revenues in our fourth quarter ending January 31 and beyond as a result of this annual budget cycle, and we could experience similar
declines in revenues from future delays in the budget process. In years when the U.S. Government fails to complete its budget process or to provide for a continuing resolution, a federal government shutdown may result. This could in turn result in
our incurrence of substantial labor or other costs without reimbursement under customer contracts, or the delay or cancellation of key programs, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results. In
addition, when supplemental appropriations are required to operate the U.S. Government or fund specific programs and passage of legislation needed to approve any supplemental appropriation bill is delayed, the overall funding environment for our
business could be adversely affected. 

We face significant uncertainties related to the settlement of the CityTime investigations,
which may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

With a substantial portion of our business derived from U.S. Government
contracts, we have been in discussions with our U.S. Government customers regarding the CityTime matter, including the deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) and resolution of the matter with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District
of New York and the City of New York. While we do not expect to be terminated on existing U.S. Government contracts or precluded from bidding on new U.S. Government contracts, we are working to resolve these matters with these government customers
as quickly as possible, but no assurances can be given as to the timing or outcome of these discussions. If our contracts are terminated or we are precluded from bidding on new U.S. Government contracts, our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our compliance with the terms and conditions of the DPA, including the appointment of an independent monitor, will require significant resources and management involvement. If
we fail to comply with any terms or conditions of the DPA, including ongoing legal and regulatory compliance obligations, the U.S. Attorney’s Office may extend the term of the DPA or independent monitor or we could face criminal prosecution,
additional damages and penalties. Publicity about the CityTime investigations and the terms of the settlement may also damage our reputation, which could make it more difficult to compete effectively and may adversely affect our future revenues and
growth prospects. 

Our failure to comply with a variety of complex procurement rules and regulations could result in our being
liable for penalties, including termination of our U.S. Government contracts, disqualification from bidding on future U.S. Government contracts and suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting. 

We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts, which affect how we do business
with our customers and may impose added costs on our business. Some significant statutes and regulations that affect us include: 

•

 the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and supplements, which regulate the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts;

•

 the Truth in Negotiations Act, which requires certification and disclosure of cost and pricing data in connection with certain contract negotiations;

•

 the Procurement Integrity Act, which regulates access to competitor bid and proposal information and government source selection information, and our ability to
provide compensation to certain former government officials; 

•

 the Civil False Claims Act, which provides for substantial civil penalties for violations, including for submission of a false or fraudulent claim to the U.S.
Government for payment or approval; and 

•

 the U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards, which impose accounting requirements that govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S.
Government contracts. 

The FAR and many of our U.S. Government contracts contain organizational conflict of interest clauses that may
limit our ability to compete for or perform certain other contracts or other types of services for particular customers. Organizational conflicts of interest arise when we engage in activities that may make us unable to render impartial assistance
or advice to 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  9 

Table of Contents

PART I 

the U.S. Government, impair our objectivity in performing contract work, or provide us with an unfair competitive advantage. A conflict of interest issue that precludes our competition for or
performance on a significant program or contract could harm our prospects. 

The U.S. Government may adopt new contract rules and
regulations or revise its procurement practices in a manner adverse to us at any time. 

Our industry has experienced, and we expect it will
continue to experience, significant changes to business practices as a result of an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, and recovery of costs, among other items. U.S. Government agencies may face restrictions or pressure regarding the
type and amount of services that they may obtain from private contractors. Legislation, regulations and initiatives dealing with procurement reform, mitigation of potential conflicts of interest and environmental responsibility or sustainability, as
well as any resulting shifts in the buying practices of U.S. Government agencies, such as increased usage of fixed price contracts, multiple award contracts and small business set-aside contracts, could have adverse effects on government
contractors, including us. Any of these changes could impair our ability to obtain new contracts or renew our existing contracts when those contracts are recompeted. Any new contracting requirements or procurement methods could be costly or
administratively difficult for us to implement and could adversely affect our future revenues, profitability and prospects. 

Our
business is subject to reviews, audits and cost adjustments by the U.S. Government, which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth prospects. 

U.S. Government agencies, including the DCAA, DCMA and others, routinely audit and review a contractor’s performance on government contracts, indirect rates
and pricing practices, and compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards. They also review the adequacy of the contractor’s compliance with government standards for its accounting and management internal
control systems, including: control environment and overall accounting system, estimating system, purchasing system, property system and earned value management system. 

Both contractors and the U.S. Government agencies conducting these audits and reviews have come under increased scrutiny. For example, it was determined that the audit procedures the DCAA previously used in
reviewing some of our systems and other government contractors’ systems were not in compliance with the requirements of Generally Accepted Government Auditing Standards. As a result, certain previous audit reports were rescinded, the current
audits and reviews have become more rigorous and the standards to which we are held are being more strictly interpreted, increasing the likelihood of an audit or review resulting in an adverse outcome. During the course of its current audits, the
DCAA is closely examining and questioning several of our long established and disclosed practices that it had previously audited and accepted, increasing the uncertainty as to the ultimate conclusion that will be reached. 

A finding of significant control deficiencies in our system audits or other reviews can result in decremented billing rates to our U.S. Government customers until
the control deficiencies are corrected and our corrections are accepted by DCMA. Government audits and reviews may conclude that our practices are not consistent with applicable laws and regulations and result in adjustments to contract costs and
mandatory customer refunds. Such adjustments can be applied retroactively, which could result in significant customer refunds. Our receipt of adverse audit findings or the failure to obtain an “approved” determination of our various
accounting and management internal control systems, including our changes to indirect cost and direct labor estimating systems, from the responsible U.S. Government agency could significantly and adversely affect our business, including our ability
to bid on new contracts and our competitive position in the bidding process. A determination of non-compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards could also result in the U.S. Government imposing penalties
and sanctions against us, including withholding of payments, suspension of payments and increased government scrutiny that could delay or adversely affect our ability to invoice and receive timely payment on contracts, perform contracts or compete
for contracts with the U.S. Government. 

Our indirect cost audits by the DCAA have not been completed for fiscal 2005 and subsequent fiscal years.
Although we have recorded contract revenues subsequent to fiscal 2004 based upon our estimate of costs that we believe will be approved upon final audit or review, we do not know the outcome of any ongoing or future audits or reviews and adjustments
and, if future adjustments exceed our estimates, our profitability would be adversely affected. 

Our business is subject to
governmental review and investigation which could adversely affect our profitability, cash position and growth prospects. 

We are routinely
subject to governmental investigations relating to our contracts and operations. If a review or investigation identifies improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including the
termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, the triggering of price reduction clauses, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with governmental agencies. We may suffer harm to our reputation if allegations
of impropriety are made against us, which would impair our ability to win new contract awards or receive contract renewals. Penalties and sanctions are not uncommon in our industry. If we incur a material penalty or administrative sanction or
otherwise suffer harm to our reputation, our profitability, cash position and future prospects could be adversely affected. 

10  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

More generally, increases in scrutiny and investigations from government organizations, legislative bodies or agencies into business practices and into major programs supported by contractors may
lead to increased legal costs and may harm our reputation, profitability and growth prospects. 

Misconduct of employees,
subcontractors, agents and business partners could cause us to lose existing contracts or customers and adversely affect our ability to obtain new contracts and customers and could have a significant adverse impact on our business and reputation.

Misconduct could include fraud or other improper activities such as falsifying time or other records and violations of laws, including the
Anti-Kickback Act. Other examples could include the failure to comply with our policies and procedures or with federal, state or local government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the use and safeguarding of classified or other
protected information, legislation regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, laws and regulations relating to environmental, health or safety matters, bribery of foreign government officials, import-export control,
lobbying or similar activities, and any other applicable laws or regulations. Any data loss or information security lapses resulting in the compromise of personal information or the improper use or disclosure of sensitive or classified information
could result in claims, remediation costs, regulatory sanctions against us, loss of current and future contracts and serious harm to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies, procedures and controls to prevent and detect these
activities, these precautions may not prevent all misconduct, and as a result, we could face unknown risks or losses. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or misconduct by any of our employees, subcontractors, agents or business
partners could damage our reputation and subject us to fines and penalties, restitution or other damages, loss of security clearance, loss of current and future customer contracts and suspension or debarment from contracting with federal, state or
local government agencies, any of which would adversely affect our business and our future results. 

Due to the competitive
process to obtain contracts and an increase in bid protests, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth and profitability. 

We expect
that a majority of the business that we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through a competitive bidding process. The U.S. Government has increasingly relied on contracts that are subject to a competitive bidding process, including IDIQ,
GSA Schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. The competitive bidding process involves substantial costs and a number of risks, including significant cost and managerial time
to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us, or that may be awarded but for which we do not receive meaningful task orders, and to the risk of inaccurately estimating the resources and costs that will be required to
fulfill any contract we win. Following contract award, we may encounter significant expense, delay, contract modifications or even contract loss as a result of our competitors protesting the award of contracts to us in competitive bidding. Any
resulting loss or delay of start up and funding of work under protested contract awards may adversely affect our revenues and/or profitability. In addition, multi-award contracts require that we make sustained post-award efforts to obtain task
orders under the contract. As a result, we may not be able to obtain these task orders or recognize revenues under these multi-award contracts. Our failure to compete effectively in this procurement environment would adversely affect our revenues
and/or profitability. 

The U.S. Government may terminate, cancel, modify or curtail our contracts at any time prior to their
completion and, if we do not replace them, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth and may suffer a decline in revenues. 

Many of
the U.S. Government programs in which we participate as a contractor or subcontractor may extend for several years and include one or more base years and one or more option years. These programs are normally funded on an annual basis. Under our
contracts, the U.S. Government generally has the right not to exercise options to extend or expand our contracts and may otherwise terminate, cancel, modify or curtail our contracts at its convenience. Any decision by the U.S. Government not to
exercise contract options or to terminate, cancel, modify or curtail our major programs or contracts would adversely affect our revenues, revenue growth and profitability. 

We have experienced and continue to experience periodic performance issues under certain of our contracts. If a government customer terminates a contract for default, we may be exposed to liability, including for
excess costs incurred by the customer in procuring undelivered services and products from another source. Depending on the nature and value of the contract, a performance issue or termination for default could cause our actual results to differ from
those anticipated and could harm our reputation. 

We face aggressive competition that can impact our ability to obtain contracts
and therefore affect our future revenues and growth prospects. 

Our business is highly competitive and we compete with larger companies that have
greater name recognition, financial resources and larger technical staffs. We also compete with smaller, more specialized companies that are able to concentrate their resources on particular areas. Additionally, we compete with the U.S.
Government’s own capabilities and federal non-profit contract research centers. 

The markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly
changing technology and the needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our success depends on our ability to develop services and products that address these 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  11 

Table of Contents

PART I 

changing needs and to provide people and technology needed to deliver these services and products. To remain competitive, we must consistently provide superior service, technology and performance
on a cost-effective basis to our customers. Our competitors may be able to provide our customers with different or greater capabilities or technologies or better contract terms than we can provide, including technical qualifications, past contract
experience, geographic presence, price and the availability of qualified professional personnel. In addition, our competitors may consolidate or establish teaming or other relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase their
ability to address customers’ needs. Accordingly, we anticipate that larger or new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge which may adversely affect our ability to compete. 

Our failure to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, would adversely affect our ability to execute our
strategy. 

Our business involves the development of tailored solutions for our customers, a process that relies heavily upon the expertise and
services of our employees. Our continued success depends on our ability to recruit and retain highly trained and skilled engineering, technical and professional personnel. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and competitors aggressively
recruit key employees. In addition, many U.S. Government programs require contractors to have security clearances. Depending on the level of required clearance, security clearances can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain and personnel with
security clearances are in great demand. Particularly in highly specialized areas, it has become more difficult to retain employees and meet all of our needs for employees in a timely manner, which may affect our growth in the current fiscal year
and in future years. Although we intend to continue to devote significant resources to recruit, train and retain qualified employees, we may not be able to attract and retain these employees. Any failure to do so could impair our ability to perform
our contractual obligations efficiently and timely meet our customers’ needs and win new business, which could adversely affect our future results. 

In addition to attracting and retaining qualified engineering, technical and professional personnel, we believe that our success will also depend on the continued
employment of a highly qualified and experienced senior management team and its ability to retain existing business and generate new business. Our senior management team is important to our business because personal reputations and individual
business relationships are a critical element of retaining and obtaining customer contracts in our industry, particularly with agencies performing classified operations. In the past year, we have experienced changes in our senior executive team,
including the appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer effective March 1, 2012. Our inability to retain appropriately qualified and experienced senior executives could cause us to lose customers or new business opportunities. 

We may not realize as revenues the full amounts reflected in our backlog, which could adversely affect our expected future revenues and
growth prospects. 

As of January 31, 2012, our total backlog was $18.0 billion, which included $5.5 billion in funded backlog. Due to
the U.S. Government’s ability to not exercise contract options or to terminate, modify or curtail our programs or contracts and the rights of our non-U.S. Government customers to cancel contracts and purchase orders in certain circumstances, we
may realize less than expected or in some cases never realize revenues from some of the contracts that are included in our backlog. Our unfunded backlog, in particular, contains management’s estimate of amounts expected to be realized on
unfunded contract work that may never be realized as revenues. If we fail to realize as revenues amounts included in our backlog, our expected future revenues, growth prospects and profitability could be adversely affected. 

Our earnings and profitability may vary based on the mix of our contracts and may be adversely affected by our failure to accurately estimate
and manage costs, time and resources. 

We generate revenues under various types of contracts, which include cost reimbursement, T&M, FP-LOE
and FFP contracts. Our earnings and profitability may vary materially depending on changes in the proportionate amount of revenues derived from each type of contract, the nature of services or products provided, as well as the achievement of
performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined. Cost reimbursement and T&M contracts generally have lower profitability than FFP
contracts. Our operating results in any period may also be affected, positively or negatively, by variable purchasing patterns by our customers of our more profitable proprietary products. 

Our profitability is adversely affected when we incur contract costs that we cannot bill to our customers. To varying degrees, each of our contract types involves some risk that we could underestimate the costs and
resources necessary to fulfill the contract. While FFP contracts allow us to benefit from cost savings, these contracts also increase our exposure to the risk of cost overruns. Revenues derived from FFP contracts represented approximately 25% of our
total revenues for fiscal 2012. When making proposals on these types of contracts, we rely heavily on our estimates of costs and timing for completing the associated projects, as well as assumptions regarding technical issues. In each case, our
failure to accurately estimate costs or the resources and technology needed to perform our contracts or to effectively manage and control our costs during the 

12  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

performance of our work could result, and in some instances has resulted, in reduced profits or in losses. More generally, any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection
with the performance of our contracts, including costs and delays caused by contractual disputes or other factors outside of our control, such as performance failures of our subcontractors, natural disasters or other force majeure events, could make
our contracts less profitable than expected or unprofitable. 

We use estimates in recognizing revenues and if we make changes to
estimates used in recognizing revenues, our profitability may be adversely affected. 

Revenues from our contracts are primarily recognized using
the percentage-of-completion method or on the basis of partial performance towards completion. These methodologies require estimates of total costs at completion, fees earned on the contract, or both. This estimation process, particularly due to the
technical nature of the services being performed and the long-term nature of certain contracts, is complex and involves significant judgment. Adjustments to original estimates are often required as work progresses, experience is gained and
additional information becomes known, even though the scope of the work required under the contract may not change. Any adjustment as a result of a change in estimate is recognized as events become known. Changes in the underlying assumptions,
circumstances or estimates could result in adjustments that may adversely affect future financial results. 

Our business and
financial results could be negatively affected by cyber or other security threats. 

As a U.S. Government contractor and a provider of information
technology services operating in multiple regulated industries and geographies, we handle sensitive information. Therefore, we are continuously exposed to cyber and other security threats, including computer viruses, attacks by hackers or physical
break-ins. Any electronic or physical break-in or other security breach or compromise may jeopardize security of information stored or transmitted through our information technology systems and networks. This could lead to disruptions in mission
critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Although we have implemented policies, procedures and controls to protect against, detect and mitigate these threats, attempts by
others to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems are becoming more sophisticated. These attempts include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks and impersonating authorized users, among others, and
may be perpetrated by well funded organized crime or state sponsored efforts. We seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their occurrence or recurrence. We continue to improve our threat protection, detection and
mitigation policies, procedures and controls. In addition, we work with other companies in the industry and government participants on increased awareness and enhanced protections against cybersecurity threats. However, because of the evolving
nature of these security threats, there can be no assurance that our policies, procedures and controls have or will detect or prevent any of these threats and we cannot predict the full impact of any such incident. We may experience similar
security threats to the information technology systems that we develop, install or maintain under customer contracts. Although we work cooperatively with our customers and other business partners to seek to minimize the impacts of cyber and other
security threats, we must rely on the safeguards put in place by those entities. Any remedial costs or other liabilities related to cyber or other security threats may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Occurrence of any of these
security threats could adversely affect our reputation, ability to work on sensitive U.S. Government contracts, business operations and financial results. 

Internal system or service failures could disrupt our business and impair our ability to effectively provide our services and products to our customers, which could damage our reputation and
adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Any system or service disruptions, including those caused by ongoing projects to improve our
information technology systems and the delivery of services, whether through our shared services organization or outsourced services, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our business including,
among other things, an adverse effect on our ability to bill our customers for work performed on our contracts, collect the amounts that have been billed and produce accurate financial statements in a timely manner. We are also subject to systems
failures, including network, software or hardware failures, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, cybersecurity threats, natural disasters, power shortages, terrorist attacks or other events, which could cause loss of data and
interruptions or delays in our business, cause us to incur remediation costs, subject us to claims and damage our reputation. In addition, the failure or disruption of our communications or utilities could cause us to interrupt or suspend our
operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our property and business interruption insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur as a result of any system or operational failure or disruption and, as a result,
our future results could be adversely affected. 

Customer systems failures could damage our reputation and adversely affect our
revenues and profitability. 

Many of the systems and networks that we develop, install and maintain for our customers involve managing and
protecting personal information and information relating to national security and other sensitive government functions. While we have 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  13 

Table of Contents

PART I 

programs designed to comply with relevant privacy and security laws and restrictions, if a system or network that we develop, install or maintain were to fail or experience a security breach or
service interruption, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, cybersecurity threats or other events, we may experience loss of revenue, remediation costs or face claims for damages or contract termination. Any such event could cause
serious harm to our reputation and prevent us from having access to or being eligible for further work on such systems and networks. Our errors and omissions liability insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all of the damages that we may
incur and, as a result, our future results could be adversely affected. 

We have contracts with the U.S. Government that are
classified which may limit investor insight into portions of our business. 

We derive a portion of our revenues from programs with the U.S.
Government that are subject to security restrictions (classified programs), which preclude the dissemination of information that is classified for national security purposes. We are limited in our ability to provide information about these
classified programs, their risks or any disputes or claims relating to such programs. As a result, investors have less insight into our classified programs than our other businesses and therefore less ability to fully evaluate the risks related to
our classified business. 

Legal disputes could require us to pay potentially large damage awards and could be costly to defend,
which would adversely affect our cash balances and profitability, and could damage our reputation. 

We are subject to a number of lawsuits and
claims described in Note 17 of the combined notes to our consolidated financial statements contained within this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as may be updated in our future filings with the SEC, including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We are
also subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of other litigation or claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result in
significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us. Any claims or litigation could be costly to defend, and even if we are successful or if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete
effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the future. Litigation and other claims, including those described in Note 17 of the combined notes to our consolidated financial statements, are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s
view of these matters may change in the future. 

Our business and operations expose us to numerous legal and regulatory
requirements and any violation of these requirements could harm our business. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state and foreign legal
requirements on matters as diverse as data privacy and protection, employment and labor relations, immigration, taxation, anticorruption, import/export controls, trade restrictions, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation
and anti-competition. We are also focused on expanding our business in certain identified growth areas, such as health information technology, energy and environment, which are highly regulated and may expose us to increased compliance risk.
Compliance with diverse and changing legal requirements is costly, time-consuming and requires significant resources. Violations of one or more of these requirements in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines and
other damages, criminal sanctions against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation. Violations of these regulations or contractual obligations related to regulatory compliance in connection with the
performance of customer contracts could also result in liability for significant monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity and other reputational damage, restrictions on our ability to compete for certain work
and allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations. 

We have made and continue to make
acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and divestitures that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. 

One component of our growth strategy
is to selectively pursue strategic acquisitions, investments and joint ventures. These transactions require significant investment of time and resources and may disrupt our business and distract our management from other responsibilities. Even if
successful, these transactions could reduce earnings for a number of reasons, including the amortization of intangible assets, impairment charges, acquired operations that are not yet profitable or the payment of additional consideration under
earn-out arrangements if an acquisition performs better than expected. Acquisitions, investments and joint ventures pose many other risks that could adversely affect our reputation, operations or financial results, including: 

•

 we may not be able to identify, compete effectively for or complete suitable acquisitions and investments at prices we consider attractive;

•

 we may not be able to accurately estimate the financial effect of acquisitions and investments on our business and we may not realize anticipated synergies or
acquisitions may not result in improved operating performance; 

•

 we may encounter performance problems with acquired technologies, capabilities and products, particularly with respect to those that are still in development
when acquired; 

14  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

•

 we may have trouble retaining key employees and customers of an acquired business or otherwise integrating such businesses, such as incompatible accounting,
information management, or other control systems, which could result in unforeseen difficulties; 

•

 we may assume material liabilities that were not identified as part of our due diligence or for which we are unable to receive a purchase price adjustment or
reimbursement through indemnification; 

•

 we may assume legal or regulatory risks, particularly with respect to smaller businesses that have immature business processes and compliance programs;

•

 acquired entities or joint ventures may not operate profitably, which could adversely affect our operating income or operating margins and we may be unable to
recover investments in any such acquisitions; 

•

 acquisitions, investments and joint ventures may require us to spend a significant amount of cash or to issue capital stock, resulting in dilution of ownership;
and 

•

 we may not be able to effectively influence the operations of our joint ventures or we may be exposed to certain liabilities if our joint venture partners do not
fulfill their obligations. 

If our acquisitions, investments or joint ventures fail, perform poorly or their value is otherwise
impaired for any reason, including contractions in credit markets and global economic conditions, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

In addition, we periodically divest businesses, including businesses that are no longer a part of our ongoing strategic plan. These divestitures similarly require significant investment of time and resources, may
disrupt our business, distract management from other responsibilities and may result in losses on disposal or continued financial involvement in the divested business, including through indemnification, guarantee or other financial arrangements, for
a period of time following the transaction, which would adversely affect our financial results. 

Goodwill and other intangible
assets represent approximately 30% of our total assets and any impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Intangible assets, including goodwill, are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be
recoverable. Examples of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of intangible assets may not be recoverable could include a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate, an adverse action or
assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, loss of key personnel, or a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or otherwise disposed of. Any future impairment of
goodwill or other intangible assets would have a negative impact on our profitability and financial results. 

We depend on our
teaming arrangements and relationships with other contractors and subcontractors. If we are not able to maintain these relationships, or if these parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or the customer, our revenues, profitability and growth
prospects could be adversely affected. 

We rely on our teaming relationships with other prime contractors and subcontractors in order to submit
bids for large procurements or other opportunities where we believe the combination of services and products provided by us and the other companies will help us to win and perform the contract. Our future revenues and growth prospects could be
adversely affected if other contractors eliminate or reduce their contract relationships with us, or if the U.S. Government terminates or reduces these other contractors’ programs, does not award them new contracts or refuses to pay under a
contract. Companies that do not have access to U.S. Government contracts may perform services as our subcontractor and that exposure could enhance such companies’ prospect of securing a future position as a prime U.S. Government contractor
which could increase competition for future contracts and impair our ability to perform on contracts. 

We may have disputes with our subcontractors
arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of a
subcontractor’s personnel or the subcontractor’s failure to comply with applicable law. Current uncertain economic conditions heighten the risk of financial stress of our subcontractors, which could adversely impact their ability to meet
their contractual requirements to us. If any of our subcontractors fail to timely meet their contractual obligations or have regulatory compliance or other problems, our ability to fulfill our obligations as a prime contractor or higher tier
subcontractor may be jeopardized. Significant losses could arise in future periods and subcontractor performance deficiencies could result in our termination for default. A termination for default could eliminate a revenue source, expose us to
liability and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and task orders, especially if the customer is an agency of the U.S. Government. 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  15 

Table of Contents

PART I 

We provide professional engineering and other services, including
engineering-procurement-construction, design build, project delivery and commissioning, in connection with complex projects that involve significant risks and may require long-term capital. 

In connection with certain projects, we may commit to a specific completion date or performance standards, which may expose us to significant additional costs and
reputational damage if we miss the completion date or fail to achieve the performance standards, including agreed upon financial damages. Project performance can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including delays from
governmental inaction, public opposition, inability to obtain financing, weather, unavailability of materials, changes in project scope, accidents, environmental hazards, labor disruptions and other factors. If we assume risks related to these
events, such risks may not be insurable or may only be insurable on unacceptable terms. If these events occur, the total project costs could exceed our estimates and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, incur a loss on a project,
which may reduce or eliminate overall profitability and have an adverse effect on our financial position and cash flows. 

In some projects, we may
commit substantial resources before receiving payments, either because of project cash flow timing or because we agree to delay payment for services until after project completion. We may also provide interim or other financing before the
project is completed or otherwise secures capital from other sources. If a project is not successful, if a customer is unable to repay us, or if any source of financing does not provide its anticipated capital, we could incur losses, including
amounts relating to work performed prior to execution of a customer contract or in connection with financing we provided, which would have an adverse effect on our financial position and cash flows. Tightening of credit or equity markets could
increase this risk, as customers or other financing sources may be unable to secure funds. 

Our services and operations sometimes
involve using, handling or disposing of hazardous substances, which could expose us to potentially significant liabilities. 

Our services and
operations involve the assessment or remediation of environmental hazards, as well as the use, handling or disposal of hazardous substances. These activities and our operations generally subject us to extensive foreign, federal, state and local
environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations, which, among other things, require us to incur costs to comply with these regulations and could impose liability on us for handling or disposing of hazardous substances.
Furthermore, failure to comply with these environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations could result in civil, criminal, regulatory, administrative or contractual sanctions, including fines, penalties or suspension or debarment
from contracting with the U.S. Government. Additionally, our current and previous ownership and operation of real property also subjects us to environmental protection laws, some of which hold current or previous owners or operators of businesses
and real property liable for hazardous substance releases, even if they did not know of and were not responsible for the releases. If we have any violations of, or incur liabilities pursuant to, these laws or regulations, our financial condition and
operating results could be adversely affected. 

We could incur significant liabilities and suffer negative publicity if our
inspection or detection systems fail to detect bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. 

We design, develop, manufacture, sell,
service and maintain various inspection systems that are designed to assist in the detection of bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. In some instances, we also train operators of such systems. Many of these systems utilize
software algorithms that are probabilistic in nature and subject to significant technical limitations. Many of these systems are also dependent on the performance of their operators. There are many factors, some of which are beyond our control,
which could result in the failure of our products to help detect the presence of bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. Some of these factors could include operator error, inherent limitations in our systems, and misuse or
malfunction of our systems. The failure of our systems to help detect the presence of any of these dangerous materials could lead to injury, death and extensive property damage and may lead to product liability, professional liability, or other
claims against us. Further, if our systems fail to, or are perceived to have failed to help detect a threat, the negative publicity from such incident could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from product and other liability claims or losses. 

We maintain insurance coverage with third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our contracts require us to maintain
specific insurance coverage limits. However, not every risk or liability is or can be protected by insurance, and, for those risks we insure, the limits of coverage we purchase or that are reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to
cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred. If any of our third-party insurers fail, cancel our coverage or otherwise are unable to provide us with adequate insurance coverage, then our overall risk exposure and our operational expenses would
increase and the management of our business operations would be disrupted. Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from significant product and other liability claims or losses. Moreover, there is a risk that commercially available liability
insurance will not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost, if at all. If liability claims or losses exceed our current or available insurance coverage, our business and prospects may be harmed. Regardless of the adequacy of our
liability insurance coverages, any significant claim may have an adverse affect on our industry and market reputation, leading to a substantial decrease in demand for our products and services and reduced revenues. 

16  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

We face risks associated with our international business. 

Our international business operations may be subject to additional and different risks than our U.S. business. Failure to comply with U.S. Government laws and
regulations applicable to international business such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or U.S. export control regulations could have an adverse impact on our business with the U.S. Government and could expose us to administrative, civil or
criminal penalties. Additionally, these risks relating to international operations may expose us to potentially significant contract losses. 

In some
countries, there is increased chance for economic, legal or political changes that may adversely affect the performance of our services, sale of our products or repatriation of our profits. International transactions can also involve increased
financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange rate variability, imposition of tariffs or additional taxes, restrictive trade policies and differing legal systems. We provide services and products in support of U.S. Government customers in
countries with governments that may be or may become unstable, which increases the risk of an incident resulting in injury or loss of life, or damage or destruction of property, or inability to meet our contractual obligations. Although our
international operations have historically generated a small proportion of our revenues, we do not know the impact that these regulatory, geopolitical and other factors may have on our business in the future and any of these factors could adversely
affect our business. 

Our financial results may be adversely affected by our underfunded United Kingdom pension plan.

Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the expense amount that we record for a pension plan that we sponsor in the United Kingdom
for plan participants that primarily performed services on a specific customer contract, which has expired. While benefits are no longer accruing under this plan, we have continuing defined benefit pension obligations with respect to certain plan
participants. 

We recognize all net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the
plans’ projected benefit obligation (which is referred to as the corridor) annually in continuing operations in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is remeasured, which may cause our pension expense in our fourth quarter
ending January 31 to be volatile and our financial results to fluctuate, potentially adversely. Our pension plan expense and the amount and timing of required contributions may also be affected by economic factors, such as the level of return
on pension plan assets and changes in interest rates, legislation and other government regulatory changes. 

We have only a limited
ability to protect our intellectual property rights, which are important to our success. Our failure to adequately protect our proprietary information and intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position.

We rely principally on trade secrets to protect much of our intellectual property in cases where we do not believe that patent protection is
appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although our employees are subject to confidentiality obligations, this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information. We
may be unable to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. If we
are unable to prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary information, our competitive position could be adversely affected. In addition, in connection with the performance of services,
the U.S. Government has certain rights to inventions, data, software codes and related material that we develop under government-funded contracts and subcontracts, which means that U.S. Government may disclose or license our information to third
parties, including, in some instances, our competitors. 

In the course of conducting our business, we may inadvertently infringe the intellectual
property rights of others, resulting in claims against us or our customers. Our contracts generally indemnify our customers for third-party claims for intellectual property infringement by the services and products we provide. The expense of
defending these claims may adversely affect our financial results. 

Business disruptions caused by natural disasters and other
crises could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position. 

We have significant operations located in regions of the
United States that may be exposed to damaging storms and other natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, blizzards, flooding, wildfires or earthquakes. Our business could also be disrupted by pandemics and other national or
international crises. Although preventative measures may help mitigate the damage from such occurrences, the damage and disruption to our business resulting from any of these events may be significant. If our insurance and other risk mitigation
mechanisms are not sufficient to recover all costs, including loss of revenues from sales to customers, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Performance failures and disruptions by our
subcontractors due to these types of events may also adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations on a prime contract, which could reduce our profitability due to damages or other costs that may not be fully recoverable from the
subcontractor or the customer and could result in a termination of the prime contract and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts. 

SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report  17 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period. 

Our financial results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. For these reasons, comparing our operating results
on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our financial results may be negatively affected by any of the risk factors listed in this “Risk
Factors” section and other matters described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks Relating to SAIC’s
Stock 

Provisions in SAIC’s charter documents and under Delaware law could delay or prevent transactions that many
stockholders may favor. 

Some provisions of SAIC’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying, discouraging or
preventing a merger or acquisition that our stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. These restrictions, which may also make it more difficult for our stockholders to
elect directors not endorsed by our current directors and management, include the following: 

•

 SAIC’s certificate of incorporation provides that its bylaws and certain provisions of its certificate of incorporation may be amended by only two-thirds or
more voting power of all of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. These supermajority voting requirements could impede our stockholders’ ability to make changes to SAIC’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

•

 SAIC’s certificate of incorporation contains certain supermajority voting provisions, which generally provide that mergers and certain other business
combinations between SAIC and a related person be approved by the holders of securities having at least 80% of SAIC’s outstanding voting power, as well as by the holders of a majority of the voting power of such securities that are not owned by
the related person. 

•

 SAIC’s stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of SAIC’s capital stock are limited in
their ability to take certain actions other than in connection with its annual stockholders’ meeting or a special meeting called at the request of qualified stockholders as provided in SAIC’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

•

 SAIC’s board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to authorize undesignated preferred
stock makes it possible for SAIC’s board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

As a Delaware corporation, SAIC is also subject to certain restrictions on business combinations. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business
combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years, or among other things, SAIC’s board of directors has approved the business combination or the transaction pursuant to which
such person became a 15% holder prior to the time the person became a 15% holder. 

Forward-Looking Statement Risks 

You may not be able to rely on forward-looking statements. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management’s belief and assumptions about the future in light of information currently available to our management. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,”
“estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue,” and similar words or phrases or the negative of these words or phrases. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable when made, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements. There are a number of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those results anticipated by our forward-looking statements, which include, but are not limited to: 

•

 uncertainties related to the CityTime settlement; 

•

 developments in the U.S. Government defense budget, including budget reductions, implementation of spending limits or changes in budgetary priorities, or delays
in the U.S. Government budget process; 

•

 delays in the U.S. Government contract procurement process or the award of contracts and delays or loss of contracts as a result of competitor protests;

•

 changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations, and practices; 

•

 our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; 

18  SAIC,
Inc. Annual Report 

Table of Contents

PART I 

•

 governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; 

•

 our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; 

•

 our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, and to obtain security clearances for our employees;

•

 our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; 

•

 cybersecurity, data security or other security threats, system failures or other disruptions of our business; 

•

 resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal or regulatory compliance issues; 

•

 our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; 

•

 our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; 

•

 our ability to manage performance and other risks related to customer contracts, including complex engineering or design build projects;

•

 the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; 

•

 the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims; 

•

 our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; and 

•

 our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face.

We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances,
changes in expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of those statements or to conform these statements to actual results.