. 

Investing in our securities involves risk. Set forth below and elsewhere in this report are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the
forward-looking and other statements contained in this report. We may amend or supplement these risk factors from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the future. 

Our 2007 Strategic Plan may not produce the benefits expected. 

In November 2007, the Company adopted the 2007 Strategic Plan. There is no guarantee that we will be able to implement the
2007 Strategic Plan on terms and conditions that are favorable to us. The timing of the implementation may be longer than expected. We may not be able to complete the planned divestitures on terms 

15 

Table of Contents

favorable to us. We may also experience a negative impact from our employees, customers and vendors. As such, the 2007 Strategic Plan may not produce the
benefits expected by the Company. These setbacks could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow from operations and the value of our common stock. 

Costs of raw materials could adversely affect our operating results. 

Raw material cost increases (and our ability to respond to cost increases through selling price increases) can significantly
impact our earnings. We typically have short-term commitments from our suppliers; therefore, our raw material costs move with the market. 

When we experience significant increases in raw material costs, we often attempt to implement price increases to recover the higher costs. We encounter
greater difficulty in implementing these price increases in businesses where we have a smaller market share and in products that are of a commodity nature. Inability to recover cost increases (or a delay in the recovery time) can negatively impact
our earnings. 

Steel is our most significant raw material. In
late 2007, we began seeing higher steel costs which are continuing into early 2008. The global steel and scrap markets are very cyclical in nature, and can result in large swings in margins from year-to-year. 

Our operations can also be impacted by the cost of other raw materials. In
2006, the cost of foam scrap increased steadily with the overall cost doubling from the prices at the end of 2005. In 2007, the cost of foam scrap decreased significantly. Since our carpet underlay selling prices are tied to the cost of foam scrap,
this cost decrease has impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our reported amount of carpet underlay sales. 

Higher raw material costs led some of our customers to modify their product designs, changing the quantity and mix of our components in their finished
goods. In some cases, higher cost components were replaced with lower cost components. This has primarily impacted our Residential Furnishings and Industrial Materials product mix and decreased profit margins. This trend could further negatively
impact our results of operations. 

We have exposure to economic and other
factors that may affect market demand for our products. 

As a supplier of products to a variety of industries, we are adversely affected by general economic downturns. Our operating performance is heavily influenced by market demand for our components and products. Market demand for the majority
of our products is most heavily influenced by consumer confidence. To a lesser extent, market demand is impacted by other broad economic factors, including disposable income levels, employment levels, housing turnover, energy costs and interest
rates. All of these factors influence consumer spending on durable goods, and therefore drive demand for our components and products. Some of these factors also influence business spending on facilities and equipment, which impacts approximately one
quarter of our sales. Significant changes in these economic factors may negatively impact the demand for our products and our results of operations. 

Asian competition could adversely affect our operating results. 

We operate in markets that are highly competitive. We believe that most companies in our lines of business compete primarily on price, but, depending upon
the particular product, we experience competition based on quality, performance and availability as well. We face increasing pressure from foreign competitors as some of our customers source a portion of their components and finished product from
Asia. If we are unable to purchase key raw materials, such as steel, at prices competitive with those of foreign suppliers, our ability to maintain market share and profit margins could be harmed. 

16 

Table of Contents

If our customers move production of their finished products overseas, we believe that our operations must
be located nearby to supply them efficiently. At December 31, 2007, we operated 12 facilities in China. If demand in China (and other foreign countries) increases at a more rapid rate than we are able to establish operations, our market share
and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

Also,
we have experienced increased price competition in the U.S. from foreign bedding component manufacturers. If this price competition continues we could lose further market share and our earnings could continue to be negatively impacted. 

We may not be able to improve operating results in the Store Fixtures business unit.

The Store Fixtures business unit in our Commercial
Fixturing & Components segment has been placed in the “Fix” category as a result of our 2007 Strategic Plan and given a 12 month deadline by which to improve performance. Factors within the Company’s control could contribute
to increased margins and earnings improvements in this unit. These factors include, but are not limited to addressing performance issues at underperforming facilities, and purchasing, pricing and continuous improvement initiatives. We have
initiated restructuring in the Store Fixtures business unit which includes the elimination of approximately $100 million of the unit’s least profitable revenue. However, through this restructuring activity we may not achieve the margin and
earnings improvements that we anticipate. The Store Fixtures business unit is part of the Fixture & Display group, which incurred goodwill impairment charges of $143 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. 

Our long-lived assets are subject to potential impairment. 

A significant portion of our assets consist of goodwill and other intangible
assets, the carrying value of which may be reduced if we determine that those assets are impaired. At December 31, 2007, goodwill and other intangible assets not held for sale represented approximately $1.2 billion, or 29% of our total assets.
In addition, net property, plant and equipment, sundry assets and non-current assets held for sale totaled approximately $1,075 million, or approximately 26% of total assets. 

Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually, and as triggering events may occur. Other long-lived assets are tested for
recoverability whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We conduct impairment testing based on our current business strategy in light of present industry and economic conditions, as well as future
expectations. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we conducted interim impairment testing as a result of the changes announced with the 2007 Strategic Plan and determined that some long-lived assets were impaired. For the year ended December 31,
2007, we incurred goodwill impairment of $243 million, and long-lived asset impairment of $44 million. If our business units do not perform as expected we may be required to recognize additional, material reductions in our net income caused by the
impairment of long-lived assets. 

Also, as of December 31,
2007 the Company had $481 million of net assets classified as held for sale, of which $15 million represented assets not associated with the 2007 Strategic Plan. If the proceeds generated from these divestitures do not recover their carrying value,
the Company will be required to recognize losses on the sale of these assets to the extent of the shortfall. 

We are exposed to foreign currency risk. 

We expect that international sales will continue to represent a significant percentage of our total sales, which exposes us to currency exchange rate fluctuations. In 2007, 26% of our sales from continuing operations
was generated by international operations. The revenues and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies; however, certain of our operations experience currency-related gains and losses where sales or purchases
are denominated in currencies other than their local currency. Further, our competitive position may be affected by the relative strength of the currencies in countries where our products are sold. We cannot predict whether foreign currency exchange
risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our future operations and financial results. 

17 

Table of Contents