Investing in our securities involves risk. Set forth below and elsewhere in this report are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the
forward-looking and other statements contained in this report. We may amend or supplement these risk factors from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the future. 

Costs of raw materials could adversely affect our operating results. 

Raw material cost increases (and our ability to respond to cost increases through selling price increases) can significantly
impact our earnings. Steel is our largest raw material. During 2004 the price of certain types of steel nearly doubled. In 2005, market prices for most types of steel were slightly lower at the end of the year than at the beginning of the year.
Although we anticipate the costs for steel to stabilize, the future pricing of steel is uncertain and could increase in 2006 even beyond current levels. 

17 

Table of Contents

The price increases in the steel market during 2004 led to an above average spread between scrap costs
and rod prices. This spread continued throughout 2005, enhancing the earnings of our rod mill. We expect that the spread between the price of steel rod and steel scrap will narrow in 2006. If this occurs, it will negatively impact our results of
operations. 

Our operations can also be impacted by other raw
materials, including those affected by changes in oil prices, such as chemicals, fibers and resins, as well as aluminum and lumber. Throughout 2005, but particularly in the last half of the year, we experienced higher costs associated with the oil
based raw materials. We may not be able to pass along future cost increases through selling price increases. 

In 2005, higher raw material costs led some of our customers to modify their product designs, changing the quantity and mix of our components in their
finished goods. In some cases, our higher cost components were replaced with lower cost components. This has impacted our Residential Furnishings product mix and decreased profit margins. We expect this to continue to be an issue in 2006 and could
negatively impact our results of operations. 

We may not be able to improve
operating performance in our Fixture & Display group. 

Our Fixture & Display group has experienced deterioration in profitability in recent years. We were hampered in our efforts to improve operating margins in 2005 by new program start-up costs and integration inefficiencies
associated with the RHC Spacemaster acquisition. In September 2005, we announced a Restructuring Plan where eight facilities in the Fixture & Display group have been or will be consolidated, sold, or closed. We have estimated that our
Fixture & Display group productive capacity will be reduced by approximately $100 million pursuant to the Restructuring Plan. If margins do not improve in the Fixture & Display group, we may incur further charges as we pursue
additional restructuring activities in this group. For further information on our Restructuring Plan, see Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation beginning on page 28. 

Asian competition could adversely affect our operating results. 

We operate in markets that are highly competitive. Depending on the
particular product, we experience competition based on a number of factors, including quality, performance, price and availability. We face increasing pressure from foreign competitors as some of our customers source a portion of their components
and finished product from Asia. If we are unable to purchase key raw materials, such as steel, aluminum and chemicals, at prices competitive with those of foreign suppliers, our ability to maintain market share and profit margins could likewise be
harmed. 

Also, if our customers move production of their
finished products overseas, we believe that our operations must be located nearby to supply them efficiently, which is particularly true in China. At the end of 2005, we operated 11 facilities in China. If demand in China (and other foreign
countries) increases at a more rapid rate than we are able to establish operations in these countries, our market share and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

We may fail to meet our acquisition growth goals. 

One of our growth strategies is to increase our sales and earnings and expand our markets through acquisitions. In 2005 the
Company acquired 12 businesses, including the third largest acquisition in our history in terms of revenue. We expect these acquisitions to add approximately $320 million in annual revenue. 

18 

Table of Contents

Furthermore, we expect to continue to make acquisitions in the future when appropriate opportunities arise. However, we may not be able to identify and
successfully negotiate suitable acquisitions that are sufficient to meet our goals. Further, our acquired companies may encounter unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant financial and managerial resources, which would otherwise
be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. Our operating results may be adversely affected if we do not achieve our acquisition growth goals. 

Higher energy costs could adversely affect our operating results. 

Higher prices for natural gas, electricity and fuel increase our production and delivery costs. Many of our large
manufacturing operations are heavy users of natural gas and electricity. In addition, certain of our sales are made with terms such that we incur the fuel cost associated with delivering the product to our customer’s facility. Energy costs
increased throughout 2005 but especially in the last half of the year, in part due to supply disruptions caused by hurricanes. Our inability to respond to these cost increases (by raising selling prices) could negatively affect our operating
results. 

We have exposure to economic factors that may affect market demand
for our products. 

As a supplier of products to a variety
of industries, we are adversely affected by general economic downturns. Our operating performance is heavily influenced by market demand for our components and products. This market demand is impacted by many broad economic factors, including
consumer confidence, employment levels, housing turnover, energy costs and interest rates. These factors influence consumer spending on durable goods, and therefore drive demand for our components and products. Some of these factors also influence
the level of business spending on facilities and equipment, which impacts approximately one quarter of our sales. Significant changes in these economic factors may negatively impact the demand for our products and our results of operations.

Our assets are subject to potential goodwill impairment. 

A significant portion of our assets consists of goodwill and other
intangible assets, the carrying value of which may be reduced if we determine that those assets are impaired. As of December 31, 2005, goodwill and other intangible assets represented approximately $1.2 billion, or 30% of our total assets. We
test goodwill and other assets for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances indicate an impairment may exist. We could be required to recognize reductions in our net income caused by the impairment of goodwill and other intangibles,
which, if significant, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

As disclosed above, our Fixture & Display group has experienced deterioration in profitability compared to historical levels. We expect that the Restructuring Plan will lead to improved earnings in the
Fixture & Display group. About $300 million of goodwill is associated with the Fixture & Display group. If our earnings in this group do not improve, a goodwill impairment charge against earnings may be required. 

We are exposed to foreign currency risk. 

We expect that international sales will continue to represent a significant
percentage of our total sales, which exposes us to currency exchange rate fluctuations. In 2005, 21% of our sales were generated by international operations. The revenues and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local
currencies; however, certain of our operations experience currency-related gains and losses where sales or purchases are denominated in currencies other than their local currency. We currently engage in limited currency hedging transactions.
Further, our competitive position may be affected by the relative strength of the currencies in countries where our products are sold. We cannot predict whether foreign currency exchange risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will
have a material adverse effect on our future operations and financial results. 

19 

Table of Contents