. 

Investing in our securities involves risk. Set forth below and
elsewhere in this report are risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. We may amend or supplement these risk factors from time to time
by other reports we file with the SEC. 

We have exposure to economic and
other factors that affect market demand for our products. 

As a supplier of products to a variety of industries, we are adversely affected by general economic downturns. Our operating performance is heavily influenced by market demand for our components and
products. Market demand for the majority of our products is most heavily influenced by consumer confidence. To a lesser extent, market demand is impacted by other broad economic factors, including disposable income levels, employment levels, housing
turnover, energy costs and interest rates. All of these factors influence consumer spending on durable goods, and drive demand for our products. Some of these factors also influence business spending on facilities and equipment, which impacts
approximately one-quarter of our sales. 

Demand
weakness in the majority of our markets in 2009 led to lower unit orders, sales and earnings in our businesses. Several factors, including a weak global economy, a depressed housing market, and low consumer confidence contributed to conservative
spending habits by consumers around the world. Short lead times in most of our markets allow for limited visibility into demand trends; however, we currently expect market demand to stabilize at these lower levels. If economic and market conditions
remain depressed or deteriorate further, we may experience material negative impacts on our business, financial condition, operating cash flows and results of operations. 

21 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Deteriorating financial condition of our customers could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

We serve customers in a variety of industries, some of which
are experiencing unprecedented decreases in demand that began in late 2008 and have continued through 2009, due to the weak global economy. While we currently expect markets to stabilize, a sustained economic downturn increases the possibility that
one or more of our significant customers, or a group of less significant customers, could become insolvent, which could adversely impact our sales, net earnings, financial condition, cash flow and liquidity. 

Costs of raw materials could adversely affect our operating results. 

Raw material cost increases (and our ability to respond to cost
increases through selling price increases) can significantly impact our earnings. We typically have short-term commitments from our suppliers; therefore, our raw material costs move with the market. When we experience significant increases in raw
material costs, we attempt to implement price increases to recover the higher costs. Inability to recover cost increases (or a delay in the recovery time) can negatively impact our earnings. Also, raw material cost decreases generally allow us to
pass through reduced selling prices to our customers. Reduced selling prices tied to higher cost inventory reduces our segment margins and earnings. 

Steel is our most significant raw material. The global steel markets are cyclical in nature and have been extremely volatile in recent years.
This volatility can result in large swings in pricing and margins from year to year. Our operations can also be impacted by changes in the cost of foam scrap. We experienced significant fluctuations in the cost of this commodity in recent years.

Higher raw material costs in recent years led
some of our customers to modify their product designs, changing the quantity and mix of our components in their finished goods. In some cases, higher cost components were replaced with lower cost components. This has primarily impacted our
Residential Furnishings and Industrial Materials product mix and decreased profit margins. This trend could further negatively impact our results of operations. 

We may not be able to realize deferred tax assets on our balance sheet depending upon the amount and source of future taxable income. 

Our ability to realize deferred tax assets on our balance sheet
is dependent upon the amount and source of future taxable income. Continued economic uncertainty could change our underlying assumptions on which valuation reserves are established and negatively affect future period earnings and balance sheets.

Asian competition could adversely affect our operating results. 

We operate in markets that are highly
competitive. We believe that most companies in our lines of business compete primarily on price, but, depending upon the particular product, we experience competition based on quality, performance and availability as well. We face ongoing pressure
from foreign competitors as some of our customers source a

22 

Table of Contents

PART I 

portion of their components and finished products from Asia. If we are unable to purchase key raw materials, such as steel, at prices competitive with those of foreign suppliers, our ability to
maintain market share and profit margins could be harmed. 

Our goodwill
and other long-lived assets are subject to potential impairment. 

A significant portion of our assets consists of goodwill and other long-lived assets, the carrying value of which may be reduced if we determine that those assets are impaired. At December 31, 2009,
goodwill and other intangible assets represented approximately $1.1 billion, or approximately 36% of our total assets. In addition, net property, plant and equipment, sundry assets and non-current assets held for sale totaled approximately $748
million, or approximately 24% of total assets. 

We
review our ten reporting units for potential goodwill impairment in June as part of our annual goodwill impairment testing, and more often if an event or circumstance occurs making it likely that impairment exists. In addition, we test for the
recoverability of long-lived assets at year end, and more often if an event or circumstance indicates the carrying value may not be recoverable. We conduct impairment testing based on our current business strategy in light of present industry and
economic conditions, as well as future expectations. The annual goodwill impairment review performed in June 2009 indicated no goodwill impairments. Goodwill associated with reporting units whose fair values exceeded the carrying value by 10-20% was
$373.4 million; $112.3 million of goodwill was associated with reporting units that had 20-30% excess fair value; and $442.5 million of goodwill was associated with reporting units that had fair values in excess of the carrying values by greater
than 30%. In the fourth quarter of 2009, we recorded a goodwill impairment in discontinued operations of $3.0 million for our Storage Products Unit because the carrying value of the assets held for sale exceeded fair value less costs to sell. Fair
value and the resulting impairment charge were based primarily upon offers from potential buyers. 

For the year ended 2009, other long-lived asset impairments were $2.8 million, substantially all of which were in continuing operations, for
fixed assets to reflect estimates of fair value less costs to sell. 

If actual results differ from the assumptions and estimates used in the goodwill and long-lived asset calculations, we could incur future (unanticipated) impairment charges, which could negatively impact
our results of operations. 

We are exposed to foreign currency risk. 

We expect that international sales will continue
to represent a significant percentage of our total sales, which exposes us to currency exchange rate fluctuations. In 2009, 25% of our sales from continuing operations were generated by international operations. The revenues and expenses of our
foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies; however, certain of our operations experience currency-related gains and losses where sales or purchases are denominated in currencies other than their local currency. Further, our
competitive position may be affected by the relative strength of the currencies in countries where our products are sold. Foreign currency exchange risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries may have a material adverse effect on our
future operations and financial results. 

23 

Table of Contents

PART I