. 

Investing in our securities involves risk. Set forth below and elsewhere in this report are risk factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. We may amend or supplement these risk factors from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC. 

We have exposure to economic and other factors that affect market demand for our products.

As a supplier of products to a variety of industries, we
are adversely affected by general economic downturns. Our operating performance is heavily influenced by market demand for our components and products. Market demand for the majority of our products is most heavily influenced by consumer confidence.
To a lesser extent, market demand is impacted by other broad economic factors, including disposable income levels, employment levels, housing turnover, energy costs and interest rates. All of these factors influence consumer spending on durable
goods, and drive demand for our products. Some of these factors also influence business spending on facilities and equipment, which impacts approximately one quarter of our sales. 

Demand weakness in the U.S. home-related, retail, and other markets has led to lower unit order activity, sales and earnings
in our businesses. Several factors, including a weak U.S. economy, higher energy costs, a depressed housing market, and low consumer confidence contributed to conservative spending habits by U.S. consumers. Late in the third quarter of 2008, our
markets weakened appreciably as consumers further reined in spending during this period of credit concerns and stock market volatility. Short lead times in most of our markets allow for limited long-term visibility into demand trends; however, we
currently expect market demand to be soft in 2009. If economic and market conditions remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we may experience material negative impacts on our business, financial condition, operating cash flows and results of
operations. 

21 

Table of Contents

PART I 

U.S. and global financial and credit market volatility could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

We continue to monitor our financial position, results of operations, cash
flows and liquidity in light of the recent distress in the financial and credit markets. Further changes in the financial or credit markets could adversely affect us in several different areas as discussed below. 

Due to the recent tightening of credit markets and concerns regarding the
availability of credit, our customers may be delayed in obtaining, or may not be able to obtain, necessary cash for their purchases. Additionally, our suppliers could be negatively impacted by the current credit and financial market conditions
causing delays in product deliveries to us. These delays could negatively impact our customers’ and/or suppliers’ ability to conduct business and could adversely affect our unit volume and revenues, and therefore harm our business,
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

Recent deterioration in the securities markets has also impacted asset values of our defined benefit plans. Plan assets and liabilities are measured at December 31 of each year. At December 31, 2008, our defined benefit plans were
under-funded by approximately $29 million, which represented 13% of the plans’ benefit obligations. Changes in the value of plan assets did not have an impact on the 2008 income statement, however reduced benefit plan assets will result in
increased costs in 2009 and may increase the amount or accelerate the timing of required future funding contributions. 

Cash equivalents, short-term investments and derivative financial instruments are subject to market value and counterparty risks. Changes in the fair
value of these items may adversely impact our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. These balances could also be impacted if the counterparties are unable to meet their commitments in accordance with the terms of
agreements. 

Costs of raw materials could adversely affect our operating results. 

Raw material cost increases (and our ability to respond to
cost increases through selling price increases) can significantly impact our earnings. We typically have short-term commitments from our suppliers; therefore, our raw material costs move with the market. 

Steel is our most significant raw material. In late 2007 we began seeing
higher steel costs, and further increases occurred in 2008. The global steel markets are very cyclical in nature, and can result in large swings in pricing and margins from year to year. Our operations can also be impacted by changes in the cost of
foam scrap. We experienced significant fluctuations in the cost of this commodity in recent years. 

When we experience significant increases in raw material costs, we implement price increases to recover the higher costs. Inability to recover cost
increases (or a delay in the recovery time) can negatively impact our earnings. 

Also, higher raw material costs led some of our customers to modify their product designs, changing the quantity and mix of our components in their finished goods. In some 

22 

Table of Contents

PART I 

cases, higher cost components were replaced with lower cost components. This has primarily impacted our Residential Furnishings and Industrial Materials
product mix and decreased profit margins. This trend could further negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our debt instrument ratings may be further downgraded which will increase our cost of borrowing, reduce our ability to issue commercial paper and may negatively impact our
liquidity. 

We have maintained a debt rating in the
“A” category (from Moody’s and Standard and Poor’s) on our term notes and public debt for over a decade. On November 12, 2008, Moody’s downgraded the Company’s long term debt rating from “A2” to
“A3” and our commercial paper rating from “P1” to “P2” citing accelerating contraction in residential and automotive related consumer spending. Also, on November 25, 2008, S&P downgraded the Company’s
long-term corporate credit and senior unsecured debt ratings from “A” to “A-” and our short-term and commercial paper ratings from “A-1” to “A-2” citing weak market conditions and financial policies that
include a high dividend payout and share repurchases. In addition, both Moody’s and S&P assigned a negative outlook to each of their respective ratings. If the rating agencies were to further downgrade our debt instruments, this may have a
negative effect on our cost of borrowing, our ability to issue commercial paper and ultimately on our liquidity. For further information regarding our debt ratings refer to page 58. 

We may not be able to realize deferred tax assets on our balance sheet depending upon the amount and source of future taxable income.

Our ability to realize deferred tax assets on our balance
sheet is dependent upon the amount and source of future taxable income. Continued economic uncertainty could change our underlying assumptions on which valuation reserves are established and negatively affect future period earnings and balance
sheets. 

Asian competition could adversely affect our operating results.

We operate in markets that are highly competitive. We
believe that most companies in our lines of business compete primarily on price, but, depending upon the particular product, we experience competition based on quality, performance and availability as well. We face increasing pressure from foreign
competitors as some of our customers source a portion of their components and finished products from Asia. If we are unable to purchase key raw materials, such as steel, at prices competitive with those of foreign suppliers, our ability to maintain
market share and profit margins could be harmed. 

Our long-lived assets are subject to
potential asset impairment. 

A significant portion of our
assets consist of goodwill and other intangible assets, the carrying value of which may be reduced if we determine that those assets are impaired. At December 31, 2008, goodwill and other intangible assets not held for sale represented
approximately $1.07 billion, or approximately 34% of our total assets. In addition, net property, plant and equipment, sundry assets and non-current assets held for sale totaled approximately $782 million, or approximately 25% of total assets.

23 

Table of Contents

PART I 

We review for potential goodwill impairment on an annual basis as part of our goodwill impairment testing in the second quarter of each year, and more
often, if an event or circumstance occurs making it likely that impairment exists. In addition, we test for the recoverability of long-lived assets at year end, and more often if an event or circumstance indicates the carrying value may not be
recoverable. We conduct impairment testing based on our current business strategy in light of present industry and economic conditions, as well as future expectations. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we conducted interim impairment testing as a
result of the changes announced with the 2007 Strategic Plan and determined that some long-lived assets were impaired. For the year ended December 31, 2007, we incurred goodwill impairment of $243 million, and long-lived asset impairment of $44
million. 

The annual goodwill impairment review performed in
June 2008 indicated no goodwill impairments. As a result of the deterioration in the economic and financial climate in the fourth quarter of 2008, interim goodwill and other long-lived asset impairment analyses were performed in the fourth quarter.
The goodwill analysis confirmed that fair values exceeded carrying value for all reporting units. Future cash flow assumptions were reduced to reflect lower sales and production levels for 2009 and 2010, returning to historical levels thereafter.
Other long-lived asset impairment charges of $12 million were recorded in the fourth quarter 2008. 

Throughout 2008, we recorded $26 million of goodwill and $6 million of other long-lived asset impairments related to businesses held for sale as updated
estimates of fair value less costs to sell became more certain. 

If actual results differ from estimates used in these calculations, the Company could incur future (unanticipated) impairment charges. 

We are exposed to foreign currency risk. 

We expect that international sales will continue to represent a significant percentage of our total sales, which exposes us to currency exchange rate
fluctuations. In 2008, 26% of our sales from continuing operations was generated by international operations. The revenues and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies; however, certain of our operations
experience currency-related gains and losses where sales or purchases are denominated in currencies other than their local currency. Further, our competitive position may be affected by the relative strength of the currencies in countries where our
products are sold. Foreign currency exchange risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries may have a material adverse effect on our future operations and financial results.