. 

The following are what we believe to be the principal risks that could cause a material adverse effect upon our business, financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies and prospects. 

Homebuilding Market and Economic Risks 

The homebuilding industry has experienced a significant downturn. A continuing decline in demand for new homes coupled with an increase in the inventory of available new homes and alternatives to new homes could adversely affect our
sales volume and pricing even more than has occurred to date. 

The homebuilding industry has experienced a significant downturn. As a result, we have experienced a significant decline in demand for newly built homes in almost all of our markets. Homebuilders’
inventories of unsold new homes have increased as a result of increased cancellation rates on pending contracts as new homebuyers sometimes find it more advantageous to forfeit a deposit than to complete the purchase of the home. In addition, an
oversupply of alternatives to new homes, such as rental properties and used homes (including foreclosed homes), has depressed prices and reduced margins. This combination of lower demand and higher inventories affects both the number of homes we can
sell and the prices at which we can sell them. In 2008 and 2009, we experienced periods of significant decline in our sales results, significant reductions in our margins as a result of higher levels of sales incentives and price concessions, and a
higher than normal cancellation rate. We have no basis for predicting how long demand and supply will remain out of balance in markets where we operate or whether sales volumes or pricing will return to prior levels. 

Demand for new homes is sensitive to economic conditions over which we
have no control, such as the availability of mortgage financing and the level of employment. 

Demand for new homes is sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income,
the availability of financing and interest rate levels. During 2008 and 2009, the mortgage lending industry experienced significant instability. As a result of increased default rates,

10 

particularly (but not entirely) with regard to sub-prime and other non-conforming loans, many lenders have reduced their willingness to make, and tightened their credit requirements with regard
to, residential mortgage loans. Fewer loan products, stricter loan qualification standards and higher down payment requirements have made it more difficult for some borrowers to finance the purchase of our homes. Although our finance company
subsidiaries offer mortgage loans to potential buyers of most of the homes we build, we may no longer be able to offer financing terms that are attractive to our potential buyers. Lack of availability of mortgage financing at acceptable rates
reduces demand for the homes we build, including in some instances causing potential buyers to cancel contracts they have signed. 

There has also been a substantial loss of jobs in the United States during 2008 and 2009. People who are not employed or are concerned about
loss of their jobs are unlikely to purchase new homes and may be forced to try to sell the homes they own. Therefore, the current employment situation can adversely affect us both by reducing demand for the homes we build and by increasing the
supply of homes for sale. 

Mortgage defaults by homebuyers
who financed homes using non-traditional financing products are increasing the number of homes available for resale. 

During the period of high demand in the homebuilding industry, many homebuyers financed their purchases using non-traditional adjustable rate
or interest only mortgages or other mortgages, including sub-prime mortgages that involved, at least during initial years, monthly payments that were significantly lower than those required by conventional fixed rate mortgages. As a result, new
homes became more affordable. However, as monthly payments for these homes have increased either as a result of increasing adjustable interest rates or as a result of principal payments coming due, some of these homebuyers have defaulted on their
payments and had their homes foreclosed, which has increased the inventory of homes available for resale. This is likely to continue. Foreclosure sales and other distress sales may result in further declines in market prices for homes. In an
environment of declining home prices, many homebuyers may delay purchases of homes in anticipation of lower prices in the future. In addition, as lenders perceive deterioration in credit quality among homebuyers, lenders have been eliminating some
of the available non-traditional and sub-prime financing products and increasing the qualifications needed for mortgages or adjusting their terms to address increased credit risk. In general, to the extent mortgage rates increase or lenders make it
more difficult for prospective buyers to finance home purchases, it becomes more difficult or costly for customers to purchase our homes, which has an adverse effect on our sales volume. 

We have had to take significant write-downs of the carrying values of the land we own and of our investments in
unconsolidated entities, and a continuing decline in land values could result in additional write-downs. 

Some of the land we currently own was purchased at high prices and have been written down to fair value as a result of current market
conditions. Also, we obtained options to purchase land at prices that no longer are attractive, and in connection with those options we made non-refundable deposits and, in some instances, incurred pre-acquisition costs. When demand fell, we were
required to take significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory and we elected not to exercise high price options, even though that required us to forfeit deposits and write-off pre-acquisition costs. 

Additionally, as a result of these market conditions, we
recorded significant valuation adjustments to our investments in unconsolidated entities and recorded our share of valuation adjustments relative to assets of our unconsolidated entities. 

The combination of land inventory impairments, write-offs of option deposits and pre-acquisition costs and
valuation adjustments relating to our investments in unconsolidated entities had a material negative effect on our operating results for fiscal 2007, 2008 and 2009, contributing to most of our net loss in fiscal 2008 and 2009. If market conditions
continue to deteriorate, some of our assets may be subject to further write-downs in the future, decreasing the assets reflected on our balance sheet and adversely affecting our stockholders’ equity. 

Inflation can adversely affect us, particularly in a period of declining
home sale prices. 

Inflation can have a
long-term impact on us because increasing costs of land, materials and labor require us to attempt to increase the sale prices of homes in order to maintain satisfactory margins. Although an excess of supply over demand for new homes, such as the
one we are currently experiencing, requires that we reduce prices, rather than increase them, it does not necessarily result in reductions, or prevent increases, in the costs of materials and labor. Under those circumstances, the effect of cost
increases is to reduce the margins on the homes we sell. That makes it more difficult for us to recover the full cost of previously purchased land, and has contributed to the significant reductions in the value of our land inventory. 

11 

We face significant competition in our efforts to sell new homes. 

The homebuilding industry is highly competitive. We compete in
each of our markets with numerous national, regional and local homebuilders. This competition with other homebuilders could reduce the number of homes we deliver or cause us to accept reduced margins in order to maintain sales volume. 

We also compete with the resale of existing homes, including
foreclosed homes, sales by housing speculators and available rental housing. As demand for homes has slowed, competition, including competition with homes purchased for speculation rather than as places to live and competition with foreclosed homes,
has created increased downward pressure on the prices at which we are able to sell homes, as well as upon the number of homes we can sell. 

Operational Risks 

Homebuilding is subject to warranty and liability claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant. 

As a homebuilder, we are subject to home warranty and
construction defect claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We are also subject to liability claims for injuries that occur in the course of construction activities. We record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on
historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we built. We have, and many of our subcontractors have, general liability, property, errors and omissions, workers compensation and
other business insurance. These insurance policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits. However, because of the uncertainties inherent in
these matters, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage or our subcontractors’ insurance and financial resources will be adequate to address all warranty, construction defect and liability claims in the future. Additionally, the
coverage offered and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently limited and costly. As a result, an increasing number of our subcontractors are unable to obtain insurance, and we have in many cases waived
our customary insurance requirements. There can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted and become even more costly. 

Performance of subcontractors and quality and suitability of building materials. 

We rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and
obtain raw materials. Despite our detailed specifications and quality control procedures, in some cases, improper construction processes or defective materials, such as Chinese drywall, were used in the construction of our homes. When we find these
issues, we repair them in accordance with our warranty obligations. Defective products widely used by the homebuilding industry can result in the need to perform extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. The cost to the Company in complying with
our warranty obligations in these cases may be significant if we are unable to recover the cost of repair from subcontractors, materials suppliers and insurers. 

Natural disasters and severe weather conditions could delay deliveries, increase costs and decrease demand for new homes in affected areas. 

Many of our homebuilding operations are
conducted in areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather. The occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories and negatively impact the demand for
new homes in affected areas. Furthermore, if our insurance does not fully cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources could be adversely affected. 

Supply shortages and other risks related to the demand for skilled labor
and building materials could increase costs and delay deliveries. 

Increased costs or shortages of skilled labor and/or lumber, framing, concrete, steel and other building materials could cause increases in construction costs and construction delays. We generally are
unable to pass on increases in construction costs to customers who have already entered into sales contracts, as those sales contracts generally fix the price of the homes at the time the contracts are signed, which may be well in advance of the
construction of the home. Sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins, particularly if pricing competition restricts our ability to pass on any additional costs of materials or labor, thereby decreasing our margins.

12 

Reduced numbers of home sales could lead us to absorb additional costs. 

We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a
community. These include costs of preparing land and installing roads, sewage and other utilities, as well as taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. Reducing the rate at which we build homes extends
the length of time it takes us to recover these costs. Also, we frequently acquire options to purchase land and make deposits that will be forfeited if we do not exercise the options within specified periods. Because of current market conditions, we
have had to terminate a number of these options, resulting in significant forfeitures of deposits we made with regard to the options, and in some instances, pre-acquisition costs we incurred with regard to properties that were the subject of options
we terminated. 

If our financial performance further
declines, we may not be able to maintain compliance with the covenants in our credit facilities and senior debt securities. 

Our $1.1 billion Credit Facility imposes certain restrictions on our operations. The most significant restrictions relate to debt incurrence,
sales of assets other than in the ordinary course of business, cash distributions and investments by us and certain of our subsidiaries. In addition, our Credit Facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants, including a minimum
adjusted consolidated tangible net worth requirement and a maximum permitted leverage ratio. Also, because we currently do not have investment grade debt ratings, we can only borrow up to specified percentages of the book values of various types of
our assets, referred to in the credit agreement as our borrowing base. Our unrestricted cash in excess of $750 million is excluded from our borrowing base. Because of these limitations, we were unable to borrow under the Credit Facility for a
majority of 2009. 

While we currently are in
compliance with the financial covenants in the Credit Facility agreement, it is possible that in fiscal 2010 we will not be in compliance with our covenants if we have significant valuation adjustments and other write-offs during the year, issue
debt and/or make significant investments in strategic joint ventures. If we are not in compliance and are unable to obtain a waiver or amendment to the Credit Facility, then it would constitute a default with regard to our Credit Facility, which
would give the lenders the right to terminate the Credit Facility and require us to replace or cash collateralize $177.9 million of letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Facility as of November 30, 2009. If our lenders required us to
replace or cash collateralize the letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Facility and we were unable to do so, that might entitle the holders of $2.2 billion of debt securities we have sold into the capital markets to cause the sums
evidenced by those debt securities to become due immediately. We would not be able to repay those amounts without selling substantial assets, which we might have to do at prices well below the fair values, and the carrying values, of the assets.
Such forced sales would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

We may be unable to obtain suitable financing and bonding for the development of our communities. 

Our business depends upon our ability to finance the development of our residential communities and to provide bonds to ensure the completion
of our projects. We have in the past used our Credit Facility to finance development activities and we currently use it to provide or secure some of the bonds we need. In addition, we have from time-to-time raised funds by selling debt securities
into public and private capital markets, although this is expensive, and could be difficult, to do under current market conditions. The willingness of lenders to make funds available to us has been affected both by factors relating to us as a
borrower, and by a decrease in the willingness of banks and other lenders to lend to homebuilders generally. If we were unable to finance the development of our communities, or if we were unable to provide required surety bonds for our projects, our
business operations and revenues could suffer materially. 

Our ability to continue to grow our business and operations in a profitable manner depends to a significant extent upon our ability to access capital on favorable terms. 

Our ability to access capital on favorable terms has been an
important factor in growing our business and operations in a profitable manner. In 2007 and 2008, each of the principal credit rating agencies lowered our credit ratings, and we no longer have investment grade ratings. This makes it more costly, and
could make it more difficult, for us to access the debt capital markets for funds we may require in order to implement our business plans and achieve our growth objectives. If we are subject to a further downgrade, it would exacerbate such
difficulties. 

13 

Increased debt costs will make it more difficult for us to have positive net income.

In April 2009, we sold $400 million
principal amount of 12.25% senior notes due 2017. During fiscal 2009, we retired approximately $448 million principal amount of senior notes and other debt. The annual interest cost of the debt we retired was approximately $29 million, while the
annual interest cost of the notes we sold in April 2009 is approximately $49 million. Thus, during the year we increased the annual interest cost of our outstanding debt securities by approximately $20 million. This affected our results of
operations in fiscal 2009 and will affect our results in 2010 and subsequent years. It could make it more difficult for us to achieve positive net income. 

The repurchase warehouse credit facilities of our Financial Services segment will expire in 2010. 

Our Financial Services segment has two warehouse repurchase
facilities with a maximum aggregate commitment of $200 million and $100 million, respectively, that mature in June 2010 and another warehouse repurchase facility with a maximum aggregate commitment of $125 million that matures in July 2010. The
Financial Services segment uses these facilities to finance its mortgage lending activities until the mortgage loans are sold to investors and expects both facilities to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. If we are unable
to renew or replace these facilities when they mature, it could seriously impede the activities of our Financial Services segment. 

We conduct some of our operations through unconsolidated joint ventures with independent third parties in which we do not have a controlling interest
and we can be adversely impacted by joint venture partners’ failure to fulfill their obligations. 

For a number of years, we created and participated in joint ventures that acquired and developed land for our homebuilding operations, for
sale to third parties or for use in their own homebuilding operations. Through these joint ventures, we reduced the amount we had to invest in order to assure access to potential future homesites, and, in some instances, we obtained access to land
to which we could not otherwise have obtained access or could not have obtained access on as favorable terms. However, as the homebuilding market deteriorated beginning in 2006, many of our joint venture partners became financially unable or
unwilling to fulfill their obligations. 

Most
joint ventures borrowed money to help finance their activities, and although recourse on the loans was generally limited to the joint ventures and their properties, frequently we and our joint venture partners were required to provide maintenance
guarantees (guarantees that the values of the joint ventures’ assets would be at least specified percentages of their borrowings) or limited repayment guarantees. 

Our joint venture strategy depends in large part on the ability of our joint venture partners to perform their obligations
under our agreements with them. If a joint venture partner does not perform its obligations, we may be required to make significant financial expenditures or otherwise undertake the performance of obligations not satisfied by our partner at
significant cost to us. Also, when we have guaranteed joint venture obligations, we have been given the right to be reimbursed by our joint venture partners for any amounts by which we pay more than our pro rata share of the joint ventures’
obligations. However, particularly if our joint venture partners are having financial problems, we may have difficulty collecting the sums they owe us, and therefore, we may be required to pay a disproportionately large portion of the guaranteed
amounts. In addition, because we lack a controlling interest in these joint ventures, we are usually unable to require that they sell assets, return invested capital or take any other action without the consent of at least one of our joint venture
partners. As a result, without joint venture partner consent, we may be unable to liquidate our joint venture investments to generate cash. Even if we are able to liquidate joint venture investments, the amounts received upon liquidation may be
insufficient to cover the costs we have incurred in satisfying joint venture obligations. 

During 2007, 2008 and 2009, we have significantly reduced the number of joint ventures in which we participate and our exposure to recourse indebtedness of such joint ventures. However, the risks to us
from joint ventures in which we are a participant are likely to continue at least as long as the value of residential properties continues to decline. 

The unconsolidated entities in which we have investments may not be able to modify the terms of their debt arrangements. 

Some of the unconsolidated entities’ debt arrangements
contain financial covenants they may not be able to meet. Additionally, certain joint venture loan agreements have minimum number of homesite takedown requirements in which the joint ventures are required to sell a minimum number of homesites over a
stated

14 

amount of time. Due to the deterioration of the homebuilding market, many of the joint ventures are in the process of repaying, refinancing, renegotiating or extending their loans. This action
may be required, for example, in the case of an expired maturity date or a failure to comply with the loan’s covenants. There can be no assurance that the joint ventures will be able to finance, refinance, renegotiate or extend, on terms we and
our joint venture partners deem acceptable, all of the joint venture loans that are currently being renegotiated. If joint ventures are unsuccessful in these efforts, we could be required to provide at least a portion of the funds the joint ventures
need to be able to repay the loans. 

We could be adversely
impacted by the loss of key management personnel. 

Our future success depends, to a significant degree, on the efforts of our senior management. Our operations could be adversely affected if key members of senior management cease to be active in our company. As a result of a decline in our
stock price, previous retention mechanisms, such as equity awards, have diminished in value. 

If our ability to resell mortgages to investors is impaired, we may be required to broker loans or fund them ourselves. 

Substantially all of the loans we originate are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market on
a servicing released, non-recourse basis; although, we remain liable for certain limited representations and warranties related to loan sales. If there is a decline in the secondary mortgage market, our ability to sell mortgages could be adversely
impacted and we could be required to fund our commitments to our homebuyers with our own financial resources or require our homebuyers to find other sources of financing. If we became unable to sell loans into the secondary mortgage market or
directly to the Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”), we would either have to curtail our origination of mortgage loans, which among other things,
could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes, or to commit our own funds to long term investments in mortgage loans, which could, among other things, delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations.

Our Financial Services segment is adversely affected by
reduced demand for our homes. 

A majority
of the mortgage loans made by our Financial Services segment are made to buyers of homes we build. Therefore, a decrease in the demand for our homes adversely affects the financial results of this segment of our business. 

If housing markets improve, we may not be able to acquire land suitable
for residential homebuilding at reasonable prices, which could increase our costs and reduce our revenues, earnings and margins. 

Our long-term ability to build homes depends upon our acquiring land suitable for residential building at reasonable prices in locations
where we want to build. For a number of years, we experienced an increase in competition for suitable land as a result of land constraints in many of our markets, which increased the price we had to pay to acquire land. Then, when demand for new
homes began to drop beginning in 2006, we started to reduce our land inventory to bring it in line with the reduced rate at which we were absorbing land into our operations. While the current reduced demand for new homes is making it possible to
purchase land at prices far below those we were required to pay prior to 2006, in the long term, competition for suitable land is likely to increase again, and as available land is developed, the cost of acquiring additional suitable land could
rise, and in some areas suitable land might not be available at reasonable prices. Any land shortages or any decrease in the supply of suitable land at reasonable prices could limit our ability to develop new communities or result in increased land
costs that we are not able to pass through to our customers. This could adversely impact our revenues, earnings and margins. 

Regulatory Risks 

Federal laws and regulations that adversely affect liquidity in the secondary mortgage market could hurt our business. 

Changes in federal laws and regulations could have the effect of
curtailing the activities of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. These organizations provide significant liquidity to the secondary mortgage market. Any curtailment of their activities could increase mortgage interest rates and increase the effective cost
of our homes, which could reduce demand for our homes and adversely affect our results of operations. 

15 

Our homebuyers’ ability to qualify for and obtain affordable mortgages could be impacted by
changes in government sponsored entities and private mortgage insurance companies supporting the mortgage market. 

Changes made by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA/VA sponsored mortgage programs, as well as changes made by private mortgage insurance companies,
could result in a reduction in the ability for homebuyers to qualify for mortgages due to tighter lending standards such as higher income requirements, larger down payments, increased reserves and higher credit scores. Higher income requirements
could reduce the amount that homebuyers can qualify for when buying new homes. Larger down payment requirements and increased asset reserve thresholds could prevent or delay some homebuyers from entering the market. Increased credit score
requirements could also eliminate a segment of potential homebuyers. 

Government entities in regions where we operate have adopted or may adopt, slow or no growth initiatives, which could adversely affect our ability to build or timely build in these areas. 

Some state and local governments in areas where we operate have
approved, and others where we operate may approve, various slow growth or no growth homebuilding initiatives and other ballot measures that could negatively impact the availability of land and building opportunities within those jurisdictions.
Approval of slow growth, no growth or similar initiatives (including the effect of these initiatives on existing entitlements and zoning) could adversely affect our ability to build or timely build and sell homes in the affected markets and/or
create additional administrative and regulatory requirements and costs, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our future revenues and earnings. 

Compliance with federal, state and local regulations related to our business could create substantial costs both in time and money, and some
regulations could prohibit or restrict some homebuilding ventures. 

We are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect the land development and homebuilding process, including laws and regulations related to zoning, permitted land uses, levels of
density, building design, elevation of properties, water and waste disposal and use of open spaces. In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations related to workers’ health and safety. We also are subject to a variety of local, state and
federal laws and regulations concerning the protection of health and the environment. In some of the markets where we operate, we are required by law to pay environmental impact fees, use energy-saving construction materials and give commitments to
municipalities to provide certain infrastructure such as roads and sewage systems. We generally are required to obtain permits, entitlements and approvals from local authorities to commence and carry out residential development or home construction.
Such permits, entitlements and approvals may, from time-to-time, be opposed or challenged by local governments, neighboring property owners or other interested parties, adding delays, costs and risks of non-approval to the process. Our obligation to
comply with the laws and regulations under which we operate, and our need to ensure that our associates, subcontractors and other agents comply with these laws and regulations, could result in delays in construction and land development, cause us to
incur substantial costs and prohibit or restrict land development and homebuilding activity in certain areas in which we operate. 

We can be injured by failures of persons who act on our behalf to comply with applicable regulations and guidelines. 

Although we expect all of our associates (i.e., employees),
officers and directors to comply at all times with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, there are instances in which subcontractors or others through whom we do business engage in practices that do not comply with applicable regulations or
guidelines. Sometimes our associates have been aware of these practices but did not take steps to prevent them. When we learn of practices relating to homes we build or financing we provide that do not comply with applicable regulations or
guidelines, we move actively to stop the non-complying practices as soon as possible and we have taken disciplinary action with regard to our associates who were aware of the practices, including in some instances terminating their employment.
However, regardless of the steps we take after we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable regulations or guidelines, we can in some instances be subject to fines or other governmental penalties, and our reputation can be injured, due
to the practices’ having taken place. 

Tax law changes
could make home ownership more expensive or less attractive. 

Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes, generally are deductible expenses for the purpose of calculating an individual’s federal, and in some
cases state, taxable income. If the government were to make changes to income tax laws that eliminate or substantially reduce these income tax deductions, the after-tax cost of owning a home would increase substantially. This could adversely impact
demand for, and/or sales prices of, new homes. 

16 

Other Risks 

We have a stockholder who can exercise significant influence over matters that are brought to a vote of our stockholders.

Stuart A. Miller, our President, Chief
Executive Officer and a Director, has voting control, through personal holdings and family-owned entities, of Class A and Class B common stock that enables Mr. Miller to cast approximately 46% of the votes that may be cast by the holders
of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock combined. That effectively gives Mr. Miller the power to control the election of our directors and the approval of matters that are presented to our stockholders. Mr. Miller’s
voting power might discourage someone from acquiring us or from making a significant equity investment in us, even if we needed the investment to meet our obligations and to operate our business. Also, because of his voting power, Mr. Miller
may be able to authorize actions that are contrary to our other stockholders’ desires. 

We may not be able to benefit from net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards. 

We suffered significant losses in 2007, 2008 and 2009 for both tax and financial statement purposes. We were able to carry back 100% of our
2007 tax loss and most of our 2008 tax loss. However, for our 2009 fiscal year the legislation enacted in November 2009 that expanded the NOL carryback to 5 years only allows 50% of taxable income earned in 2004 to be offset with 2009 loss. As such,
we will only receive tax benefits with regard to the remainder of the losses that were not carried back, if we have taxable income in the 20 year NOL carryforward period. Additionally, we have fully reserved against all our deferred tax assets,
including our NOL carryforward that we were carrying on our financial statements, due to the possibility that we may not have taxable income that will enable us to benefit from them. However, these deferred tax assets will be available to us if we
have sufficient future taxable income to take advantage of them. 

Trading in our shares could substantially reduce our ability to use tax loss carryforwards. 

Under the Internal Revenue Code, if there is a greater than 50% change of ownership of our stock during any three-year period caused by more
than 5% shareholders, the ability to utilize NOL carryforwards are limited to the market value of the Company times the long term federal tax exempt rate. This change of ownership limitation can occur as a result of purchases and sales in the market
by persons who become owners of more than 5% of our stock, even without becoming a new majority owner. During the past three years, there have not been any significant changes in our holdings by 5% shareholders. However, it is possible that as a
result of future stock trading, within a three year period buyers could acquire in the market 5% or greater ownership interests in our stock totaling more than 50%. If that occurred, our ability to apply our tax loss carryforwards could become
limited.