. 

The following are what we believe to be the principal risks that could cause a material adverse effect upon our
business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies and prospects. 

Homebuilding Market and Economic Risks 

The homebuilding industry has experienced a significant downturn over the last several years. A continuing decline in demand for new homes coupled
with an increase in the inventory of available new homes and alternatives to new homes could adversely affect our sales volume and pricing even more than has occurred to date. 

The homebuilding industry has experienced a significant downturn over the last several years. As a result, we
have experienced a significant decline in demand for newly built homes in almost all of our markets. This decline in demand, together with an oversupply of alternatives to new homes, such as rental properties and used homes (including foreclosed
homes), has depressed prices and reduced margins. This combination of lower demand and higher inventories affects both the number of homes we can sell and the prices at which we can sell them. In 2008 and 2009, we experienced periods of significant
decline in our sales results, significant reductions in our margins as a result of higher levels of sales incentives and price concessions, and a higher than normal cancellation rate. In 2010, our margins improved to closer to normal market levels,
but demand continued to be weak and there continued to be a significant stock of used homes, including foreclosed homes. We have no basis for predicting how long demand and supply will remain out of balance in various homebuilding markets or whether
sales volumes or pricing will return to pre-2007 levels. 

Demand for new homes is sensitive to economic conditions over which we have no control, such as the availability of mortgage financing and the level
of employment. 

Demand for new homes is
sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, the availability of financing and interest rate levels. During 2008, 2009 and 2010, the mortgage lending industry experienced
significant instability. As a result of increased default rates, particularly (but not entirely) with regard to sub-prime and other non-conforming loans, many lenders have reduced their willingness to make, and tightened their credit requirements
with regard to, residential mortgage loans. Fewer loan products, stricter loan qualification standards and higher down payment requirements have made it more difficult for some borrowers to finance the purchase of our homes. Although our finance
company subsidiaries offer mortgage loans to potential buyers of most of the homes we build, we may no longer be able to offer financing terms that are attractive to our potential buyers. Lack of availability of mortgage financing at acceptable
rates reduces demand for the homes we build, including in some instances causing potential buyers to cancel contracts they have signed. 

There has also been a substantial loss of jobs in the United States during the last several years. People who are not employed or are
concerned about loss of their jobs are unlikely to purchase new homes and may be forced to try to sell the homes they own. Therefore, the current employment situation can adversely affect us both by reducing demand for the homes we build and by
increasing the supply of homes for sale. 

Mortgage defaults
by homebuyers who financed homes using non-traditional financing products are increasing the number of homes available for resale. 

During the period of high demand in the homebuilding industry, many homebuyers financed their purchases using non-traditional adjustable
rate or interest only mortgages or other mortgages, including sub-prime mortgages that involved, at least during initial years, monthly payments that were significantly lower than those required by conventional fixed rate mortgages. As a result, new
homes became more affordable. However, as monthly payments for these homes have increased either as a result of increasing adjustable interest rates or as a result of principal payments coming due, some of these homebuyers have defaulted on their
payments and had their homes foreclosed, which has increased the inventory of homes available for resale. This is likely to continue. Foreclosure sales and other distress sales may result in further declines in market prices for homes. In an
environment of declining home prices, many homebuyers may delay purchases of homes in anticipation of lower prices in the future. In addition, as lenders perceive deterioration in credit quality among homebuyers, lenders have been eliminating some
of the available non-traditional and sub-prime financing products and increasing the qualifications needed for mortgages or adjusting their terms to address increased credit risk. In general, to the extent mortgage rates increase or lenders make it
more difficult for prospective buyers to finance home purchases, it becomes more difficult or costly for customers to purchase our homes, which has an adverse effect on our sales volume. 

10 

Table of Contents

It has become more difficult for potential homebuyers to obtain mortgage financing, which is reducing
demand for homes we offer. 

Many lenders
and other holders of mortgage loans have been adversely affected in recent years by a combination of reduced ability of homeowners to meet mortgage obligations and reduced value of the homes that secure mortgage loans. As a result, many lenders and
secondary market mortgage purchasers have eliminated most of their non-traditional and sub-prime financing products and increased the qualifications needed to obtain mortgage loans. In addition, if a home appraises for less than the sales price, a
greater down-payment may need to be provided by the potential homebuyer in order to meet the lender requirement or the sales price may need to be reduced. Although mortgage interest rates were very low during 2010, the factors that have made
mortgage loans more difficult to obtain could lead to higher interest rates on mortgage loans that are made. To the extent lenders make it more difficult or more expensive for prospective buyers to finance home purchases, it becomes more difficult
or costly for customers to purchase our homes, which has an adverse effect on our sales volume. 

We have had to take significant write-downs of the carrying values of the land we own and of our investments in unconsolidated entities, and a continuing decline in land values could result in
additional write-downs. 

Some of the land
we currently own was purchased at high prices and had to be written down to reduced values that reflect current market conditions. Also, prior to 2007, we obtained options to purchase land at prices that no longer are attractive, and in connection
with those options, we made substantial non-refundable deposits and, in some instances, incurred pre-acquisition costs. When demand fell, we were required to take significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory and we elected not
to exercise many high price options, even though that required us to forfeit deposits and write-off pre-acquisition costs. 

Additionally, as a result of these market conditions, we recorded significant valuation adjustments to our investments in unconsolidated
entities and recorded our share of adjustments made by unconsolidated entities to the carrying values of their assets. 

The combination of land inventory impairments, write-offs of option deposits and pre-acquisition costs and valuation adjustments relating
to our investments in unconsolidated entities had a material negative effect on our operating results for fiscal 2007, 2008 and 2009, contributing to most of our net loss in fiscal 2008 and 2009. Write downs were a lot less during 2010, however, if
market conditions deteriorate further or our strategy related to certain assets change, some of our assets may be subject to further write-downs in the future, decreasing the asset values reflected on our balance sheet and adversely affecting our
stockholders’ equity. 

Inflation can adversely affect
us, particularly in a period of declining home sale prices. 

Inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of land, materials and labor require us to attempt to increase the sale prices of homes in order to maintain satisfactory margins.
Although the rate of inflation has been low for the last several years, some economists predict that government spending programs and other factors could lead to significant inflation in the future. An excess of supply over demand for new homes,
such as the one we are currently experiencing, requires that we reduce prices, rather than increase them, but it does not necessarily result in reductions, or prevent increases, in the costs of materials and labor. The effect of cost increases that
we cannot recover by increasing prices would be to reduce the margins on the homes we sell. That would make it more difficult for us to recover the full cost of previously purchased land, and could lead to significant reductions in the value of our
land inventory. 

We face significant competition in our
efforts to sell new homes. 

The
homebuilding industry is highly competitive. We compete in each of our markets with numerous national, regional and local homebuilders. This competition with other homebuilders could reduce the number of homes we deliver or cause us to accept
reduced margins in order to maintain sales volume. 

We also compete with the resale of existing homes, including foreclosed homes, sales by housing speculators and available rental housing.
As demand for homes has slowed, competition, including competition with homes purchased for speculation rather than as places to live and competition with foreclosed homes, has created increased downward pressure on the prices at which we are able
to sell homes, as well as upon the number of homes we can sell. 

11 

Table of Contents

Operational Risks 

Homebuilding is subject to warranty and liability claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant.

As a homebuilder, we are subject to home
warranty and construction defect claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We are also subject to liability claims for injuries that occur in the course of construction activities. We record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell
based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we built. We have, and many of our subcontractors have, general liability, property, errors and omissions, workers
compensation and other business insurance. These insurance policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits. However, because of the
uncertainties inherent in these matters, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage or our subcontractors’ insurance and financial resources will be adequate to address all warranty, construction defect and liability claims in the
future. Additionally, the coverage offered and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently limited and costly. As a result, an increasing number of our subcontractors are unable to obtain insurance, and we
have in many cases waived our customary insurance requirements. There can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted and become even more costly. 

Performance of subcontractors and quality and suitability of building
materials. 

We rely on subcontractors to
perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain raw materials. Despite our detailed specifications and quality control procedures, in some cases, improper construction processes or defective materials, such as
Chinese drywall, were used in the construction of our homes. When we find these issues, we repair them in accordance with our warranty obligations. Defective products widely used by the homebuilding industry can result in the need to perform
extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. The cost to the Company of complying with our warranty obligations in these cases may be significant if we are unable to recover the cost of repair from subcontractors, materials suppliers and insurers.

Natural disasters and severe weather conditions could delay
deliveries, increase costs and decrease demand for new homes in affected areas. 

Many of our homebuilding operations are conducted in areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather. The occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home
deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories and negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. Furthermore, if our insurance does not fully cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our results of
operations, liquidity or capital resources could be adversely affected. 

Supply shortages and other risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs and delay deliveries. 

Increased costs or shortages of skilled labor and/or lumber,
framing, concrete, steel and other building materials could cause increases in construction costs and construction delays. We generally are unable to pass on increases in construction costs to customers who have already entered into sales contracts,
as those sales contracts generally fix the price of the homes at the time the contracts are signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the home. Sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins,
particularly if pricing competition restricts our ability to pass on any additional costs of materials or labor, thereby decreasing our margins. 

Reduced numbers of home sales extend the time it takes us to recover land purchase and property development costs. 

We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a
community. These include costs of preparing land and installing roads, sewers and other utilities, as well as taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. Reducing the rate at which we build homes extends
the length of time it takes us to recover these costs. Also, when we have terminated land purchase options, we have forfeited deposits we made with regard to the options, and in many instances, lost the benefit of pre-acquisition costs we incurred
with regard to properties that were the subject of the options. We may never recover those costs. 

12 

Table of Contents

We do not have a corporate credit line. 

Our business requires that we be able to finance the
development of our residential communities. In the past we have had a corporate credit facility (with Lennar Corporation as the borrower and most of our subsidiaries, other than finance company subsidiaries, as guarantors) that we used to help
finance development activities. However, because of the decline in our land purchasing, development and building activities, and our ability to obtain debt and equity financing through the capital markets, we have had little need for the credit
facility in recent years. Therefore, in February 2010, we terminated the Credit Facility in order to eliminate the cost of maintaining it. While we believe that under current circumstances, the funds we generate through our operations, together with
our ability to sell debt and equity securities into capital markets, give us access to all the funds we need, if market conditions lead us to want to increase our homebuilding activities to a level that requires us to incur short-term borrowings,
but we are not able to arrange a new credit facility, the absence of a credit facility may prevent us from taking full advantage of market opportunities. 

We do not have an investment grade credit rating, which makes it more difficult and costly for us to access capital on favorable terms.

Our ability to access capital on
favorable terms has been an important factor in growing our business and operations in a profitable manner. In 2007 and 2008, each of the principal credit rating agencies lowered our credit ratings, and as a result we no longer have investment grade
ratings. This makes it more costly, and under some circumstances could make it more difficult, for us to access the debt capital markets for funds we may require in order to implement our business plans and achieve our growth objectives. 

Despite not having an investment grade rating, during 2010,
we were able to sell debt securities in capital market transactions at significantly lower interest rates than prior year. We sold $250 million principal amount of 6.95% senior notes due 2018, $276.5 million of 2.00% convertible senior notes and
$446 million of 2.75% convertible senior notes, both due in 2020. The interest rates with regard to that debt are higher than they probably would have been if we had had an investment grade rating. However, unless and until our credit rating
improves, our cost of borrowing in capital market transactions will almost always be higher than it would be if we had an investment grade rating. If we were subject to further downgrades, that would exacerbate such difficulties. 

The repurchase warehouse credit facilities of our Financial Services
segment will expire in 2011. 

Our Lennar
Financial Services segment has a warehouse repurchase facility with a maximum aggregate commitment of $150 million and an additional uncommitted amount of $50 million that matures in April 2011, and another warehouse repurchase facility with a
maximum aggregate commitment of $175 million that matures in July 2011. The Financial Services segment uses these facilities to finance its mortgage lending activities until the mortgage loans are sold to investors and expects both facilities to be
renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. If we are unable to renew or replace these facilities when they mature, that could seriously impede the activities of our Financial Services segment, unless we are willing and able to
provide the funds our Financial Services segment needs to finance its mortgage originations until the mortgages can be sold. 

We conduct some of our operations through unconsolidated joint ventures with independent third parties in which we do not have a controlling
interest and we can be adversely impacted by joint venture partners’ failure to fulfill their obligations. 

For a number of years, we created and participated in joint ventures that acquired and developed land for our homebuilding operations, for
sale to third parties or for use in their own homebuilding operations. Through these joint ventures, we reduced the amount we had to invest in order to assure access to potential future homesites, and, in some instances, we obtained access to land
to which we could not otherwise have obtained access or could not have obtained access on as favorable terms. However, as the homebuilding market deteriorated beginning in 2006, many of our joint venture partners became financially unable or
unwilling to fulfill their obligations. 

Most
joint ventures borrowed money to help finance their activities, and although recourse on the loans was generally limited to the joint ventures and their properties, frequently we and our joint venture partners were required to provide maintenance
guarantees (guarantees that the values of the joint ventures’ assets would be at least specified percentages of their borrowings) or limited repayment guarantees. 

13 

Table of Contents

If a joint venture partner does not perform its obligations, we may be required to make
significant financial expenditures or otherwise undertake the performance of obligations not satisfied by our partner at significant cost to us. Also, when we have guaranteed joint venture obligations, we have been given the right to be reimbursed
by our joint venture partners for any amounts by which we pay more than our pro rata share of the joint ventures’ obligations. However, particularly if our joint venture partners are having financial problems, we may have difficulty collecting
the sums they owe us, and therefore, we may be required to pay a disproportionately large portion of the guaranteed amounts. In addition, because we lack a controlling interest in these joint ventures, we are usually unable to require that they sell
assets, return invested capital or take any other action without the consent of at least one of our joint venture partners. As a result, without joint venture partner consent, we may be unable to liquidate our joint venture investments to generate
cash. Even if we are able to liquidate joint venture investments, the amounts received upon liquidation may be insufficient to cover the costs we have incurred in satisfying joint venture obligations. 

During 2007 through 2010, we have significantly reduced the
number of joint ventures in which we participate and our exposure to recourse indebtedness of such joint ventures. However, the risks to us from joint ventures in which we are a participant are likely to continue at least as long as the value of
residential properties continues to decline. 

The
unconsolidated entities in which we have investments may not be able to modify the terms of their debt arrangements. 

Some of the unconsolidated entities’ debt arrangements contain financial covenants they may not be able to meet. Additionally,
certain joint venture loan agreements have minimum number of homesite takedown requirements in which the joint ventures are required to sell a minimum number of homesites over a stated period of time. Due to the deterioration of the homebuilding
market, many of the joint ventures are in the process of repaying, refinancing, renegotiating or extending their loans. This action may be required, for example, in the case of an expired maturity date or a failure to comply with the loan’s
covenants. There can be no assurance that the joint ventures will be able to finance, refinance, renegotiate or extend, on terms we and our joint venture partners deem acceptable, all of the joint venture loans that are currently being renegotiated.
If joint ventures are unsuccessful in these efforts, we could be required to provide at least a portion of the funds the joint ventures need to be able to repay the loans. 

We could be adversely impacted by the loss of key management personnel.

Our future success depends, to a
significant degree, on the efforts of our senior management. Our operations could be adversely affected if key members of senior management cease to be active in our company. As a result of a decline in our stock price, previous retention
mechanisms, such as equity awards, have diminished in value. 

Our Financial Services segment is adversely affected by reduced demand for our homes. 

A majority of the mortgage loans made by our Financial
Services segment are made to buyers of homes we build. Therefore, a decrease in the demand for our homes adversely affects the financial results of this segment of our business. 

If our ability to resell mortgages is impaired, we may be required to
reduce home sales unless we are willing to become a long term investor in loans we originate. 

Substantially all of the loans we originate are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released,
non-recourse basis. After the loans are sold, we retain potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that we breached certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties in the loan sale agreements. The secondary mortgage
market has been severely impacted by the decline in property values over the past several years. To date, our financial company subsidiaries have been able to sell substantially all the mortgages they have originated. If, however we became unable to
sell loans into the secondary mortgage market or directly to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, we would either have to curtail our origination of mortgage loans, which among other things, could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes, or to commit
our own funds to long term investments in mortgage loans, which could, among other things, delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations. 

14 

Table of Contents

Our Financial Services segment receives demands that it repurchase mortgage loans it sold in the
secondary mortgage market and we may be required to repurchase loans in excess of amounts reserved. 

Particularly during 2008, 2009 and 2010, our Financial Services segment received demands that it repurchase certain loans that it sold to
entities in the secondary mortgage market. The demands have related primarily to loans originated during 2005 through 2007 and are frequently based on assertions that information borrowers gave our Financial Services segment was not accurate. In
many instances, we have successfully disputed the claims. However, in some instances we have settled claims to maintain our business relationships with the claimants or to avoid litigation costs. In other instances, there are active disputes
regarding certain loans. While we believe we have significant defenses against virtually all of the currently unresolved repurchase demands, we have established a reserve based upon, among other things, an analysis of repurchase requests received,
an estimate of potential repurchase claims not yet received, our actual past repurchases and losses through the disposition of affected loans. At November 30, 2010, this reserve was $9.9 million. If there is an unexpected increase in the amount
of repurchase demands we receive, or if we are not able to resolve repurchase demands on a basis consistent with our experience to date, the cost to us with regard to the repurchase demands could exceed the reserve we have established. 

Our Rialto segment invests in distressed loans and real estate related
assets at significant discounts; however, if the real estate markets deteriorate significantly we could suffer losses. 

Almost all the investments to date by our Rialto segment have involved acquisitions of portfolios of, or interests in portfolios of,
distressed loans and other real estate related assets. That is consistent with the Rialto segment’s objective of focusing on commercial and residential real estate opportunities arising from dislocations in the United States real estate markets
and the restructuring and recapitalization of those markets. However, the Rialto segment’s investing in distressed loans and other real estate related assets presents many risks in addition to those inherent in normal lending activities,
including the risk that the anticipated restructuring and recapitalization of the United States real estate markets will not take place for many years, the risk that defaults on debt instruments in which the Rialto segment invests will be greater
than anticipated and the risk that if the Rialto segment has to liquidate its investments into the market, it could suffer losses in doing so. There is also the possibility that, even if the Rialto segment’s investments perform as expected,
absence of a liquid market for these investments will result in a need to reduce the value at which they are carried on our financial statements. 

There is substantial competition for the types of investments on which our Rialto segment is focused, and this may limit the ability of the Rialto
segment to make investments on terms that are attractive to it. 

Our Rialto segment currently is focused on investments in distressed mortgage debt, foreclosed properties and other real estate related assets that have been adversely affected by the dislocations during
the last several years in the markets for real estate, mortgage loans and real estate related securities. Many of the opportunities to acquire these types of assets arise under programs involving co-investments with and financing provided by
agencies of the Federal government. There are many firms and investment funds that are trying to acquire the types of assets on which our Rialto segment is focused, and it is likely that a significant number of additional investment funds will be
formed in the next year or more with the objective of acquiring those types of assets. At least some of the firms with which the Rialto segment competes, or will compete, for investment opportunities have, or will have, a cost of capital that is
lower than that of the Rialto segment, and therefore may be able to pay more for investment opportunities than would be prudent for our Rialto segment. 

Our Rialto segment could be adversely affected by court and governmental responses to improper residential mortgage foreclosure procedures.

During recent years it appears that
residential mortgage lenders and residential mortgage loan servicers have in a number of instances failed to comply with the requirements for obtaining and foreclosing residential mortgage loans. Although our Rialto segment owns or manages entities
that own large numbers of mortgage loans, those loans all were acquired by our Rialto segment and the entities it manages within the past year, and our Rialto segment has procedures designed to ensure that any mortgage foreclosures which it
undertakes will comply with all applicable requirements. However, even if neither our Rialto segment nor any servicing organization it uses does anything improper in foreclosing mortgages held by the Rialto segment or entities it manages, reaction
by courts and regulatory agencies against apparently widespread instances of improper mortgage foreclosure procedures could make it more difficult and more expensive for our Rialto segment to foreclose mortgages that secure loans that it or entities
it manages own. 

15 

Table of Contents

The ability of our Rialto segment to profit from the investments it makes may depend to a significant
extent on its ability to manage resolutions related to the distressed loans and other real estate related assets. 

A principal factor in a prospective purchaser’s decision regarding the price it will pay for a portfolio of mortgage loans or other
real estate related assets is the cash flow the prospective purchaser expects the portfolio to generate. The cash flow a portfolio of distressed mortgage loans and related assets will generate can be affected by the way the assets in the portfolio
are managed. We believe the backgrounds and experience of the personnel in our Rialto segment will enable the Rialto segment to generate better cash flows from the distressed assets it manages than what is generally expected with regard to similar
assets. If it is not able to do that, the Rialto segment probably will not generate the returns it is seeking. 

The supply of real estate related assets available at discounts from normal prices will likely decrease if and when the real estate markets improve, which could require our Rialto segment to change
its investment objectives. 

The current
objectives of our Rialto segment is to focus on investments in commercial and residential real estate related assets that are available at below market prices because of the dislocations in the United States real estate markets over the past several
years. A recovery of the real estate markets would probably benefit the investments the Rialto segment has made, but it probably would substantially reduce or end the availability of the types of investments the Rialto segment has made and currently
is seeking. That would require the Rialto segment to rethink, and probably to change, its investment strategy. 

Restrictions in agreements related to a fund that the Rialto segment manages could prevent the Rialto segment from making investments. 

The Rialto segment manages the Rialto Real Estate Fund (the
“Fund”), a fund that was formed to make investments in, among other things, distressed loans and real estate related assets. In order to protect investors in the Fund against the possibility that we would keep attractive investment
opportunities for ourselves instead of presenting them to the Fund, we agreed that we would not make investments that are suitable for the Fund except to the extent an Advisory Committee consisting of representatives of Fund investors decides that
the Fund should not make particular investments. There is an exception that permits us to purchase properties for use in connection with our homebuilding operations and to co-invest with the Fund (of which we will own between 10% and 25% depending
on the total amount of the investments in the Fund). 

Regulatory Risks 

Federal laws and regulations that adversely affect liquidity in the secondary mortgage market could hurt our business. 

There have been significant concerns about the continuing
viability of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and a number of proposals to curtail their activities. These organizations provide significant liquidity to the secondary mortgage market. Any curtailment of their activities could increase mortgage interest
rates and increase the effective cost of our homes, which could reduce demand for our homes and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our homebuyers’ ability to qualify for and obtain affordable mortgages could be impacted by changes in government sponsored entities and
private mortgage insurance companies supporting the mortgage market. 

Changes made by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA/VA sponsored mortgage programs, as well as changes made by private mortgage insurance companies, have reduced the ability of many potential homebuyers to
qualify for mortgages. Principal among these have been tighter lending standards such as higher income requirements, larger required down payments, increased reserves and higher required credit scores. Higher income requirements could reduce the
amount that homebuyers can qualify for when buying new homes. Larger down payment requirements and increased asset reserve thresholds appear to be preventing or delaying some homebuyers from entering the market. Increased credit score requirements
eliminate a segment of potential homebuyers. 

16 

Table of Contents

Government entities in regions where we operate have adopted or may adopt, slow or no growth
initiatives, which could adversely affect our ability to build or timely build in these areas. 

Some state and local governments in areas where we operate have approved, and others where we operate may approve, various slow growth or
no growth homebuilding initiatives and other ballot measures that could negatively impact the availability of land and building opportunities within those jurisdictions. Approval of slow growth, no growth or similar initiatives (including the effect
of these initiatives on existing entitlements and zoning) could adversely affect our ability to build or timely build and sell homes in the affected markets and/or create additional administrative and regulatory requirements and costs, which, in
turn, could have an adverse effect on our future revenues and earnings. 

Compliance with federal, state and local regulations related to our business could create substantial costs both in time and money, and some regulations could prohibit or restrict some homebuilding
ventures. 

We are subject to extensive
and complex laws and regulations that affect the land development and homebuilding process, including laws and regulations related to zoning, permitted land uses, levels of density, building design, elevation of properties, water and waste disposal
and use of open spaces. In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations related to workers’ health and safety. We also are subject to a variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning the protection of health and the
environment. In some of the markets where we operate, we are required by law to pay environmental impact fees, use energy-saving construction materials and give commitments to municipalities to provide certain infrastructure such as roads and sewage
systems. We generally are required to obtain permits, entitlements and approvals from local authorities to commence and carry out residential development or home construction. Such permits, entitlements and approvals may, from time-to-time, be
opposed or challenged by local governments, neighboring property owners or other interested parties, adding delays, costs and risks of non-approval to the process. Our obligation to comply with the laws and regulations under which we operate, and
our need to ensure that our associates, subcontractors and other agents comply with these laws and regulations, could result in delays in construction and land development, cause us to incur substantial costs and prohibit or restrict land
development and homebuilding activity in certain areas in which we operate. Budget reductions by state and local governmental agencies may increase our builder fees and the time it takes to obtain required approvals and therefore may aggregate the
delays we could encounter. 

We can be injured by failures of
persons who act on our behalf to comply with applicable regulations and guidelines. 

Although we expect all of our associates (i.e., employees), officers and directors to comply at all times with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, there may be instances in which subcontractors or
others through whom we do business engage in practices that do not comply with applicable regulations or guidelines. When we learn of practices relating to homes we build or financing we provide that do not comply with applicable regulations or
guidelines, we move actively to stop the non-complying practices as soon as possible and we have taken disciplinary action with regard to our associates who were aware of the practices, including in some instances terminating their employment.
However, regardless of the steps we take after we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable regulations or guidelines, we can in some instances be subject to fines or other governmental penalties, and our reputation can be injured, due
to the practices’ having taken place. 

Tax law changes
could make home ownership more expensive or less attractive. 

Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes, generally are deductible expenses for the purpose of calculating an individual’s federal, and in some
cases state, taxable income. If the government were to make changes to income tax laws that eliminate or substantially reduce these income tax deductions, the after-tax cost of owning a home would increase substantially. This could adversely impact
demand for, and/or sales prices of, new homes. 

Other Risks 

We have a
stockholder who can exercise significant influence over matters that are brought to a vote of our stockholders. 

Stuart A. Miller, our President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director, has voting control, through personal holdings and family-owned
entities, of Class A and Class B common stock that enables Mr. Miller to cast approximately 46% of the votes that may be cast by the holders of our outstanding Class A and Class B common

17 

Table of Contents

stock combined. That effectively gives Mr. Miller the power to control the election of our directors and the approval of matters that are presented to our stockholders.
Mr. Miller’s voting power might discourage someone from acquiring us or from making a significant equity investment in us, even if we needed the investment to meet our obligations and to operate our business. Also, because of his voting
power, Mr. Miller may be able to authorize actions that are contrary to our other stockholders’ desires. 

We may not be able to benefit from net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards. 

We suffered significant losses in 2007, 2008 and 2009 for tax (as well as for financial statement) purposes. We were able to carry back
100% of our 2007 tax loss and most of our 2008 tax loss to recover taxes we had paid with regard to prior years. However, we would not have been able to carry back our 2009 fiscal year tax loss without legislation enacted in November 2009 that
expanded the NOL carryback to 5 years, but only allowed 50% of taxable income earned in 2004 to be offset with 2009 loss. We will not receive any tax benefits with regard to tax losses we could not carry back, except to the extent we have taxable
income in the 20 year NOL carryforward period. In our financial statements, we have fully reserved against all our deferred tax assets due to the possibility that we may not have taxable income that will enable us to benefit from them. However,
those reserves will be reversed when it becomes more likely than not that we will have sufficient future taxable income to take advantage of the deferred tax assets. 

Trading in our shares could substantially reduce our ability to use tax
loss carryforwards. 

Under the Internal
Revenue Code, if there is a greater than 50% change of ownership of our stock during any three-year period caused by more than 5% shareholders, the ability to utilize NOL carryforwards is limited to the market value of the Company times the
long-term federal tax exempt rate. This change of ownership limitation can occur as a result of purchases and sales in the market by persons who become owners of more than 5% of our stock, even without becoming a new majority owner. During the past
three years, there have not been any significant changes in our holdings by 5% shareholders. However, it is possible that as a result of future stock trading, within a three-year period buyers could acquire in the market 5% or greater ownership
interests in our stock totaling more than 50%. If that occurred, our ability to apply our tax loss carryforwards could become limited.