. 

The following risks may cause a material adverse effect upon
our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies and prospects. 

Homebuilding Market and Economic Risks 

The homebuilding industry is in the midst of a significant downturn. A continuing decline in demand for new homes coupled with an increase in the inventory of
available new homes and alternatives to new homes could adversely affect our sales volume and pricing even more than has occurred to date. 

The homebuilding industry is in the midst of a significant downturn. As a result, we have experienced a significant decline in demand for newly built
homes in almost all of our markets. Homebuilders’ inventories of 

8 

Table of Contents

unsold new homes have increased as a result of increased cancellation rates on pending contracts as new homebuyers sometimes find it more advantageous to
forfeit a deposit than to complete the purchase of the home. In addition, an oversupply of alternatives to new homes, such as rental properties and used homes (including foreclosed homes), has depressed prices and reduced margins. This combination
of lower demand and higher inventories affects both the number of homes we can sell and the prices at which we can sell them. In 2007 and 2008, we experienced a significant decline in our sales results, significant reductions in our margins as a
result of higher levels of sales incentives and price concessions, and a higher than normal cancellation rate. We have no basis for predicting how long demand and supply will remain out of balance in markets where we operate or whether, even if
demand and supply come back in balance, sales volumes or pricing will return to prior levels. 

Demand for new homes is sensitive to economic conditions over which we have no control, such as the availability of mortgage financing and the level of employment. 

Demand for homes is sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as the
level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, the availability of financing and interest rate levels. During 2007 and 2008, the mortgage lending industry experienced significant instability. As a result of increased default rates,
particularly (but not entirely) with regard to sub-prime and other non-conforming loans, many lenders have reduced their willingness to make, and tightened their credit requirements with regard to, residential mortgage loans. Fewer loan products and
stricter loan qualification standards have made it more difficult for some borrowers to finance the purchase of our homes. Although our finance company subsidiaries offer mortgage loans to potential buyers of most of the homes we build, we may no
longer be able to offer financing terms that are attractive to our potential buyers. Lack of availability of mortgage financing at acceptable rates reduces demand for the homes we build, including in some instances causing potential buyers to cancel
contracts they have signed. 

There has also been a substantial
loss of jobs in the United States during 2008. People who are not employed or are concerned about loss of their jobs are unlikely to purchase new homes and may be forced to try to sell the homes they owned. Therefore, the current employment
situation can adversely affect us both by reducing demand for the homes we build and by increasing the supply of homes for sale. 

Mortgage defaults by homebuyers who financed homes using non-traditional financing products are increasing the number of homes available for resale.

During the period of high demand in the homebuilding
industry, many homebuyers financed their purchases using non-traditional adjustable rate or interest only mortgages or other mortgages, including sub-prime mortgages that involved at least during initial years, monthly payments that were
significantly lower than those required by conventional fixed rate mortgages. As a result, new homes became more affordable. However, as monthly payments for these homes increase either as a result of increasing adjustable interest rates or as a
result of principal payments coming due, some of these homebuyers have defaulted on their payments and had their homes foreclosed, which has increased the inventory of homes available for resale. This is likely to continue. Foreclosure sales and
other distress sales may result in further declines in market prices for homes. In an environment of declining prices, many homebuyers may delay purchases of homes in anticipation of lower prices in the future. In addition, as lenders perceive
deterioration in credit quality among homebuyers, lenders have been eliminating some of the available non-traditional and sub-prime financing products and increasing the qualifications needed for mortgages or adjusting their terms to address
increased credit risk. In general, to the extent mortgage rates increase or lenders make it more difficult for prospective buyers to finance home purchases, it becomes more difficult or costly for customers to purchase our homes, which has an
adverse effect on our sales volume. 

We have had to take significant
write-downs of the carrying values of the land we own and of our investments in unconsolidated entities, and a continuing decline in land values could result in additional write-downs. 

Some of the land we currently own was purchased at high prices. Also, we
obtained options to purchase land at prices that no longer are attractive, and in connection with those options we made non-refundable deposits and, in some instances, agreed to incur pre-acquisition land development costs. When demand fell, we were
required to take substantial write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory and we elected not to exercise high price options, even though that required us to forfeit deposits and write-off pre-acquisition land development costs.

9 

Table of Contents

Additionally, as a result of these market conditions, we recorded significant valuation adjustments
relating to our investments in unconsolidated entities. The valuation adjustments were SFAS 144 valuation adjustments to assets of our unconsolidated entities and APB 18 valuation adjustments to our investments in unconsolidated entities.

The combination of land value write-downs and forfeitures in
addition to valuation adjustments relating to our investments in unconsolidated entities had a material negative effect on our operating results for fiscal 2006, 2007 and 2008, contributing to most of our net losses in fiscal 2007 and 2008. If
market conditions continue to deteriorate, some of our assets may be subject to further write-downs in the future, decreasing the assets reflected on our balance sheet and adversely affecting our stockholders’ equity. 

Inflation can adversely affect us, particularly in a period of declining home sale
prices. 

Inflation can have a long-term impact on us
because increasing costs of land, materials and labor require us to attempt to increase the sale prices of homes in order to maintain satisfactory margins. Although an excess of supply over demand for new homes, such as the one we are currently
experiencing, requires that we reduce prices, rather than increasing them, it does not necessarily result in reductions, or prevent increases, in the costs of materials and labor. Under those circumstances, the effect of cost increases is to reduce
the margins on the homes we sell. That makes it more difficult for us to recover the full cost of previously purchased land, and has contributed to the significant reductions in the value of our land inventory. 

We face significant competition in our efforts to sell homes. 

The homebuilding industry is highly competitive. We compete in each of our
markets with numerous national, regional and local homebuilders. This competition with other homebuilders could reduce the number of homes we deliver or cause us to accept reduced margins in order to maintain sales volume. 

We also compete with the resale of existing homes, including foreclosed
homes, sales by housing speculators and available rental housing. As demand for homes has slowed, competition, including competition with homes purchased for speculation rather than as places to live and competition with foreclosed homes, has
created increased downward pressure on the prices at which we are able to sell homes, as well as upon the number of homes we can sell. 

Operational Risks 

Homebuilding is subject to warranty and liability claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant. 

As a homebuilder, we are subject to home warranty and construction defect
claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We are also subject to liability claims arising in the course of construction activities. We record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets
and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we built. We have, and many of our subcontractors have, general liability, property, errors and omissions, workers compensation and other business insurance. These
insurance policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits. However, because of the uncertainties inherent in these matters, we cannot provide
assurance that our insurance coverage or our subcontractors’ insurance and financial resources will be adequate to address all warranty, construction defect and liability claims in the future. Additionally, the coverage offered and the
availability of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently limited and costly. As a result, an increasing number of our subcontractors are unable to obtain insurance, and we have in many cases waived our customary insurance
requirements. There can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted and become even more costly. 

Natural disasters and severe weather conditions could delay deliveries, increase costs and decrease demand for new homes in affected areas. 

Many of our homebuilding operations are conducted in areas that are subject
to natural disasters and severe weather. The occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories and negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas.
Furthermore, if our insurance does not fully cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources could be adversely affected. 

10 

Table of Contents

Supply shortages and other risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase
costs and delay deliveries. 

Increased costs or
shortages of skilled labor and/or lumber, framing, concrete, steel and other building materials could cause increases in construction costs and construction delays. We generally are unable to pass on increases in construction costs to customers who
have already entered into sales contracts, as those sales contracts generally fix the price of the homes at the time the contracts are signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the home. Sustained increases in construction costs
may, over time, erode our margins, particularly if pricing competition restricts our ability to pass on any additional costs of materials or labor, thereby decreasing our margins. 

Reduced numbers of home sales force us to absorb additional costs. 

We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a community.
These include costs of preparing land and installing roads, sewage and other utilities, as well as taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. Reducing the rate at which we build homes extends the length
of time it takes us to recover these costs. Also, we frequently acquire options to purchase land and make deposits that will be forfeited if we do not exercise the options within specified periods. Because of current market conditions, we have had
to terminate a number of these options, resulting in significant forfeitures of deposits we made with regard to the options. 

If our financial performance further declines, we may not be able to maintain compliance with the covenants in our credit facilities and senior debt securities.

Our credit facility imposes certain restrictions on
our operations. The most significant restrictions relate to debt incurrence, sales of assets, cash distributions and investments by us and certain of our subsidiaries. In addition, our credit facility requires compliance with certain financial
covenants, including a minimum adjusted consolidated tangible net worth requirement and a maximum permitted leverage ratio. Also, because we currently do not have investment grade debt ratings, we can only borrow up to specified percentages of the
book values of various types of our assets, referred to in the credit agreement as our borrowing base. In January and November 2008, we completed amendments to the credit facility that modified the minimum adjusted consolidated tangible net worth
requirement and restructured the borrowing base among other changes. The amendments also limit the amount of permissible joint venture recourse obligations, requiring that those obligations be reduced quarterly through July 2011. Under the November
2008 amendment, the commitment was reduced from $1.5 billion to $1.1 billion. 

While $1.1 billion of borrowing capacity should be sufficient in the current depressed market, if markets strengthen, we might have to seek increased borrowing capacity. 

While we currently are in compliance with the financial covenants in the
amended credit agreement, if we had to record significant additional impairments in the future, they could cause us to fail to comply with the amended credit agreement debt covenants. In addition, if we default in the payment or performance of
certain obligations relating to the debt of unconsolidated entities above a specified threshold amount, we would be in default under the amended credit agreement. Either of those events would give the lenders the right to cause any amounts we owe
under that credit facility to become immediately due. If we were unable to repay the borrowings when they became due, that could entitle the holders of $2.2 billion of debt securities we have sold into the capital markets to cause the sums evidenced
by those debt securities to become due immediately. We would not be able to repay those amounts without selling substantial assets, which we might have to do at prices well below the long term fair values, and the carrying values, of the assets.

We may be unable to obtain suitable financing and bonding for the
development of our communities. 

Our business depends
upon our ability to obtain financing for the development of our residential communities and to provide bonds to ensure the completion of our projects. We currently use our credit facility to provide some of the financing we need. In addition, we
have from time-to-time raised funds by selling debt securities into public and private capital markets although this would be difficult to do under current market conditions. As is noted above, a recent amendment to our credit agreement reduced the
commitment to $1.1 billion. The willingness of lenders to make funds available to us has been affected both by factors relating to us as a borrower, and by a decrease in the willingness of banks and other lenders to lend to homebuilders generally.
If we were unable to finance the development of our communities through our credit facility or other debt, or if we were unable to provide required surety bonds for our projects, our business operations and revenues could suffer materially.

11 

Table of Contents

Our ability to continue to grow our business and operations in a profitable manner depends to a significant extent
upon our ability to access capital on favorable terms. 

Our ability to access capital on favorable terms has been an important factor in growing our business and operations in a profitable manner. Recently, each of the principal credit rating agencies lowered our credit rating, and we no longer
have investment grade ratings. This will make it more difficult and costly for us to access the debt capital markets for funds we may require in order to implement our business plans and achieve our growth objectives. If we are subject to a further
downgrade, it would exacerbate such difficulties. 

The credit facilities
of our Financial Services segment will expire in 2009. 

Our Financial Services segment has a syndicated warehouse repurchase facility, which matures in April 2009 ($125 million, plus a $50 million temporary accordion feature that expired in December 2008) and a warehouse repurchase facility,
which matures in June 2009 ($150 million). The Financial Services segment uses these facilities to finance its mortgage lending activities until the mortgage loans are sold to investors and expects both facilities to be renewed or replaced with
other facilities when they mature. If we are unable to renew or replace these facilities when they mature in April 2009 and June 2009, it could seriously impede the activities of our Financial Services segment. The risk of inability to renew or
replace these facilities may be significant if, as currently is the case, capital market participants are reluctant to purchase securities backed by residential mortgages. 

Our competitive position could suffer if we were unable to take advantage of acquisition opportunities. 

Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and purchase
suitable acquisition candidates, as well as our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. Given current market conditions, executing this strategy by identifying opportunities to purchase at favorable prices companies
that are having problems contending with the current difficult homebuilding environment may be particularly important. Not properly executing this strategy could put us at a disadvantage in our efforts to compete with other major homebuilders who
are able to take advantage of such favorable acquisition opportunities. 

We might have difficulty integrating acquired companies into our operations. 

The integration of operations of acquired companies with our operations, including the consolidation of systems, procedures, personnel and facilities, the
relocation of staff, and the achievement of anticipated cost savings, economies of scale and other business efficiencies, presents significant challenges to our management, particularly if several acquisitions occur at the same time. 

We conduct some of our operations through unconsolidated joint ventures with
independent third parties in which we do not have a controlling interest and we can be adversely impacted by joint venture partners’ failure to fulfill their obligations. 

For a number of years, we created and participated in joint ventures that acquired and developed land for our homebuilding
operations, for sale to third parties or for use in their own homebuilding operations. Through these joint ventures, we reduced the amount we had to invest in order to assure access to potential future homesites, and, in some instances, we obtained
access to land to which we could not otherwise have obtained access or could not have obtained access on as favorable terms. However, as the homebuilding market deteriorated from 2006 through 2008, many of our joint venture partners became
financially unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations. 

Most joint ventures borrowed money to help finance their activities, and although recourse on the loans was generally limited to the joint ventures and their properties, frequently we and our joint venture partners were required to provide
maintenance guarantees (guarantees that the values of the joint ventures’ assets would be at least specified percentages of their borrowings) or limited repayment guarantees. 

Our joint venture strategy depends in large part on the ability of our joint venture partners to perform their obligations
under our agreements with them. If a joint venture partner does not perform its obligations, we may be required to make significant financial expenditures or otherwise undertake the performance of obligations not satisfied by our partner at
significant cost to us. Also, when we have guaranteed joint venture obligations, we have been given the right to be reimbursed by our joint venture partners for any amounts by which we pay more than our pro rata share of the joint ventures’
obligations. However, particularly if our joint venture partners are having financial problems, we may have difficulty collecting the sums they owe us, and therefore, we may be 

12 

Table of Contents

required to pay a disproportionately large portion of the guaranteed amounts. In addition, because we lack a controlling interest in these joint ventures, we
are usually unable to require that they sell assets, return invested capital or take any other action without the consent of at least one of our joint venture partners. As a result, without joint venture partner consent, we may be unable to
liquidate our joint venture investments to generate cash. Even if we are able to liquidate joint venture investments, the amounts received upon liquidation may be insufficient to cover the costs we have incurred in satisfying joint venture
obligations. 

During 2007 and 2008, we began to reduce the
number of joint ventures in which we participate and the recourse indebtedness of such joint ventures. However, the risks to us from joint ventures in which we are a participant are likely to continue at least as long as the value of residential