You should carefully consider the following risks, together with
 other matters described in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 or incorporated herein by reference in evaluating our business
 and prospects. If any of the following risks occurs, our
 business, financial condition or operating results could be
 harmed. In such case, the trading price of our securities could
 decline, in some cases significantly. The risks described below
 are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently
 known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair
 our business operations. Certain statements in this

Form 10-K
 (including certain of the following factors) constitute
 forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled
 “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 1 of this

Form 10-K
 for important limitations on these forward-looking statements.

 Risks
 Related to the Growth of Our Business

 We must
 continually offer new products and technologies

 We sell our products and services in industries that are
 characterized by rapid and significant technological changes,
 frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements,
 and evolving industry standards. Our success depends in large
 part on continuous, timely, cost-effective development and
 introduction of improvements to our existing products and
 services, or new products and services, which address these
 evolving market requirements and are attractive to customers.
 For example, if we do not appropriately innovate and invest in
 new technologies, then our technologies will become dated and
 our customers could move to new technologies offered by our
 competitors and we could lose our competitive position in the
 markets that we serve.

 12

Table of Contents

 These facts require us to make appropriate investments in the
 development and identification of new technologies and products
 and services. As a result, we are continually looking to
 develop, license or acquire new technologies and products and
 services to further broaden and deepen our already broad product
 and service line. If we fail to develop, license or otherwise
 acquire new technologies, our customers will likely purchase
 products
 and/or
 services from our competitors, significantly harming our
 business. Once we have developed or obtained a new technology,
 to the extent that we fail to introduce new and innovative
 products and services that are accepted by our markets, we may
 not obtain an adequate return on our research and development,
 licensing and acquisition investments and could lose market
 share to our competitors, which would be difficult to regain and
 could seriously damage our business. Some of the factors
 affecting market acceptance of our products and services include:

 • 

 availability, quality and price as compared to competitive
 products and services;

 • 

 the functionality of new and existing products and services, and
 their conformity to industry standards and regulatory standards
 that may be applicable to our customers;

 • 

 the timing of introduction of our products and services as
 compared to competitive products and services;

 • 

 scientists’ and customers’ opinions of the
 product’s or services’ utility and our ability to
 incorporate their feedback into future products and services;

 • 

 the extent to which new products and services are within the
 scope of our proven expertise;

 • 

 citation of the products and services in published
 research; and

 • 

 general trends in life sciences research and life science
 informatics software development.

 We must
 be able to manufacture new and improved products to meet
 customer demand on a timely and cost-effective basis

 We must be able to resolve in a timely manner manufacturing
 issues that may arise from time to time as we commence
 production of our complex products. Unanticipated difficulties
 or delays in manufacturing improved or new products in
 sufficient quantities to meet customer demand could diminish
 future demand for our products and harm our business.

 We may
 not successfully integrate the Applied Biosystems business or
 realize all of the anticipated benefits of our merger with
 Applied Biosystems

 On November 21, 2008, we completed the merger with Applied
 Biosystems, a leading worldwide biotechnology company similar in
 size to our company prior to the acquisition, whereby, among
 other things, Applied Biosystems become a wholly owned
 subsidiary of the Company. To be successful after the merger, we
 need to combine and integrate the separate organizations and
 operations of the two companies. The combination of two
 independent companies, particularly in the case of an
 acquisition of this size, is a complex, costly, and
 time-consuming process. As a result, we must devote significant
 management attention and resources to integrating the diverse
 business practices and operations of the two companies. We may
 encounter difficulties that could harm the combined businesses,
 adversely affect our financial condition, and cause our stock
 price to decline, including the following:

 • 

 We may have difficulty maintaining employee morale and retaining
 key managers and other employees as we take steps to combine the
 personnel and business cultures of two separate organizations
 into one, and to eliminate duplicate positions and functions;

 • 

 We may have difficulty preserving important relationships with
 others, such as strategic partners, customers, and suppliers,
 who may delay or defer decisions on agreements with us, or seek
 to change existing agreements with us, because of the merger;

 • 

 We may encounter unanticipated issues in integrating complex
 information technology, communications, and other systems used
 by the separate companies;

 • 

 We may identify incompatible methods, practices, or policies
 used by the sales and marketing functions of the separate
 companies that make it difficult for us to coordinate those
 functions efficiently and in a manner that results in
 anticipated product and service synergies; and

 • 

 Our integration efforts may result in substantially greater
 costs and expenses than currently anticipated, and we may
 identify liabilities of the combined business that were not
 anticipated.

 13

Table of Contents

 The integration process may divert the attention of our officers
 and management from day-to-day operations and disrupt our
 business, particularly if we encounter these types of
 difficulties. We have not previously completed a merger or
 acquisition comparable in size or scope to this transaction. The
 failure of the combined company to meet the challenges involved
 in the integration process could cause an interruption of, or a
 loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined company and
 could seriously harm our results of operations.

 Even if the operations of the two organizations are integrated
 successfully, the combined company may not fully realize the
 expected benefits of the transaction, including the synergies,
 cost savings, or sales or growth opportunities. These benefits
 may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at
 all. The success of the combined company depends on many factors
 outside of our control, including for example general economic
 conditions, the level of governmental funding of life sciences
 research and development, demand for the types of products and
 services that we offer, market acceptance of our products and
 services, the availability of supplies needed for our products
 and services, and the level of competition from other companies.

 Our
 future growth depends in part on our ability to acquire new
 products, services, and technologies through additional
 acquisitions, which may absorb significant resources and may not
 be successful

 As part of our strategy to develop and identify new products,
 services, and technologies, we have made and continue to make
 acquisitions. Our integration of the operations of acquired
 businesses requires significant efforts, including the
 coordination of information technologies, research and
 development, sales and marketing, operations, manufacturing and
 finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and divert
 significant amounts of management’s time from other
 projects. Our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the
 growth of the combined company could also have an adverse impact
 on our business. In addition, there is no guarantee that some of
 the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so.
 If our acquisitions do not reach our initial expectations, we
 may record unexpected impairment charges. Our acquisitions
 involve a number of risks and financial, managerial and
 operational challenges, including the following, any of which
 could cause significant operating inefficiencies and adversely
 affect our growth and profitability:

 • 

 any acquired business, technology, service or product could
 under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we
 paid for it;

 • 

 we could experience difficulty in integrating personnel,
 operations and financial and other systems;

 • 

 we could have difficulty in retaining key managers and other
 employees of the acquired company;

 • 

 acquisition-related earnings charges could adversely impact
 operating results;

 • 

 acquisitions could place unanticipated demands on our
 management, operational resources and financial and internal
 control systems;

 • 

 we may be unable to achieve cost savings anticipated in
 connection with the integration of an acquired business; and

 • 

 in an acquisition we may assume known contingent liabilities
 that become realized, known liabilities that prove greater than
 anticipated, unknown liabilities that come to light or
 deficiencies in internal controls, and the realization of any of
 these liabilities or deficiencies may increase our expenses and
 adversely affect our financial position.

 We face
 significant competition

 The markets for our products and services are very competitive
 and price sensitive. Our competitors, which could include some
 of our customers, such as large pharmaceutical companies, have
 significant financial, operational, sales and marketing
 resources, and experience in research and development. Our
 competitors could develop new technologies that compete with our
 products and services or even render our products and services
 obsolete. If a competitor develops a superior technology or
 cost-effective alternatives to our products and services, our
 business could be seriously harmed.

 The markets for some of our products, such as electrophoresis
 products, custom primers, amplification products and fetal
 bovine serum, are also subject to specific competitive risks.
 These markets are highly price competitive. Our competitors have
 competed in the past by lowering prices on certain products. If
 they did so again

 14

Table of Contents

 we may be forced to respond by lowering our prices and thereby
 reduce our revenues and profits. Failure to anticipate and
 respond to price competition may hurt our market share.

 We believe that customers in our markets display a significant
 amount of loyalty to their initial supplier of a particular
 product. Therefore, it may be difficult to generate sales to
 potential customers who have purchased products from
 competitors. Additionally, there are numerous scientists making
 materials themselves instead of using kits or reagents that we
 supply. To the extent we are unable to be the first to develop
 and supply new products; customers may buy from our competitors
 or make materials themselves, causing our competitive position
 to suffer.

 Consolidation
 trends in both our market and that of our customers have
 increased competition.

 There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our
 markets for the past several years. We expect this trend toward
 industry consolidation to continue as companies attempt to
 strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving
 industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue
 operations. We believe that industry consolidation may result in
 stronger competitors that are better able to compete as
 sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more
 variability in operating results and could harm our business.

 Additionally, there has been a trend toward consolidation in
 many of the customer markets we sell to, in particular the
 pharmaceutical industry. Consolidation in our customer markets
 results in increased competition for important market segments
 and fewer available accounts, and larger consolidated customers
 may be able to exert increased pricing pressure on companies in
 our market.

 Adverse
 conditions in the global economy and disruption of financial
 markets may significantly harm our revenue, profitability and
 results of operations.

 The global economy is currently experiencing a significant
 economic downturn. An economic downturn in the businesses or
 geographic areas in which we sell our products
 and/or
 services, such as one that we are currently experiencing, could
 reduce demand for these products

and/or
 services and result in a decrease in sales volume that could
 have a negative impact on our results of operations. Global
 credit and capital markets have experienced unprecedented
 volatility and disruption. Business credit and liquidity have
 tightened in much of the world. Volatility and disruption of
 financial markets could limit our customers’ ability to
 obtain adequate financing or credit to purchase and pay for our
 products

and/or
 services in a timely manner, or to maintain operations, and
 result in a decrease in sales volume that could harm our results
 of operations. General concerns about the fundamental soundness
 of domestic and international economies may also cause our
 customers to reduce their purchases. Changes in governmental
 banking, monetary and fiscal policies to restore liquidity and
 increase credit availability may not be effective. Significant
 government investment and allocation of resources to assist the
 economic recovery of sectors which do not include our customers
 may reduce the resources available for government grants and
 related funding for life sciences research and development.
 Economic conditions and market turbulence may also impact our
 suppliers’ ability to supply us with sufficient quantities
 of product components in a timely manner, which could impair our
 ability to manufacture our products. It is difficult to
 determine the extent of the economic and financial market
 problems and the many ways in which they may affect our
 suppliers, customers and our business in general. Continuation
 or further deterioration of these financial and macroeconomic
 conditions could significantly harm our sales, profitability and
 results of operations.

 A
 significant portion of our sales are dependent upon our
 customers’ capital spending policies and research and
 development budgets, and government funding of research and
 development programs at universities and other organizations,
 which are subject to significant and unexpected
 decreases

 Our customers include pharmaceutical and biotechnology
 companies, academic institutions, government laboratories, and
 private foundations. Fluctuations in the research and
 development budgets at these organizations could have a
 significant effect on the demand for our products and services.
 Research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in
 available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology
 companies, spending priorities, general economic conditions, and
 institutional and governmental budgetary policies. Also, a
 significant portion of our instrument product sales are capital
 purchases by our customers, and these policies fluctuate due to
 similar factors. Our business could be seriously damaged by any
 significant decrease in capital equipment purchases

 15

Table of Contents

 or life sciences research and development expenditures by
 pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic
 institutions, government laboratories, or private foundations.

 The timing and amount of revenues from customers that rely on
 government funding of research may vary significantly due to
 factors that can be difficult to forecast. Research funding for
 life science research has increased more slowly during the past
 several years compared to the previous years and has declined in
 some countries, and some grants have been frozen for extended
 periods of time or otherwise become unavailable to various
 institutions, sometimes without advance notice. In particular,
 approximately 20% of our sales have been to researchers whose
 funding is dependent upon grants from the NIH. Although the
 level of research funding increased significantly during the
 years of 1999 through 2003, increases for fiscal 2004 through
 2008 were significantly lower. Government funding of research
 and development is subject to the political process, which is
 inherently fluid and unpredictable. Other programs, such as
 homeland security or defense, or general efforts to reduce the
 federal budget deficit could be viewed by the
 U.S. government as a higher priority. These budgetary
 pressures may result in reduced allocations to government
 agencies that fund research and development activities. Past
 proposals to reduce budget deficits have included reduced NIH
 and other research and development allocations. Any shift away
 from the funding of life sciences research and development or
 delays surrounding the approval of government budget proposals
 may cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our
 products, which could seriously damage our business.

 Our U.S. customers generally receive funds from approved
 grants at particular times of the year, as determined by the
 U.S. federal government. In the past, such grants have been
 frozen for extended periods or have otherwise become unavailable
 to various institutions without advance notice. The timing of
 the receipt of grant funds affects the timing of purchase
 decisions by our customers and, as a result, can cause
 fluctuations in our sales and operating results.

 Some of
 our customers are requiring us to change our purchasing
 arrangements to lower their costs which may limit our pricing
 flexibility and harm our business

 Some of our customers have developed purchasing initiatives to
 reduce the number of vendors from which they purchase to lower
 their supply costs. In some cases these accounts have
 established agreements with large distributors, which include
 discounts and the distributors’ direct involvement with the
 purchasing process. These activities may force us to supply the
 large distributors with our products at a discount to reach
 those customers. For similar reasons, many larger customers,
 including the U.S. government, have requested and may in
 the future request, special pricing arrangements, including
 blanket purchase agreements. These agreements may limit our
 pricing flexibility, which could harm our business, financial
 condition, and results of operations. For a limited number of
 customers, we have made sales, at the customer’s request,
 through third-party online intermediaries, to whom we are
 required to pay commissions. If such intermediary sales grow, it
 could have a negative impact on our gross margins.

 Risks
 Related to the Development and Manufacturing of Our
 Products

 Our
 business depends on our ability to license new technologies from
 others

 We believe our ability to in-license new technologies from third
 parties is and will continue to be critical to our ability to
 offer new products and therefore to our business. A significant
 portion of our current revenues is from products manufactured or
 sold under licenses from third parties. Our ability to gain
 access to technologies that we need for new products and
 services depends in part on our ability to convince inventors
 and their agents or assignees that we can successfully
 commercialize their inventions. We cannot guarantee that we will
 be able to continue to identify new technologies of interest to
 our customers, which are developed by others. Even if we are
 able to identify new technologies of interest, we may not be
 able to negotiate a license on acceptable terms, or at all.

 Our
 business could be harmed if we lose rights to technologies that
 we have licensed from others

 Several of our licenses, such as licenses for biological
 materials, have finite terms. We may not be able to renew these
 existing licenses on favorable terms, or at all. Licenses for
 biological materials such as antibodies are of growing
 significance to our product and service offerings. If we lose
 the rights to a biological material or a patented technology, we
 may need to stop selling these products
 and/or
 services and possibly other products and services,

 16

Table of Contents

 redesign our products, or lose a competitive advantage. While
 some of our licenses are exclusive to us in certain markets,
 potential competitors could also in-license technologies that we
 fail to license exclusively and potentially erode our market
 share for these and other products and services. Our licenses
 also typically subject us to various economic and
 commercialization obligations. If we fail to comply with these
 obligations we could lose important rights under a license, such
 as exclusivity. In some cases, we could lose all rights under a
 license. Loss of such rights could, in some cases, harm our
 business.

 In addition, some rights granted under the license could be lost
 for reasons outside of our control. For example, the licensor
 could lose patent protection for a number of reasons, including
 invalidity of the licensed patent, or a third party could obtain
 a patent that curtails our freedom to operate under one or more
 licenses. Changes in patent law could affect the value of the
 licensed technology. We may receive third-party claims of
 intellectual property infringement for which we may not be
 indemnified by the licensor.

 Violation
 of government regulations or voluntary quality programs could
 harm demand for our products or services

 Some of our products and test services are regulated by the
 U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and comparable
 agencies in other countries as medical devices, pharmaceuticals,
 or biologics. As a result we must register with the state and
 federal FDA as both a medical device and diagnostic manufacturer
 and a manufacturer of drug products and comply with all required
 regulations. Failure to comply with these regulations can lead
 to sanctions by the FDA, such as written observations made
 following inspections, warning letters, product recalls, fines,
 product seizures, and consent decrees. Test data for use in
 client submissions with the FDA could be disqualified. If the
 FDA were to take such actions, the FDA’s sanctions would be
 available to the public. This publicity could harm our ability
 to sell these regulated products globally.

 Medical device laws and regulations are also in effect in many
 countries, ranging from comprehensive device approval
 requirements to requests for product data or certifications. The
 number and scope of these requirements are increasing. We may
 not be able to obtain regulatory approvals in such countries or
 may incur significant costs in obtaining or maintaining our
 foreign regulatory approvals. In addition, the export by us of
 certain of our products which have not yet been cleared for
 domestic commercial distribution may be subject to FDA or other
 export restrictions.

 Additionally, some of our customers use our products and
 services in the manufacturing process for their drug and medical
 device products, and such end products are regulated by the FDA
 under Quality System Regulations, or QSR. Although the customer
 is ultimately responsible for QSR compliance for their products,
 it is also the customer’s expectation that the materials
 sold to them will meet QSR requirements. We could lose sales and
 customers and be exposed to product liability claims, if our
 products do not meet QSR requirements.

 ISO 13485 is an internationally recognized voluntary quality
 standard that requires compliance with a variety of quality
 requirements somewhat similar to the QSR requirements. Our
 facilities in Camarillo, California; Frederick, Maryland; Grand
 Island, New York; Madison, Wisconsin; Bromborough, United
 Kingdom; Paisley, Scotland; Oslo, Norway; and Singapore are each
 intended to comply with ISO 13485. Failure to comply with this
 voluntary standard can lead to observations of non-compliance or
 even suspension of ISO certification by the registrar. If we
 lose ISO certification, this loss could cause some customers to
 purchase products from other suppliers.

 If we violate a government mandated or voluntary quality
 program, we may incur additional expense to come back into
 compliance with the government mandated or voluntary standards.
 That expense may be material and we may not have anticipated
 that expense in our financial forecasts. Our financial results
 could suffer as a result of these increased expenses.

 17

Table of Contents

 We rely
 on other companies for the manufacture of some of our products
 and also for the supply of some components of the products we
 manufacture on our own which may hinder our ability to satisfy
 customer demand

 Although we have contracts with most of these manufacturers and
 suppliers, their operations could be disrupted. These
 disruptions could be caused by conditions unrelated to our
 business or operations, including the current global economic
 downturn. Although we have our own manufacturing facilities, and
 generally believe we might be able to manufacture some of the
 products and components currently sourced from other companies,
 we also believe that it could take considerable time and
 resources for us to establish the capability to do so.
 Accordingly, if these other manufacturers or suppliers are
 unable or fail to fulfill their obligations to us, we might not
 be able to satisfy customer demand in a timely manner, and our
 business could be harmed.

 Risks
 Related to Our Operations

 Loss of
 key personnel may adversely affect our business

 Our products and services are highly technical in nature. In
 general, only highly qualified and trained scientists have the
 necessary skills to develop and market our products and provide
 our services. In addition, some of our manufacturing positions
 are highly technical as well. We face intense competition for
 these professionals from our competitors, customers, marketing
 partners, and other companies throughout our industry. We do not
 generally enter into employment agreements requiring these
 employees to continue in our employment for any period of time.
 Any failure on our part to hire, train, and retain a sufficient
 number of qualified employees could seriously damage our
 business. Additionally, integration of acquired companies and
 businesses can be disruptive, causing key employees of the
 acquired business to leave. Further, we use stock options,
 restricted stock, and restricted stock units/awards to provide
 incentives to these individuals to remain with us and to build
 their long-term stockholder value to align their interests with
 those of the Company. If our stock price decreases, this reduces
 the value of these equity awards and therefore a key
 employee’s incentive to stay. If we were to lose a
 sufficient number of our key employees and were unable to
 replace them, these losses could seriously damage our business.

 We have
 substantial indebtedness, which could adversely affect our cash
 flows, business and financial condition

 As of December 31, 2008, we had outstanding indebtedness of
 approximately $3.5 billion. As of December 31, 2008,
 we also had availability of $237.1 million (net of
 outstanding borrowings of zero and standby letters of credit of
 $12.9 million) under our revolving credit facility.

 Our substantial level of debt could, among other things:

 • 

 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow
 from operations to the servicing and repayment of our debt,
 thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital
 expenditures, dividends, acquisitions and other purposes;

 • 

 increase our vulnerability to, and limit our flexibility in
 planning for, adverse economic and industry conditions;

 • 

 adversely affect our credit rating, with the result that the
 cost of servicing our indebtedness might increase;

 • 

 limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future
 working capital, capital expenditures, additional acquisitions
 and other general corporate requirements;

 • 

 create competitive disadvantages compared to other companies
 with less indebtedness;

 • 

 adversely affect our stock price;

 • 

 limit our ability to apply proceeds from an offering, debt
 incurrence or asset sale to purposes other than the servicing
 and repayment of our debt; and

 • 

 limit our ability to pay dividends and repurchase stock.

 18

Table of Contents

 Our
 credit facilities contain restrictions that limit our
 flexibility in operating our business

 Our credit facilities contain various covenants that limit our
 ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These
 covenants limit our and our subsidiaries’ ability to, among
 other things:

 • 

 incur additional indebtedness (including guarantees or other
 contingent obligations);

 • 

 pay dividends on, repurchase, or make distributions in respect
 of our common stock or make other restricted payments;

 • 

 make specified investments (including loans and advances);

 • 

 sell or transfer assets;

 • 

 create liens;

 • 

 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or
 substantially all of our assets; and

 • 

 enter into certain transactions with our affiliates.

 In addition, under our credit facilities, we are required to
 satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios and other
 financial condition tests. Our ability to meet those financial
 ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control,
 and we cannot be assured that we will meet those ratios and
 tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a
 default under our credit facilities. Upon the occurrence of an
 event of default under our credit facilities, our lenders could
 elect to declare all amounts outstanding under our credit
 facilities to be immediately due and payable and terminate all
 commitments to extend further credit. If we were unable to repay
 those amounts, the lenders under our credit facilities could
 proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure such
 indebtedness. We have pledged substantially all of our and our
 domestic subsidiaries’ assets as collateral under our
 credit facilities.

 We could
 incur more indebtedness, which may increase the risks associated
 with our substantial leverage, including our ability to service
 our indebtedness and pay dividends on our common stock

 The indentures governing our senior convertible notes and our
 credit facilities permit us, under some circumstances, to incur
 a significant amount of additional indebtedness. For example,
 our credit facilities allow us to incur up to an additional
 $500.0 million of incremental term loans or revolving
 commitments under our credit facility, subject to certain
 conditions. In addition, we may incur additional indebtedness
 through our revolving credit facility. If we incur additional
 debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage,
 including our ability to service our debt and pay dividends on
 our common stock, would increase. This, in turn, could
 negatively affect the market price of our common stock.

 We could
 lose the tax deduction for interest expense associated with our
 convertible senior notes due in 2023, the convertible senior
 notes due in 2024 and the convertible senior notes due in
 2025

 We could lose some or all of the tax deduction for interest
 expense associated with our convertible senior notes due in
 2023, the convertible senior notes due in 2024, and the
 convertible senior notes due in 2025 if, under certain
 circumstances, the foregoing notes are not subject to the
 special Treasury Regulations governing contingent payment debt
 instruments or the exchange of these notes is deemed to be a
 taxable exchange. We also could lose the tax deduction for
 interest expense associated with the foregoing notes if we were
 to invest in non-taxable investments.

 We will
 record a significant increase in interest expense upon the
 adoption of FSP APB14-1

 In May of 2008, FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. APB
 14-1,

Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments that May be
 Settled in Cash upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash
 Settlement) (“FSP

APB 14-1”)
 that significantly impacts the accounting for convertible debt.
 The FSP requires cash settled convertible debt, such as our
 $1,150 million aggregate principal amount of convertible
 notes that are currently outstanding, to be separated into debt
 and equity components at issuance and a value to be assigned to
 each. The value assigned to the debt component is the estimated
 fair value, as of the issuance date, of a similar bond without
 the conversion feature. The difference between the bond cash
 proceeds and this estimated fair value is recorded as a debt
 discount and amortized to interest expense over the life of the
 bond. Although FSP APB

14-1 will
 have no impact on our actual past or future cash flows, it
 requires us to record a significant amount of non-cash interest
 expense as the debt discount is

 19

Table of Contents

 amortized. As a result, there will be a material adverse impact
 on our earnings from operations and earnings per share.

 Our
 federal, state and local income tax returns may, from time to
 time, be selected for audit by the taxing authorities, which may
 result in tax assessments or penalties.

 We are subject to federal, state and local taxes in the U.S and
 abroad. Significant judgment is required in determining the
 provision for taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are
 reasonable, if the IRS or other taxing authority disagrees with
 the positions taken by the Company on its tax returns, we could
 have additional tax liability, including interest and penalties.
 If material, payment of such additional amounts upon final
 adjudication of any disputes could have a material impact on our
 results of operations and financial position.

 Our
 business, particularly the development and marketing of
 information-based products and services, depends on the
 continuous, effective, reliable, and secure operation of our
 computer hardware, software, and Internet applications and
 related tools and functions.

 Our business requires manipulating and analyzing large amounts
 of data, and communicating the results of the analysis to our
 internal research personnel and to our customers via the
 Internet. Also, we rely on a global enterprise software system
 to operate and manage our business. Our business therefore
 depends on the continuous, effective, reliable, and secure
 operation of our computer hardware, software, networks, Internet
 servers, and related infrastructure. To the extent that our
 hardware or software malfunctions or access to our data by
 internal research personnel or customers through the Internet is
 interrupted, our business could suffer.

 Our computer and communications hardware is protected through
 physical and software safeguards. However, it is still
 vulnerable to fire, storm, flood, power loss, earthquakes,
 telecommunications failures, physical or software break-ins,
 software viruses, and similar events. In addition, our online
 products and services are complex and sophisticated, and as
 such, could contain data, design, or software errors that could
 be difficult to detect and correct. Software defects could be
 found in current or future products. If we fail to maintain and
 further develop the necessary computer capacity and data to
 support our computational needs and our customers’ access
 to information-based product and service offerings, we could
 experience a loss of or delay in revenues or market acceptance.
 In addition, any sustained disruption in Internet access
 provided by other companies could harm our business.

 Business
 disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and
 financial condition and increase our costs and
 expenses

 Our worldwide operations could be subject to earthquakes, power
 shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages,
 tsunamis, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather
 conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or manmade
 disasters or business interruptions, for which we are
 predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these
 business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and
 financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our
 corporate headquarters, and a portion of our principal research
 and development, manufacturing and administrative facilities,
 are located in California, and other critical business
 operations and some of our suppliers are located in California
 and Asia, near major earthquake faults and fire zones. The
 ultimate impact on us, our significant suppliers and our general
 infrastructure of being located near major earthquake faults,
 fire zones and being consolidated in certain geographical areas
 is unknown, but our revenue, profitability and financial
 condition could suffer in the event of a major earthquake, fire
 or other natural disaster.

 Risks
 Related to Our International Operations

 International
 unrest or foreign currency fluctuations could cause volatility
 in our international sales and our financial results.

 Our products are currently marketed in approximately 100
 countries throughout the world. Our international revenues,
 which include revenues from our
 non-U.S. subsidiaries
 and export sales from the U.S., represented 56% of our product
 revenues in 2008, 53% of our product revenues in 2007 and 46% of
 our product revenues in 2006. We

 20

Table of Contents

 expect that international revenues will continue to account for
 a significant percentage of our revenues for the foreseeable
 future. There are a number of risks arising from our
 international business, including those related to:

 • 

 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, potentially
 reducing the U.S. Dollars we receive for sales denominated
 in foreign currency;

 • 

 the possibility that unfriendly nations or groups could boycott
 our products;

 • 

 general economic and political conditions in the markets in
 which we operate;

 • 

 potential increased costs associated with overlapping tax
 structures;

 • 

 potential trade restrictions and exchange controls;

 • 

 more limited protection for intellectual property rights in some
 countries;

 • 

 difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing
 foreign operations;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

 • 

 the difficulties of compliance with a wide variety of foreign
 laws and regulations;

 • 

 longer accounts receivable cycles in certain foreign countries,
 whether due to cultural differences, exchange rate fluctuation
 or other factors;

 • 

 import and export licensing requirements; and

 • 

 changes to our distribution networks.

 A significant portion of our revenues are received in currencies
 other than the U.S. dollar, which is our reporting
 currency. Most of our costs, however, are incurred in
 U.S. dollars. While we have at times attempted to hedge our
 net cash flows in currencies other than the U.S. dollar,
 our hedging program relies in part on forecasts of these cash
 flows. As a result, we cannot guarantee this program will
 adequately protect our cash flows from the full effects of
 exchange rate fluctuations. We also continually evaluate the
 costs and benefits of our hedging program and cannot guarantee
 that we will continue to conduct hedging activities. As a
 result, fluctuations in exchange rates for the currencies in
 which we do business have caused and will continue to cause
 fluctuations in the US dollar value of our financial results. We
 cannot predict the effects of currency exchange rate
 fluctuations upon our future financial results because of the
 number of currencies involved, the variability of currency
 exposures and the volatility of currency exchange rates.

 Risks
 Related to Our Intellectual Property

 We may
 not be able to effectively and efficiently protect and enforce
 our proprietary technology

 Our success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to
 develop proprietary products and technologies. When we develop
 such technologies, we routinely seek patent protection in the
 United States and abroad to the extent permitted by law.
 However, the intellectual property rights of biotechnology
 companies, including us, involve complex factual, scientific,
 and legal questions. We cannot assure you that patents will be
 granted on any of our patent applications or that the scope of
 any of our issued patents will be sufficiently broad to offer
 meaningful protection. Even if we receive a patent that we
 believe is valid for a particular technology, we may not be able
 to realize the expected value to us from that technology due to
 several factors, including the following:

 • 

 Although we have licensing programs to provide industry access
 to some of our patent rights, some other companies have in the
 past refused to participate in these licensing programs and some
 companies may refuse to participate in them in the future. Also,
 our licenses typically provide our customers with access for
 limited use of our technology, such as for certain fields of use
 or to provide certain kinds of products and services. The
 validity of the restrictions contained in these licenses could
 be contested, and we cannot provide assurances that we would
 either be aware of an unauthorized use or be able to enforce the
 restrictions in a cost-effective manner;

 • 

 Legal actions to enforce patent rights can be expensive and may
 involve the diversion of significant management time. Our
 enforcement actions may not be successful, and furthermore they
 could give risk to legal claims against us and could result in
 the invalidation of some of our intellectual property rights or
 legal determinations that they are not enforceable;

 • 

 We only seek to have patents issued in selected countries. Third
 parties can make, use and sell products covered by our patents
 in any country in which we do not have patent protection;

 21

Table of Contents

 • 

 Our issued patents or patents we exclusively license from others
 could be successfully challenged through legal actions or other
 proceedings, such as by challenging the validity and scope of a
 patent with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or
 USPTO, foreign patent offices, or the International Trade
 Commission. These actions or proceedings could result in
 amendments to or rejection of certain patent claims; and

 • 

 Judicial decisions in third party litigation and legislative
 changes could harm the value of our patents and the
 effectiveness of our label licenses by altering our rights to
 our technology.

 We are
 currently, and could in the future be, subject to lawsuits,
 arbitrations, investigations, and other legal actions with
 private parties and governmental entities, particularly
 involving claims for infringement of patents and other
 intellectual property rights, and we may need to obtain licenses
 to intellectual property from others.

 The outcome of legal actions is inherently uncertain, and we
 cannot be sure that we will prevail in any of these actions. An
 adverse determination in some of our current legal actions could
 harm our business and financial condition. Our products are
 based on complex, rapidly developing technologies. These
 products could be developed without knowledge of previously
 filed patent applications that mature into patents that cover
 some aspect of these technologies. In addition, we may seek to
 protect and commercialize a technology though we are aware that
 patents have been applied for and, in some cases, issued to
 others claiming technologies that are closely related to ours.
 Because patent litigation is complex and the outcome inherently
 uncertain, our belief that our products do not infringe valid
 and enforceable patents owned by others could be successfully
 challenged. We have from time to time been notified that we may
 be infringing patents and other intellectual property rights of
 others. Also, in the course of our business, we may from time to
 time have access to confidential or proprietary information of
 others, and they could bring a claim against us asserting that
 we had misappropriated their technologies, which though not
 patented are protected as trade secrets, and had improperly
 incorporated those technologies into our products.

 Due to these factors, litigation regarding patents and other
 intellectual property rights is extensive in the biotechnology
 industry, and there remains a constant risk of intellectual
 property litigation and other legal actions affecting us, which
 could include antitrust claims. We have been made a party to
 litigation and have been subject to other legal actions
 regarding intellectual property matters, which have included
 claims of violations of antitrust laws. These actions, some of
 which, if determined adversely, could harm our business and
 financial condition. To avoid or settle legal claims, it may be
 necessary or desirable in the future to obtain licenses relating
 to one or more products or relating to current or future
 technologies. We may not be able to obtain these licenses or
 other rights on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and
 might need to discontinue an important product or product line
 or alter our products and processes. In some situations,
 settlement of claims may require an agreement to cease allegedly
 infringing activities.

 We are involved in several legal actions that could affect our
 intellectual property rights and our products and services. The
 cost of litigation and the amount of management time associated
 with these cases has been, and is expected to continue to be,
 significant. These matters might not be resolved favorably. If
 they are not resolved favorably, we could be enjoined from
 selling the products or services in question or other products
 or services as a result, and monetary or other damages could be
 assessed against us. The damages assessed against us could
 include damages for past infringement, which in some cases can
 be trebled by the court. These outcomes could harm our business
 or financial condition.

 Disclosure
 of trade secrets could cause harm to our business

 We attempt to protect our trade secrets by, among other things,
 entering into confidentiality agreements with third parties, our
 employees, and our consultants. However, these agreements can be
 breached and, if they are, there may not be an adequate remedy
 available to us. If our trade secrets become known, we may lose
 our competitive position.

 22

Table of Contents

 Some of
 the intellectual property that is important to our business is
 owned by other companies or institutions and licensed to us, and
 legal actions against them could harm our business

 Even if we are not a party to these legal actions, an adverse
 outcome could harm our business because it might prevent these
 other companies or institutions from continuing to license
 intellectual property that we may need for our business.
 Furthermore, an adverse outcome could result in infringement or
 other legal actions being brought directly against us.

 Risks
 Related to Environmental and Product Liability Issues

 Risks
 related to handling of hazardous materials and other regulations
 governing environmental safety

 Our research and development and manufacturing activities
 involve the use of potentially hazardous materials, including
 biological materials, chemicals, and various radioactive
 compounds. Also, some of our products are hazardous materials or
 include hazardous materials. Our operations also involve the
 generation, transportation and storage of waste. These
 activities are subject to complex and stringent federal, state.
 local, and foreign environmental, health, safety and other
 governmental laws, regulations, and permits governing the use,
 storage, handling, and disposal of hazardous materials and
 specified waste products, as well as the shipment and labeling
 of materials and products containing hazardous materials. Both
 public officials and private individuals or organizations may
 seek to enforce these legal requirements against us. While we
 believe we are in material compliance with these laws,
 regulations, and permits, we could discover that we or an
 acquired business is not in material compliance. Under some laws
 and regulations, a party can be subject to “strict
 liability” for damages caused by some hazardous materials,
 which means that a party can be liable without regard to fault
 or negligence. Existing laws and regulations may also be revised
 or reinterpreted, or new laws and regulations may become
 applicable to us, whether retroactively or prospectively, that
 may have a negative effect on our business and results of
 operations. It is therefore impossible to eliminate completely
 the risk of contamination or injury from the hazardous and other
 materials that we use in our business and products. If we fail
 to comply with any of these laws, regulations, or permits, or if
 we are held strictly liable under any of these laws,
 regulations, or permits despite our compliance, we could be
 subject to substantial fine or penalty, payment of remediation
 costs, loss of permits,
 and/or other
 adverse governmental action, and we could be liable for
 substantial damages. Any of these events could harm our business
 and financial condition.

 In acquiring Dexter Corporation in 2000, we assumed certain of
 Dexter Corporation’s environmental liabilities, including
 clean-up of
 formerly owned locations as well as several hazardous waste
 sites listed on the National Priority List under federal
 Superfund law. We also assumed certain Applied Biosystems
 environmental liabilities, including

clean-up of
 formerly owned locations as well as hazardous waste sites under
 state and federal environmental laws, in connection with our
 acquisition of Applied Biosystems in 2008. Unexpected results
 related to the investigation and

clean-up of
 any of these sites could cause our financial exposure in these
 matters to exceed stated reserves and insurance, requiring us to
 allocate additional funds and other resources to address our
 environmental liabilities, which could cause a material adverse
 effect on our business.

 Potential
 product liability claims could cause harm to our
 business

 We face a potential risk of liability claims based on our
 products or services. We carry product liability insurance
 coverage, which is limited in scope and amount. We cannot assure
 you, however, that we will be able to maintain this insurance at
 a reasonable cost and on reasonable terms. We also cannot assure
 you that this insurance will be adequate to protect us against a
 product liability claim, should one arise.

 Some of our services include the manufacture of biologic
 products to be tested in human clinical trials. We could be held
 liable for errors and omissions in connection with these
 services, even though we are not the party performing the
 clinical trials. In addition, we formulate, test, and
 manufacture products intended for use by the public. These
 activities could expose us to risk of liability for personal
 injury or death to persons using such products. We seek to
 reduce our potential liability through measures such as
 contractual indemnification provisions with clients (the scope
 of which may vary from client-to-client and the performances of
 which are not secured), insurance maintained by clients and
 conducting certain of these businesses through subsidiaries.
 Nonetheless, we could be materially harmed if we were required
 to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with a claim
 that is outside the scope of the

 23

Table of Contents

 indemnification agreements, if the indemnity, although
 applicable, is not performed in accordance with its terms or if
 our liability exceeds the amount of applicable insurance or
 indemnity. In addition, we could be held liable for errors and
 omissions in connection with the services we perform. We
 currently maintain product liability and errors and omissions
 insurance with respect to these risks. There can be no assurance
 that our insurance coverage will be adequate or that insurance
 coverage will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us.

 Risks
 Related to the Market for Our Securities

 Operating
 results and the market price of our stock and convertible notes
 could be volatile

 Our operating results and the price of our stock and convertible
 notes have been in the past, and will continue to be, subject to
 fluctuations as a result of a number of factors, including those
 listed in this section of this Annual Report and those we have
 failed to foresee. Our stock price and the price of our
 convertible notes could also be affected by any: inability to
 meet analysts’ expectations; general fluctuations in the
 stock market, or fluctuations in the stock prices of companies
 in our industry or those of our customers; conditions and
 publicity regarding the genomics, biotechnology, pharmaceutical,
 or life sciences industries generally, including, for example,
 comments by securities analysts or public officials regarding
 such matters. Such volatility has had a significant effect on
 the market prices of many companies’ securities for reasons
 unrelated to their operating performance and has in the past led
 to securities class action litigation. Securities litigation
 against us could result in substantial costs and a diversion of
 our management’s attention and resources, which could have
 an adverse effect on our business.

 The
 factors that affect our operating results and the market price
 for our common stock may have changed because of the merger with
 Applied Biosystems

 The merger with Applied Biosystems in November 2008 involved the
 combination of two different, though complimentary, businesses.
 We have operated the combined businesses for a very limited
 period of time. The extent to which the new, combined business
 will be subject to the various risks and uncertainties of the
 separate businesses is not known, and the results of operations
 of the combined company and the market price of our common stock
 may be affected by factors different from those affecting the
 shares of our common stock
 and/or
 Applied Biosystems common stock prior to the merger. Our results
 of operations and the market price of our common stock may be
 more difficult to predict as a result, and our financial results
 and common stock price may be adversely affected.