You should carefully consider the following risks, together with
 other matters described in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 or incorporated herein by reference in evaluating our business
 and prospects. If any of the following risks occurs, our
 business, financial condition

and/or
 operating results could be harmed. In such case, the trading
 price of our securities could decline, in some cases
 significantly. The risks described below are not the only ones
 we face. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we
 currently deem immaterial, may also impair our business
 operations. Certain statements in this

Form 10-K
 (including certain of the following factors) constitute
 forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled
 “Forward-Looking Statements” on page one of this

Form 10-K
 for important limitations on these forward-looking statements.

 Risks
 Related to the Growth of Our Business

 The
 Company must continually offer new products and
 services

 The Company sells our products and services in industries that
 are characterized by rapid and significant technological
 changes, frequent new product and service introductions and
 enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Our success
 depends in large part on continuous, timely and cost-effective
 development and introduction of new products and services as
 well as improvements to our existing products and services,
 which address these evolving market requirements and are
 attractive to customers. For example, if the Company does not
 appropriately innovate and invest in new technologies, then our
 technologies will become dated and our customers could move to
 new technologies offered by our competitors and we could lose
 our competitive position in the markets that we serve.

 These facts require us to make appropriate investments in the
 development and identification of new technologies and products
 and services. As a result, the Company is continually looking to
 develop, license and acquire new technologies and products and
 services to further broaden and deepen our already broad product
 and service line. Once the Company has developed or obtained a
 new technology, to the extent that we fail to introduce new and
 innovative products and services that are accepted by our
 markets, we may not obtain an adequate return on our research
 and development, licensing and acquisition investments and could
 lose revenue opportunities to our competitors, which would be
 difficult to regain and could seriously damage our business.
 Some of the factors affecting customer acceptance of our
 products and services include:

 • 

 availability, quality and price as compared to competitive
 products and services;

 • 

 the functionality of new and existing products and services, and
 their conformity to industry standards and regulatory standards
 that may be applicable to our customers;

 • 

 the timing of introduction of our products and services as
 compared to competitive products and services;

 • 

 scientists’, clinicians’ and customers’ opinions
 of the product’s or services’ utility and our ability
 to incorporate their feedback into future products and services;

 • 

 the extent to which new products and services are within the
 scope of our proven expertise;

 • 

 citation of the products and services in published
 research; and

 • 

 general trends in life sciences research and life science
 informatics software development.

 12

Table of Contents

 The
 Company’s future growth depends in part on our ability to
 acquire new products, services, and technologies through
 additional acquisitions, which may absorb significant resources
 and may not be successful

 As part of the Company’s strategy to develop and identify
 new products, services, and technologies, we have made, and
 continue to make, acquisitions and investments. In October 2010,
 the Company acquired Ion Torrent, which is developing a
 technology that performs DNA sequencing through the use of
 semiconductor technology. Acquiring and integrating the
 operations of all acquired businesses requires significant
 efforts, the initial outlay of capital and resources as well as
 the coordination of information technologies, research and
 development, sales and marketing, operations, manufacturing and
 finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and divert
 management’s time from other projects. Our failure to
 manage successfully the growth of the acquired company could
 also have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, there
 is no guarantee that some of the businesses we acquire will
 become profitable or remain so. If our acquisitions do not reach
 our initial expectations, we may record unexpected impairment
 charges. Our acquisitions involve a number of risks and
 financial, managerial and operational challenges, including the
 following, any of which could cause significant operating
 inefficiencies and adversely affect our growth and profitability:

 • 

 any acquired business, technology, service or product could
 under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that
 the Company paid for it;

 • 

 the Company could experience difficulty in integrating
 personnel, operations and financial and other systems;

 • 

 the Company could have difficulty in retaining key managers and
 other employees of the acquired company;

 • 

 acquisition-related earnings charges could adversely impact
 operating results;

 • 

 acquisitions could place unanticipated demands on the
 Company’s management, operational resources and financial
 and internal control systems;

 • 

 we may be unable to achieve cost savings anticipated in
 connection with the integration of an acquired business;

 • 

 in an acquisition, the Company may assume contingent liabilities
 that prove greater than anticipated, or deficiencies in internal
 controls, and the realization of any of these liabilities or
 deficiencies may increase our expenses and adversely affect our
 financial position; and

 • 

 we may have disagreements or disputes with the prior owners of
 an acquired business, technology, service or product that may
 result in litigation
 and/or
 resolution expenses and a distraction of our management’s
 attention.

 The
 Company may not successfully manage its current and future
 divestitures, and, as a result, may not achieve some or all of
 the expected benefits of such divestitures

 We continually evaluate the performance and strategic fit of our
 businesses and may decide to sell a business, product line or
 technology based on such an evaluation. Divestitures could
 involve additional risks, including the following:

 • 

 difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products
 and personnel;

 • 

 the diversion of management’s attention from other business
 concerns;

 • 

 the need to agree to retain or assume certain current or future
 liabilities in order to complete the divestiture;

 • 

 the disruption of our business; and

 • 

 the potential loss of key employees.

 Any divestitures may result in significant write-offs, including
 those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which
 could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition. In addition, we may encounter difficulty in
 finding buyers or alternative exit strategies at acceptable
 prices and terms and in a timely manner. We may not be
 successful in managing these or any other significant risks that
 we encounter in divesting a business or product line, and, as a
 result, may not achieve the expected benefits of the divestiture.

 13

Table of Contents

 The
 Company faces significant competition

 The markets for our products and services are very competitive
 and price sensitive. Our competitors, which could include some
 of our customers (such as large pharmaceutical companies) have
 significant financial, operational, sales and marketing
 resources, and experience in research and development. Our
 competitors could develop new technologies that compete with our
 products and services or even render our products and services
 obsolete. If a competitor develops superior technology or
 cost-effective alternatives to our products and services, our
 business could be seriously harmed.

 The markets for some of our products are also subject to
 specific competitive risks. These markets are highly price
 competitive. Our competitors have competed in the past by
 lowering prices on certain products. If they do so again, we may
 be forced to respond by lowering our prices and thereby reduce
 our revenues and profits. Failure to anticipate and respond to
 price competition may hurt our competitive position.

 The Company believes that customers in our markets display a
 significant amount of loyalty to their initial supplier of a
 particular product. Therefore, it may be difficult to generate
 sales to potential customers who have purchased products from
 competitors. Additionally, there are numerous scientists making
 materials themselves instead of using kits or reagents that we
 supply. To the extent we are unable to be the first to develop
 and supply new products, customers may buy from our competitors
 or make materials themselves, causing our competitive position
 to suffer.

 Consolidation
 trends in both our market and that of our customers have
 increased competition

 There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our
 markets for the past several years. We expect this trend toward
 industry consolidation to continue as companies attempt to
 strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving
 industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue
 operations. We believe that industry consolidation may result in
 stronger competitors that are better able to compete as
 sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more
 variability in our operating results and could harm our business.

 Additionally, there has been a trend toward consolidation among
 our customers, notably, in the pharmaceutical industry.
 Consolidation in our customer markets results in increased
 competition for important market segments and fewer available
 accounts. Larger consolidated customers may be able to exert
 increased pricing pressure on us.

 Adverse
 conditions in the global economy and disruption of financial
 markets may significantly harm our revenue, profitability and
 results of operations

 The global economy has experienced a significant economic
 downturn. Continued or worsening economic conditions in the
 businesses or geographic areas in which we sell our products
 and/or
 services could reduce demand for our products

and/or
 services and result in a decrease in sales volume that could
 have a negative impact on our results of operations. Global
 credit and capital markets have experienced unprecedented
 volatility and disruption. Business credit and liquidity have
 tightened in much of the world. Volatility and disruption of
 financial markets could limit our customers’ ability to
 obtain adequate financing or credit to purchase and pay for our
 products

and/or
 services in a timely manner, or to maintain operations, which
 may result in a decrease in sales volume that could harm our
 results of operations. General concerns about the fundamental
 soundness of domestic and international economies may also cause
 our customers to reduce their purchases. Changes in governmental
 banking, monetary and fiscal policies to address liquidity and
 increase credit availability may not be effective. Significant
 government investment and allocation of resources to assist the
 economic recovery of sectors that do not include our customers
 may reduce the resources available for government grants and
 related funding for life sciences research and development.
 Economic conditions and market turbulence may also impact our
 suppliers’ ability to supply us with sufficient quantities
 of product components in a timely manner, which could impair our
 ability to manufacture our products. It is difficult to
 determine the extent of the economic and financial market
 problems and the many ways in which they may affect our
 suppliers, customers and our business in general. Continuation
 or further deterioration of these financial and macroeconomic
 conditions could significantly harm our sales, profitability and
 results of operations.

 14

Table of Contents

 We may
 need additional financing in the future to meet our capital
 needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions and such financing
 may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and may be
 dilutive to existing stockholders.

 We intend to continue to invest in our business, including
 investing in research and development activities, expanding our
 sales and marketing activities, and continuing to make
 acquisitions. Our ability to take these and other actions may be
 limited by our available liquidity. As a consequence, in the
 future, we may need to seek additional financing. We may be
 unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms
 favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain any
 needed adequate funds for such matters on acceptable terms, we
 may be unable to fund our expansion, successfully develop or
 enhance products or respond to competitive pressures, any of
 which could negatively affect our business. If we raise
 additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, our
 stockholders will experience dilution of their ownership
 interest. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may
 be subject to limitations on our operations due to restrictive
 covenants.

 Additionally, our ability to make scheduled payments or
 refinance our obligations will depend on our operating and
 financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing
 economic conditions and financial, business and other factors
 beyond our control. Recent disruptions in the financial markets,
 including the bankruptcy or restructuring of a number of
 financial institutions and reduced lending activity, may
 adversely affect the availability, terms and cost of credit in
 the future. We cannot be sure that recent government initiatives
 in response to the disruptions in the financial markets will
 stabilize the markets in general or increase liquidity and the
 availability of credit to us.

 A
 significant portion of our sales are dependent upon our
 customers’ capital spending policies and research and
 development budgets, and government funding of research and
 development programs at universities and other organizations,
 which are each subject to significant and unexpected
 decreases

 Our customers include pharmaceutical and biotechnology
 companies, academic institutions, government laboratories, and
 private foundations. Fluctuations in the research and
 development budgets at these organizations could have a
 significant effect on the demand for our products and services.
 Research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in
 available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology
 companies, spending priorities, general economic conditions, and
 institutional and governmental budgetary policies. In addition,
 a significant portion of our instrument product sales are
 capital purchases by our customers, and these policies fluctuate
 due to similar factors. Our business could be seriously damaged
 by any significant decrease in capital equipment purchases or
 life sciences research and development expenditures by
 pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic
 institutions, government laboratories, or private foundations.

 The timing and amount of revenues from customers that rely on
 government funding of research may vary significantly due to
 factors that can be difficult to forecast. Research funding for
 life science research has increased more slowly during the past
 several years compared to the previous years and has declined in
 some countries, and some grants have been frozen for extended
 periods of time or otherwise become unavailable to various
 institutions, sometimes without advance notice. Government
 funding of research and development is subject to the political
 process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Other
 programs, such as homeland security or defense, or general
 efforts to reduce the federal budget deficit could be viewed by
 the United States government as a higher priority. These
 budgetary pressures may result in reduced allocations to
 government agencies that fund research and development
 activities. Past proposals to reduce budget deficits have
 included reduced NIH and other research and development
 allocations. Any shift away from the funding of life sciences
 research and development or delays surrounding the approval of
 government budget proposals may cause our customers to delay or
 forego purchases of our products, which could seriously damage
 our business.

 Our United States customers generally receive funds from
 approved grants at particular times of the year, as determined
 by the United States federal government. In the past, such
 grants have been frozen for extended periods or have otherwise
 become unavailable to various institutions without advance
 notice. The timing of the receipt of grant funds affects the
 timing of purchase decisions by our customers and, as a result,
 can cause fluctuations in our sales and operating results.

 15

Table of Contents

 Some of
 our customers are requiring us to change our sales arrangements
 to lower their costs, which may limit our pricing flexibility
 and harm our business

 Some of our customers have developed purchasing initiatives to
 reduce the number of vendors from which they purchase to lower
 their supply costs. In some cases, these accounts have
 established agreements with large distributors, which include
 discounts and the distributors’ direct involvement with the
 purchasing process. These activities may force us to supply the
 large distributors with our products at a discount to reach
 those customers. For similar reasons, many larger customers,
 including the United States government, have requested and may
 in the future request, special pricing arrangements, including
 blanket purchase agreements. These agreements may limit our
 pricing flexibility, which could harm our business, financial
 condition, and results of operations. For a limited number of
 customers, we have, at the customer’s request, made sales
 through third-party online intermediaries, to whom we are
 required to pay commissions. If such intermediary sales grow, it
 could have a negative impact on our gross margins.

 Risks
 Related to the Development and Manufacturing of Our
 Products

 Our
 business depends on our ability to license new technologies from
 others

 The Company believes our ability to in-license new technologies
 from third-parties is, and will continue to be, critical to our
 ability to offer new products and therefore grow our business. A
 significant portion of our current revenues is from products
 manufactured or sold under licenses from third parties. Our
 ability to gain access to technologies that we need for new
 products and services depends — in part — on
 our ability to convince inventors and their agents or assignees
 that we can successfully commercialize their inventions. We
 cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue to identify
 new technologies of interest to our customers, which are
 developed by others. Even if we are able to identify new
 technologies of interest, we may not be able to negotiate a
 license on acceptable terms, or at all.

 The
 Company must be able to manufacture new and improved products to
 meet customer demand on a timely and cost-effective
 basis

 The Company must be able to resolve in a timely and
 cost-effective manner manufacturing issues that may arise from
 time to time as we commence production of our complex products.
 In addition, as we develop new technologies and products, we
 will need to continue to successfully implement new
 manufacturing technologies and methods. Unanticipated
 difficulties or delays in manufacturing improved or new products
 in sufficient quantities to meet customer demand could diminish
 future demand for our products increase our manufacturing and
 product costs and harm our business.

 Our
 business could be harmed if we lose rights to technologies that
 we have licensed from others

 Several of our licenses, such as licenses for biological
 materials, have finite terms. We may not be able to renew these
 existing licenses on favorable terms, or at all. Licenses for
 biological materials such as antibodies are of growing
 significance to our product and service offerings. If we lose
 the rights to a biological material or a patented technology, we
 may need to stop selling these products
 and/or
 services and possibly other products and services, redesign our
 products,

and/or lose
 a competitive advantage. While some of our licenses are
 exclusive to us in certain markets, potential competitors could
 also in-license technologies that we fail to license exclusively
 and potentially erode our competitive position for these and
 other products and services. Our licenses also typically subject
 us to various economic and commercialization obligations. If we
 fail to comply with these obligations, we could lose important
 rights under a license, such as exclusivity. In some cases, we
 could lose all rights under a license. Loss of such rights
 could, in some cases, harm our business.

 In addition, some rights granted under the license could be lost
 for reasons outside of our control. For example, the licensor
 could lose patent protection for a number of reasons, including
 invalidity of the licensed patent, or a third party could obtain
 a patent that curtails our freedom to operate under one or more
 licenses. Changes in patent law could affect the value of the
 licensed technology. We may receive third-party claims of
 intellectual property infringement for which we may not be
 indemnified by the licensor.

 16

Table of Contents

 Violation of government regulations or quality programs could
 harm demand for our products or services, and the evolving
 nature of government regulations could have an adverse impact on
 our business

 Some of our products and tests are regulated by the FDA and
 comparable agencies in other countries. As applicable, we must
 comply with medical device and other FDA-related and comparable
 agency laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws
 and regulations can lead to sanctions by these agencies,
 including warning letters, product recalls, product seizures,
 consent decrees and civil and criminal sanctions. In addition,
 failure to comply with laws and regulations, could lead to
 disqualification of test data submitted in product applications.
 If the FDA were to take such actions, the FDA’s sanctions
 would be available to the public. Such publicity could harm our
 ability to sell these regulated products globally. In addition,
 we may not be able to obtain regulatory clearance or approval
 for our products in the United States
 and/or may
 incur significant costs in obtaining or maintaining such
 regulatory clearances or approvals in the United States.
 Additionally, any changes in FDA laws, regulations, and
 interpretations could adversely affect us and our customers,
 have an adverse impact on revenues, and result in government
 sanctions.

 Medical device laws and regulations are also in effect in many
 countries, ranging from comprehensive device approval
 requirements to requests for product data or certifications. The
 number and scope of these requirements is increasing. We may not
 be able to obtain regulatory approvals in such countries
 and/or may
 incur significant costs in obtaining or maintaining our foreign
 regulatory approvals. In addition, our exports of certain of our
 products which have not yet been cleared or approved for United
 States commercial distribution may be subject to FDA or other
 export restrictions.

 Additionally, some of our customers use our products in the
 manufacturing or testing processes for their drug and medical
 device products, and such end-products or services may be
 regulated by the FDA under Quality System Regulations or CMS
 under CLIA’88 regulations. The customer is ultimately
 responsible for QSR, CLIA’88 and other compliance
 requirements for their products; however, we may agree to comply
 with certain requirements, and, if we fail to do so, we could
 lose sales and customers and be exposed to product liability
 claims.

 ISO 13485 is an internationally-recognized, voluntary quality
 management system standard that may be used in the design,
 development, production, and installation and servicing of
 medical devices similar to the QSR requirements. Our facilities
 in Benicia and Pleasanton, California; Frederick, Maryland;
 Grand Island, New York; Brown Deer, Wisconsin; Warrington,
 United Kingdom; Paisley, Scotland; Oslo, Norway; and Singapore
 are each certified for compliance with ISO 13485. Failure to
 comply with this standard can lead to observations of
 non-compliance or even suspension of ISO certification or CE
 mark certificates by the registrar. If we were to lose ISO
 certification or CE mark certificates, some customers might
 purchase products from other suppliers as a result.

 If the Company violates a government-mandated or voluntary
 quality program, we may incur additional expense to come back
 into compliance with the government mandated or voluntary
 standards. That expense may be material and we may not have
 anticipated that expense in our financial forecasts. Our
 financial results could suffer as a result of such increased
 expenses.

 Political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the
 life sciences industry to significant changes. We cannot predict
 with certainty which initiatives affecting the life sciences
 industry, if any, will be implemented at the state or federal
 level, or what affect any future legislation, regulation or
 governmental policy may have on the Company or our
 customers’ purchasing decisions regarding our products and
 services. However, the implementation of new legislation,
 regulation and policies may adversely affect our business.

 Products that are intended for the diagnosis or treatment of
 disease are subject to government regulation. Our DNA sequencing
 products are currently intended for research or investigational
 uses. Research uses are not subject to FDA 510(k) clearance or
 premarket approval or other regulatory requirements.
 Investigational uses are not subject to FDA 510(k) clearance or
 premarket approval or most regulatory requirements, but are
 subject to limited regulatory controls for entities conducting
 investigational studies.

 As we continue to adapt parts of our product line to the field
 of Molecular Medicine, including the diagnosis of disease,
 certain of our products are likely to become subject to more
 regulation by the FDA or comparable agencies of other countries,
 including requirements for regulatory clearance or approval of
 such products before they can be marketed. Such regulatory
 clearance or approval processes may be expensive,
 time-consuming, and uncertain, and

 17

Table of Contents

 any failure by us to obtain, or continue to comply with
 requirements relating to, such clearances and approvals could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating
 results. In addition, changes to the current regulatory
 framework, including the imposition of new regulations and
 policy changes, could arise at any time and may negatively
 affect our ability to obtain or maintain FDA or comparable
 regulatory clearance or approval of our products, if required.

 The
 Company relies on other companies to manufacture some of our
 products and supply certain components of the products we
 manufacture on our own which may hinder our ability to satisfy
 customer demand

 Although the Company has contracts with most of its
 manufacturers and suppliers, their operations could be
 disrupted. These disruptions could be caused by conditions
 unrelated to our business or operations, including a global
 economic downturn. Although we have our own manufacturing
 facilities, it could take considerable time and resources for us
 replace the capacity of such vendors. In addition, for reasons
 of quality assurance and/or cost effectiveness, we purchase
 certain components and raw materials from sole suppliers. We may
 not be able to establish additional or replacement sources for
 certain components of materials. Accordingly, if these other
 manufacturers or suppliers are unable or fail to fulfill their
 obligations to us, we might not be able to satisfy customer
 demand in a timely manner, and our business could be harmed.

 Risks
 Related to Our Operations

 Loss of
 key personnel may adversely affect our business

 Our products and services are highly technical in nature. In
 general, only highly qualified and trained scientists have the
 necessary skills to develop and market our products and provide
 our services. In addition, some of our manufacturing positions
 are highly technical as well. We face intense competition for
 these professionals from our competitors, customers, marketing
 partners, and other companies throughout our industry. As is
 customary in the United States, we do not generally enter into
 employment agreements requiring these employees to continue in
 our employment for any period of time. Any failure on our part
 to hire, train, and retain a sufficient number of qualified
 employees could seriously damage our business. Additionally,
 integration of acquired companies and businesses can be
 disruptive and may lead to the departure of key employees.
 Further, we use stock options, restricted stock, and restricted
 stock units/awards to provide incentives to these individuals to
 remain with us and to build their long-term stockholder value to
 align their interests with those of the Company. If our stock
 price decreases, this reduces the value of these equity awards
 and therefore a key employee’s incentive to stay. If we
 were to lose a sufficient number of our key employees and were
 unable to replace them, these losses could seriously damage our
 business.

 We have substantial indebtedness, which could adversely
 affect our cash flows, business and financial condition

 As of December 31, 2010, the carrying value of our
 outstanding indebtedness was approximately
 $3,075.4 million. As of December 31, 2010, we also had
 availability of $486.1 million (net of standby letters of
 credit of $13.9 million) under our revolving credit
 facility.

 Our substantial level of debt could, among other things:

 • 

 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow
 from operations to the servicing and repayment of our debt,
 thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital
 expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes;

 • 

 increase our vulnerability to, and limit our flexibility in
 planning for, adverse economic and industry conditions;

 • 

 adversely affect our credit rating, with the result that the
 cost of new indebtedness might increase;

 18

Table of Contents

 • 

 limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future
 working capital, capital expenditures, additional acquisitions
 and other general corporate requirements;

 • 

 create competitive disadvantages compared to other companies
 with less indebtedness;

 • 

 adversely affect our stock price;

 • 

 limit our ability to apply proceeds from an offering, debt
 incurrence or asset sale to purposes other than the servicing
 and repayment of our debt; and

 • 

 limit our ability to pay dividends and repurchase stock.

 Our
 credit facility contains restrictions that limit our flexibility
 in operating our business

 Our credit facility may contain various covenants that limit our
 ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These
 covenants may limit our and our subsidiaries’ ability to,
 among other things:

 • 

 incur additional indebtedness (including guarantees or other
 contingent obligations);

 • 

 pay dividends on, repurchase, or make distributions in respect
 to our common stock or make other restricted payments;

 • 

 make specified investments (including loans and advances);

 • 

 sell or transfer assets;

 • 

 create liens;

 • 

 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or
 substantially all of our assets; and

 • 

 enter into certain transactions with our affiliates.

 In addition, under our credit facility, we are required to
 satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios and other
 financial condition tests. Our ability to meet those financial
 ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control,
 and we cannot be assured that we will meet those ratios and
 tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a
 default under our credit facility. Upon the occurrence of an
 event of default under our credit facility, our lenders could
 elect to declare all amounts outstanding under our credit
 facility to be immediately due and payable and terminate all
 commitments to extend further credit. If we were unable to repay
 those amounts, the lenders under our credit facility could
 proceed to collect against all United States subsidiaries, as
 guarantors of the facility.

 The Company could incur more indebtedness, which may increase
 the risks associated with our substantial leverage, including
 our ability to service our indebtedness and pay dividends on our
 common stock

 The indentures governing our convertible senior notes, senior
 unsecured notes and our credit facility permit us, under some
 circumstances, to incur certain amounts of additional
 indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated
 with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt and
 pay dividends on our common stock, would increase. This, in
 turn, could negatively affect the market price of our common
 stock.

 The Company could lose the tax deduction for interest expense
 associated with our convertible senior notes due in 2024 and the
 convertible senior notes due in 2025

 The Company could lose some or all of the tax deduction for
 interest expense associated with our convertible senior notes
 due in 2024 and the convertible senior notes due in 2025 if,
 under certain circumstances, such notes are not subject to the
 special Treasury Regulations governing contingent payment debt
 instruments or the exchange of these notes were deemed to be a
 taxable exchange. We also could lose the tax deduction for
 interest expense associated with the foregoing notes if we were
 to invest in non-taxable investments.

 Our federal, state and local income tax returns may, from
 time to time, be selected for audit by the taxing authorities or
 affected by a change in interpretation of legislation, either of
 which may result in tax assessments, penalties, or other
 results

 The Company is subject to federal, state and local taxes in the
 United States and abroad. Significant judgment is required in
 determining the provision for taxes. Although we believe our tax
 estimates are reasonable, if the IRS or other taxing authority
 disagrees with the positions taken by the Company on its tax
 returns, we could incur additional tax liabilities, plus related
 interest and penalties. If potential assessments differ
 significantly from

 19

Table of Contents

 previously recorded reserves, payment of such additional amounts
 upon final adjudication of any disputes could have a material
 impact on our results of operations and financial position.

 In addition, United States’ federal, state and local, as
 well as international, tax laws and regulations are extremely
 complex and subject to varying interpretations, and a change in
 interpretation could have a material impact on our results of
 operations and financial position.

 Tax
 legislation initiatives could adversely affect our results of
 operations and financial condition

 We are a large multinational corporation subject to the tax laws
 and regulations of the United States federal, state and local
 governments, and of many international jurisdictions. From time
 to time, new tax legislation may be proposed, which could
 adversely affect our current or future tax filings
 and/or
 negatively impact our effective tax rate and increase future tax
 payments.

 The Company’s business, particularly the development and
 marketing of information-based products and services, depends on
 the continuous, effective, reliable, and secure operation of our
 computer hardware, software, and Internet applications and
 related tools and functions

 The Company’s business requires manipulating and analyzing
 large amounts of data, and communicating the results of the
 analysis to our internal research personnel and to our customers
 via the Internet. In addition, we rely on a global enterprise
 software system to operate and manage our business. Our business
 therefore depends on the continuous, effective, reliable, and
 secure operation of our computer hardware, software, networks,
 Internet servers, and related infrastructure. To the extent that
 our hardware or software malfunctions or access to our data by
 internal research personnel or customers through the Internet is
 interrupted, our business could suffer.

 The Company’s computer and communications hardware is
 protected through physical and software safeguards. However, it
 is still vulnerable to fire, storm, flood, power loss,
 earthquakes, telecommunications failures, physical or software
 break-ins, software viruses, and similar events. In addition,
 our online products and services are complex and sophisticated,
 and as such, could contain data, design, or software errors that
 could be difficult to detect and correct. Software defects could
 be found in current or future products. If we fail to maintain
 and further develop the necessary computer capacity and data to
 support our computational needs and our customers’ access
 to information-based product and service offerings, we could
 experience a loss of or delay in revenues or market acceptance.
 In addition, any sustained disruption in internet access
 provided by other companies could harm our business.

 Business
 disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and
 financial condition and increase our costs and
 expenses

 The Company’s worldwide operations could be subject to
 earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water
 shortages, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires,
 extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural
 or manmade disasters or business interruptions, for which we are
 predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these
 business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and
 financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our
 corporate headquarters, and a portion of our principal research
 and development, manufacturing and administrative facilities,
 are located in California, and other critical business
 operations and some of our suppliers are located in California
 and Asia, near major earthquake faults and fire zones. The
 ultimate impact of being located near major earthquake faults,
 fire zones and being consolidated in certain geographical areas
 on us, our significant suppliers and our general infrastructure
 is unknown, but our revenue, profitability and financial
 condition could suffer in the event of a major earthquake, fire
 or other natural disaster.

 Risks
 Related to Our International Operations

 We are
 subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the
 United States

 The Company’s products are currently marketed in
 approximately 160 countries throughout the world. Our
 international revenues, which include revenues from our foreign
 subsidiaries and export sales from the United States,
 represented 60% of our product revenues in 2010, 61% of our
 product revenues in 2009 and

 20

Table of Contents

 56% of our product revenues in 2008. We expect that
 international revenues will continue to account for a
 significant percentage of our revenues for the foreseeable
 future. There are a number of risks arising from our
 international business, including those related to:

 • 

 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, potentially
 reducing the United States dollars we receive for sales
 denominated in foreign currency;

 • 

 the possibility that unfriendly nations or groups could boycott
 our products;

 • 

 general economic and political conditions in the markets in
 which we operate;

 • 

 potential increased costs associated with overlapping tax
 structures, including the tax costs associated with repatriating
 cash;

 • 

 possible failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the
 United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar
 anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions;

 • 

 potential trade restrictions and exchange controls;

 • 

 more limited protection for intellectual property rights in some
 countries;

 • 

 difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing
 foreign operations;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

 • 

 the difficulties of compliance with a wide variety of foreign
 laws and regulations;

 • 

 longer accounts receivable cycles in certain foreign countries,
 whether due to cultural differences, exchange rate fluctuation
 or other factors;

 • 

 import and export licensing requirements; and

 • 

 changes to our distribution networks.

 A significant portion of the Company’s revenues are
 received in currencies other than the United States dollar,
 which is our reporting currency. Most of our costs, however, are
 incurred in United States dollars. While we have at times
 attempted to hedge our net cash flows in currencies other than
 the United States dollar, our hedging program relies in part on
 forecasts of these cash flows. As a result, we cannot guarantee
 this program will adequately protect our cash flows from the
 full risks and effects of exchange rate fluctuations. We also
 continually evaluate the costs and benefits of our hedging
 program and cannot guarantee that we will continue to conduct
 hedging activities. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates
 for the currencies in which we do business have caused, and will
 continue to cause, fluctuations in the United States dollar
 value of our financial results. We cannot predict the effects of
 currency exchange rate fluctuations upon our future financial
 results because of the number of currencies involved, the
 variability of currency exposures and the volatility of currency
 exchange rates.

 Risks
 Related to Our Intellectual Property

 The Company may not be able to effectively and efficiently
 protect and enforce our proprietary technology

 The Company’s success depends to a significant degree upon
 our ability to develop proprietary products and technologies.
 When we develop such technologies, we routinely seek patent
 protection in the United States and abroad to the extent
 permitted by law. However, the intellectual property rights of
 biotechnology companies, including us, involve complex factual,
 scientific, and legal questions. We cannot assure that patents
 will be granted on any of our patent applications or that the
 scope of any of our issued patents will be sufficiently broad to
 offer meaningful protection. Even if we receive a patent that we
 believe is valid for a particular technology, we may not be able
 to realize the expected value to us from that technology due to
 several factors, including, without limitation, the following:

 • 

 Although we have licensing programs to provide industry access
 to some of our patent rights, some other companies have in the
 past refused to participate in these licensing programs and some
 companies may refuse to participate in them in the future. In
 addition, our licenses typically provide our customers with
 access for limited use of our technology, such as for certain
 fields of use or to provide certain kinds of products and
 services. The validity of the restrictions contained in these
 licenses could be contested, and we cannot provide assurances
 that we would either be aware of an unauthorized use or be able
 to enforce the restrictions in a cost-effective manner;

 • 

 Legal actions to enforce patent rights can be expensive and may
 involve the diversion of significant management time. Our
 enforcement actions may not be successful, and furthermore they
 could give risk to

 21

Table of Contents

 legal claims against us and could result in the invalidation of
 some of our intellectual property rights or legal determinations
 that they are not enforceable;

 • 

 The Company only seeks to have patents issued in selected
 countries. Third-parties can make, use and sell products covered
 by our patents in any country in which we do not seek patent
 protection, unless such activity is covered by our other
 intellectual property;

 • 

 The Company’s issued patents or patents we exclusively
 license from others could be successfully challenged through
 legal actions or other proceedings, such as by challenging the
 validity and scope of a patent with the United States Patent and
 Trademark Office, or USPTO, foreign patent offices, Federal
 Courts, or the International Trade Commission. These actions or
 proceedings could result in amendments to or rejection of
 certain patent claims; and

 • 

 Judicial decisions in third-party litigation and legislative
 changes could harm the value of our patents, or could impact our
 exclusive licenses or the effectiveness of our label licenses
 associated with our products.

 The Company is currently, and could in the future be, subject
 to lawsuits, arbitrations, investigations, and other legal
 actions with private parties and governmental entities,
 particularly involving claims for infringement of patents and
 other intellectual property rights, and we may need to obtain
 licenses to intellectual property from others

 Our products are based on complex, rapidly developing
 technologies. These products could be developed without
 knowledge of previously filed patent applications that mature
 into patents that cover some aspect of these technologies. In
 addition, we may seek to protect and commercialize a technology
 even though we are aware that patents have been applied for and,
 in some cases, issued to others claiming technologies that are
 closely related to ours. Because patent litigation is complex
 and the outcome inherently uncertain, our belief that our
 products do not infringe valid and enforceable patents owned by
 others could be successfully challenged. We have from time to
 time been notified that we may be infringing on the patents and
 other intellectual property rights of others. In addition, in
 the course of our business, we may from time to time have access
 to confidential or proprietary information of others, and they
 could bring a claim against us asserting that we had
 misappropriated their technologies, which, though not patented,
 are protected as trade secrets, and had improperly incorporated
 those technologies into our products. The outcome of legal
 actions is inherently uncertain, and we cannot be sure that we
 will prevail in any of these actions. An adverse determination
 in some of our current legal actions could harm our business and
 financial condition.

 Due to these factors, litigation regarding patents and other
 intellectual property rights is extensive in the biotechnology
 industry, and there remains a constant risk of intellectual
 property litigation and other legal actions affecting us, which
 could include antitrust claims. From time to time, we have been
 made a party to litigation and have been subject to other legal
 actions regarding intellectual property matters, which have
 included claims of violations of antitrust laws. Some of these
 actions, if determined adversely, could harm our business and
 financial condition. To avoid or settle legal claims, it may be
 necessary or desirable in the future to obtain licenses relating
 to one or more products or relating to current or future
 technologies. We may not be able to obtain these licenses or
 other rights on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and
 there is a risk that we may need to discontinue an important
 product or product line or alter our products and processes. In
 some situations, settlement of claims may require an agreement
 to cease allegedly infringing activities.

 The Company is involved in several legal actions that could
 affect our intellectual property rights and our products and
 services. The cost of litigation and the amount of management
 time associated with these cases has been, and is expected to
 continue to be, significant. These matters might not be resolved
 favorably. If they are not resolved favorably, we could be
 enjoined from selling the products or services in question or
 other, related products or services, and monetary or other
 damages could be assessed against us. The damages assessed
 against us could include damages for past infringement, which,
 in some cases, can be trebled by the court. Such possible
 outcomes could harm our business or financial condition.

 Disclosure
 of trade secrets could cause harm to our business

 The Company attempts to protect our trade secrets by, among
 other things, entering into confidentiality agreements with
 third-parties, our employees, and our consultants. However,
 these agreements can be breached and,

 22

Table of Contents

 if they are, there may not be an adequate remedy available to
 us. If our trade secrets become publicly known, we may lose our
 competitive position.

 Some of the intellectual property that is important to our
 business is owned by other companies or institutions and
 licensed to us, and legal actions against them could harm our
 business

 Even if we are not a party to these legal actions, an adverse
 outcome could harm our business because it might prevent these
 other companies or institutions from continuing to license
 intellectual property that we may need for our business.
 Furthermore, an adverse outcome could result in infringement or
 other legal actions being brought directly against us.

 Risks
 Related to Environmental, Product Liability and Litigation
 Issues

 Risks related to handling of hazardous materials and other
 regulations governing environmental and workplace safety

 The Company’s research and development and manufacturing
 activities involve the use of potentially hazardous materials,
 including biological materials, chemicals, and various
 radioactive compounds. In addition, some of our products are
 hazardous materials or include hazardous materials. Our
 operations also involve the generation, transportation and
 storage of waste. These activities are subject to complex and
 stringent federal, state, local, and foreign environmental,
 health, safety and other governmental laws, regulations, and
 permits governing the use, storage, handling, transport, and
 disposal of hazardous materials and specified waste products, as
 well as the shipment and labeling of materials and products
 containing hazardous materials. Public officials and private
 individuals or organizations may seek to enforce these legal
 requirements against us. While we believe we are in material
 compliance with these laws, regulations, and permits, we could
 discover that we are not in material compliance. Under some laws
 and regulations, a party can be subject to “strict
 liability” for damages caused by some hazardous materials,
 which means that a party can be liable without regard to fault
 or negligence. Existing laws and regulations may also be revised
 or reinterpreted, or new laws and regulations may become
 applicable to us, whether retroactively or prospectively, that
 may have a negative effect on our business and results of
 operations. It is therefore impossible to eliminate completely
 the risk of contamination or injury from the hazardous and other
 materials that we use in our business and products. If we fail
 to comply with any of these laws, regulations, or permits, or if
 we are held strictly liable under any of these laws,
 regulations, or permits despite our compliance, we could be
 subject to substantial fines or penalties, payment of
 remediation costs, loss of permits, embargos,
 and/or other
 adverse governmental action, and we could be liable for
 substantial damages. Any of these events could harm our business
 and financial condition.

 In acquiring Dexter Corporation in 2000, we assumed certain of
 Dexter Corporation’s environmental liabilities, including
 clean-up of
 formerly-owned locations as well as several hazardous waste
 sites under state and federal environmental laws. We also
 assumed certain Applied Biosystems environmental liabilities,
 including

clean-up of
 formerly-owned locations as well as hazardous waste sites under
 state and federal environmental laws, in connection with our
 acquisition of Applied Biosystems in 2008. Unexpected results
 related to the investigation and

clean-up of
 any of these sites could cause our financial exposure in these
 matters to exceed stated reserves and insurance, requiring us to
 allocate additional funds and other resources to address our
 environmental liabilities, which could cause a material adverse
 effect on our business.

 Potential
 product liability and other litigation claims could cause harm
 to our business

 We face a potential risk of liability claims based on our
 products or services. We carry product liability insurance
 coverage, which is limited in scope and amount. We cannot
 assure, however, that we will be able to maintain this insurance
 at a reasonable cost and on reasonable terms. We also cannot
 assure that this insurance will be adequate to protect us
 against a product liability claim, should one arise.

 Some of our services include the manufacture of biologic
 products to be tested in human clinical trials. We could be held
 liable for errors and omissions in connection with these
 services, even though we are not the party performing the
 clinical trials. In addition, we formulate, test and manufacture
 products intended for use by the public. These activities could
 expose us to risk of liability for personal injury or death to
 persons using such

 23

Table of Contents

 products. We seek to reduce our potential liability through
 measures such as contractual indemnification provisions with
 clients (the scope of which may vary from
 client-to-client
 and the performances of which are not secured), insurance
 maintained by clients and conducting certain of these businesses
 through subsidiaries. Nonetheless, we could be materially harmed
 if we were required to pay damages or incur defense costs in
 connection with a claim that is outside the scope of the
 indemnification agreements, if the indemnity, although
 applicable, is not performed in accordance with its terms or if
 our liability exceeds the amount of applicable insurance or
 indemnity. In addition, we could be held liable for errors and
 omissions in connection with the services we perform. We
 currently maintain product liability and errors and omissions
 insurance with respect to these risks. There can be no assurance
 that our insurance coverage will be adequate or that insurance
 coverage will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us.

 We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. Legal
 proceedings are inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can
 result in excessive verdicts and/or injunctive relief that may
 affect how we operate our business, or we may enter into
 settlements of claims for monetary damages that exceed our
 insurance coverage, if any. Future court decisions and
 legislative activity may increase our exposure to litigation and
 regulatory investigations. In some cases, substantial
 non-economic remedies or punitive damages may be sought.

 Risks
 Related to the Market for Our Securities

 Operating
 results and the market price of our stock, convertible senior
 notes and senior unsecured notes could be volatile

 Our operating results and the price of our stock, convertible
 senior notes and senior unsecured notes have been in the past,
 and will continue to be, subject to fluctuations as a result of
 a number of factors, including those listed in this section of
 this Annual Report and those we have failed to foresee. Our
 stock price and the price of our convertible senior notes and
 senior unsecured notes could also be affected by any of the
 following: inability to meet analysts’ expectations;
 general fluctuations in the stock market, or fluctuations in the
 stock prices of companies in our industry or those of our
 customers; conditions and publicity regarding the genomics,
 biotechnology, pharmaceutical, or life sciences industries
 generally, including, for example, comments by securities
 analysts or public officials regarding such matters. Such
 volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of
 many companies’ securities for reasons unrelated to their
 operating performance and, in the past, has led to securities
 class action litigation. Securities litigation against us could
 result in substantial costs and a diversion of our
 management’s attention and resources, which could have an
 adverse effect on our business.

 Our stock
 price may fluctuate

 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate due to a
 number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control,
 including:

 • 

 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

 • 

 changes in earnings estimated by securities analysts or our
 ability to meet those estimates;

 • 

 the operating and stock price performance of comparable
 companies; and

 • 

 domestic and foreign economic conditions.

 Certain provisions in our restated certificate of
 incorporation and sixth amended and restated bylaws, and of
 Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of our
 company, which could decrease the trading price of our common
 stock

 Our restated certificate of incorporation, our sixth amended and
 restated bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that are
 intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate
 takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably
 expensive to the raider and to encourage prospective acquirers
 to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt
 a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others:

 • 

 the inability of our stockholders to call a special meeting;

 • 

 rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or
 nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings;

 • 

 the right of our board to issue preferred stock without
 stockholder approval;

 24

Table of Contents

 • 

 a provision that stockholders may only remove directors with
 cause prior to the expiration of the applicable director’s
 term; and

 • 

 the ability of our directors, and not stockholders, to fill
 vacancies on our board of directors.

 Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other
 business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more
 of our outstanding common stock.

 We believe these provisions will protect our stockholders from
 coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring
 potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and
 by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any
 acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make
 our company immune from takeovers. However, these provisions
 will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by
 some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that
 our board of directors determines is not in the best interests
 of our company and our stockholders. These provisions may also
 prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent
 directors.