You should carefully
consider the following factors and other information contained or
incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, including
‘‘Part II — Item 7 — Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.’’ Any of these risks could materially
adversely affect our 

16

Table of Contents

business and our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows, which could in turn materially
adversely affect the price of our common stock.

Our
significant level of debt and our ability to make payments on or
service our indebtedness may adversely affect our financial and
operating activity or ability to incur additional debt.

In prior
years we incurred substantial indebtedness to finance our business
acquisitions, including indebtedness incurred in connection with our
2005 acquisition of The Titan Corporation
(‘‘Titan’’). At December 31,
2006, we had approximately $4,550 million in aggregate principal
amount of outstanding debt, excluding $76.8 million of
outstanding letters of credit under our senior credit facility. In
addition, we had additional borrowing capacity under our senior credit
facility, after reductions for outstanding letters of credit, of
$923.2 million at December 31, 2006. In the
future, we may borrow more money, subject to limitations imposed on us
by our debt agreements.

Our ability to make scheduled payments of
principal and interest on our indebtedness and to refinance our
indebtedness depends on our future performance. We do not have complete
control over our future performance because it is subject to economic,
political, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors
affecting the aerospace and defense industry. It is possible that in
the future our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from
operations to allow us to service our debt and make necessary capital
expenditures. If this situation occurs, we may have to sell assets,
restructure debt or obtain additional equity capital. We may not be
able to do so in accordance with the restrictions contained in our debt
agreements.

Our level of indebtedness has important consequences
to us. These consequences may
include:

• 

requiring a
substantial portion of our net cash flow from operations to be used to
pay interest and principal on our debt and therefore be unavailable for
other purposes, including acquisitions, capital expenditures, paying
dividends to our shareholders, repurchasing shares of our common stock,
research and development and other
investments;

• 

limiting our
ability to obtain additional financing for acquisitions, working
capital, investments or other expenditures, which, in each case, may
limit our ability to carry out our acquisition
strategy;

• 

higher interest
expenses due to increases in interest rates on our borrowings that have
variable interest
rates;

• 

heightening our
vulnerability to downturns in our business or in the general economy
and restricting us from making acquisitions, introducing new
technologies and products or exploiting business opportunities;
and

• 

impacting debt
covenants that limit our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of
assets, pay cash dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock.
Failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of
default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration
of our outstanding indebtedness.

Additionally, on December
31, 2006, we had $9,638.8 million of contractual obligations
(including outstanding indebtedness). For a detailed listing of the
components of our contractual obligations, see ‘‘Part II
— Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Contractual
Obligations’’ on pages 49-50.

Our business
acquisition strategy involves risks, and we may not successfully
implement our strategy.

We seek to selectively acquire companies
or assets that complement or extend our existing businesses. We may not
be able to continue to identify acquisition candidates on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. If we make additional acquisitions, we may
not realize the benefits anticipated from these acquisitions, including
cost synergies and improving margins. Furthermore, we may not be able
to obtain additional financing for acquisitions, since such additional
financing could be restricted by the terms of our debt
agreements.

17

Table of Contents

The process of integrating the operations
of acquired businesses, including recent business acquisitions, into
our existing operations may result in unforeseen difficulties and may
require significant financial and managerial resources that would
otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our
existing operations. Possible future business acquisitions could result
in the incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense and
contingent liabilities, each of which could result in an increase to
our already significant level of outstanding debt, as well as more
restrictive covenants. We consider and execute strategic acquisitions
on an ongoing basis and may be evaluating acquisitions or engage in
acquisition negotiations at any given time. We regularly evaluate
potential acquisitions and joint venture transactions, but we have not
entered into any other agreements with respect to any material
transactions at this time. Furthermore, in certain of our business
acquisitions we have assumed all claims against and liabilities of the
acquired business, including both asserted or unasserted claims and
liabilities.

We rely on sales to U.S. Government
entities, and the loss of a significant number of our contracts would
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash
flows. 

Our sales are predominantly derived from contracts
(revenue arrangements) with agencies of, and prime contractors to, the
U.S. Government. The loss of all or a substantial portion of our sales
to the U.S. Government would have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and cash flows. At December 31,
2006, we had approximately 1,900 contracts (revenue arrangements) with
individual estimated contract values in excess of $1.0 million.
Approximately 80%, or $10.0 billion, of our sales for the
year ended December 31, 2006 were made directly or
indirectly to U.S. Government agencies, including the DoD. For the year
ended December 31, 2006, our largest contract was the
Linguist Contract and it represented 4.9% of our sales, and
sales from our five largest programs amounted to $1,951.8
million, or 15.6% of our sales. As discussed above under
‘‘Major Customers’’, in December 2006, we lost
the re-competition of the Linguist Contract when our proposal for the
TIMS contract was not selected by INSCOM. We filed a protest
challenging the selection of the TIMS contract with the GAO. The
GAO’s review of our protest is scheduled to be completed on or
before April 5, 2007.

A substantial majority of our total sales
are for products and services under contracts with various agencies and
procurement offices of the DoD or with prime contractors to the DoD.
Although these various agencies, procurement offices and prime
contractors are subject to common budgetary pressures and other
factors, our customers exercise independent purchasing decisions.
Because of this concentration of contracts, if a significant number of
our DoD contracts and subcontracts are simultaneously delayed or
cancelled for budgetary, performance or other reasons, it would have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash
flows.

In addition to contract cancellations and declines in
agency budgets, our backlog and future financial results, may be
adversely affected
by:

• 

curtailment of the U.S.
Government’s use of technology or other services and products
providers, including curtailment due to government budget reductions
and related fiscal
matters;

• 

developments in
Iraq, Afghanistan or other geopolitical developments that affect demand
for our products and
services;

• 

our ability to
hire and retain personnel to meet increasing demand for our services;
and

• 

technological
developments that impact purchasing decisions or our competitive
position.

These or other factors could cause U.S. defense and
other federal agencies to reduce their purchases under contracts, to
exercise their right to terminate contracts or not to exercise options
to renew contracts or limit our ability to obtain new contract awards.
Any of these actions or any of the other actions described above could
significantly reduce our revenues, operating income and cash
flows.

Our results of operations and cash flows, as
well as our valuation of contracts in process are substantially
affected by our mix of fixed-price, cost reimbursable and
time-and-material type contracts. 

A large portion of our
contracts (revenue arrangements) require us to design, develop,
manufacture, modify, upgrade, test and integrate complex aerospace and
electronic equipment, and to provide related engineering and technical
services according to the buyer’s specifications. These sales
are transacted using 

18

Table of Contents

written revenue arrangements, or contracts,
which are generally either fixed-price, cost-reimbursable or
time-and-material. For a description of our revenue recognition
policies, see ‘‘Part II — Item 7 —
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations — Critical Accounting
Policies.’’ For the year ended December 31,
2006, approximately 50.2% of our sales were generated from
fixed-price type contracts, approximately 31.1% of our sales
were generated from cost-reimbursable type contracts and approximately
18.7% of our sales were generated from time-and-material type
contracts. Substantially all of our cost-reimbursable and
time-and-material type contracts are with the U.S. Government,
primarily with the DoD. Substantially all of our sales to commercial
customers are transacted under fixed-price sales arrangements, and are
included in our fixed-price type contract sales. See ‘‘Part
I’’ — Item 1 — Contracts’’ above
for a detailed description of fixed-price type, cost-reimbursable type
and time and material type contracts.

The impact of revisions in
profit (loss) estimates for all types of contracts are recognized on a
cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions are
made. Provisions for anticipated losses on contracts are recorded in
the period in which they become evident. Amounts representing contract
change orders or claims are included in sales only when they can be
reliably estimated and their realization is reasonably assured. The
revisions in contract estimates, if significant, can materially affect
our results of operations and cash flows, as well as our valuations of
contracts in process.

Our government contracts entail certain
risks.

A decline in or a redirection of the U.S.
defense budget could result in a material decrease in our sales,
earnings and cash flows.

Our government contracts are
primarily dependent upon the U.S. defense budget. The DoD budget has
increased significantly in recent years and, based on the Bush
Administration’s defense budget request for fiscal year 2008,
the DoD budget would continue to increase in fiscal year 2008. However,
the future DoD budgets could be negatively affected by several factors,
including, but not limited to, the U.S. Government’s budget
deficits, a change in spending priorities and the costs of sustaining
the U.S. military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, which could cause
the DoD budget to remain unchanged or to decline. A significant decline
in or redirection of U.S. military expenditures in the future could
result in a material decrease to our sales, earnings and cash flows.
The loss or significant reduction in government funding of a large
program in which we participate could also result in a material
decrease to our future sales, earnings and cash flows. U.S. Government
contracts are also conditioned upon the continuing approval by Congress
of the amount of necessary spending. Congress usually appropriates
funds for a given program on a September 30 fiscal year basis,
even though contract periods of performance may extend over many years.
Consequently, at the beginning of a major program, the contract is
usually partially funded, and additional monies are normally committed
to the contract by the procuring agency only as appropriations are made
by Congress for future fiscal years.

Our government
contracts contain unfavorable termination provisions and are subject to
audit and modification. If a termination right is exercised by the
government, it could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

Companies
engaged primarily in supplying defense-related equipment and services
to U.S. Government agencies are subject to certain business risks
peculiar to the defense industry. These risks include the ability of
the U.S. Government to
unilaterally:

• 

suspend
us from receiving new contracts pending resolution of alleged
violations of procurement laws or
regulations;

• 

terminate
existing
contracts;

• 

reduce
the value of existing
contracts;

• 

audit
our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect
costs; and

• 

control
and potentially prohibit the export of our products.

All of our
U.S. Government contracts can be terminated by the U.S. Government
either for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform under
the contract. Termination for convenience provisions provide only for
our recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and
profit 

19

Table of Contents

on the work completed prior to termination.
Termination for default provisions provide for the contractor to be
liable for excess costs incurred by the U.S. Government in procuring
undelivered items from another source. Our contracts with foreign
governments generally contain similar provisions relating to
termination at the convenience of the customer.

The U.S.
Government may review our costs and performance on their contracts, as
well as our accounting and general business practices. Based on the
results of such audits, the U.S. Government may adjust our
contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. In
addition, under U.S. Government purchasing regulations, some of our
costs, including most financing costs, portions of research and
development costs, and certain marketing expenses may not be
reimbursable under U.S. Government contracts.

We may
not be able to win competitively awarded contracts or receive required
licenses to export our products, which would have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations
and future prospects.

Our government contracts are subject to
competitive bidding. We obtain many of our U.S. Government contracts
through a competitive bidding process. We may not be able to continue
to win competitively awarded contracts. In addition, awarded contracts
may not generate sales sufficient to result in our profitability. We
are also subject to risks associated with the
following:

• 

the
frequent need to bid on programs in advance of the completion of their
design, which may result in unforeseen technological difficulties
and/or cost
overruns;

• 

the
substantial time, effort and experience required to prepare bids and
proposals for competitively awarded contracts that may not be awarded
to us;

• 

design
complexity and rapid technological obsolescence;
and

• 

the constant
need for design improvement.

In addition to these U.S. Government
contract risks, we are required to obtain licenses from U.S. Government
agencies to export many of our products and systems. Additionally, we
are not permitted to export some of our products. Failure to receive
required licenses would eliminate our ability to sell our products
outside the United States.

We are subject to
government investigations, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future
prospects.

We are from time to time subject to governmental
investigations relating to our operations. We are currently cooperating
with the U.S. Government on several investigations, including but not
limited to, an investigation regarding the Combat Survivor/Evader
Locator (CSEL) program and an investigation by the Department of
Justice Criminal Antitrust Division regarding information technology
services performed for the Air Force. For a discussion of these
matters, see Note 16 to our audited consolidated financial
statements.

We are subject to the risks of current and
future legal proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations and future
prospects. 

At any given time, we are a defendant in various
material legal proceedings and litigation matters arising in the
ordinary course of business, including litigation, claims and
assessments that have been asserted against acquired businesses, which
we have assumed. Although we maintain insurance policies, we can make
no assurance that this insurance will be adequate to protect us from
all material judgments and expenses related to potential future claims
or that these levels of insurance will be available in the future at
economical prices or at all. A significant judgment against us, arising
out of any of our current or future legal proceedings and litigation,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and future prospects. For a discussion
of the material litigation to which we are currently a party, see Note
16 to our audited consolidated financial
statements.

20

Table of Contents

Our inability to keep pace with
rapidly evolving products and service offerings and technological
change could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and future prospects.

The
rapid change of technology is a key feature of most of the markets in
which our products, services and systems oriented businesses operate.
To succeed in the future, we will need to continue to design, develop,
manufacture, assemble, test, market and support new products and
enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis. Historically, our
technology has been developed through customer-funded and internally
funded research and development and through certain business
acquisitions. We may not be able to continue to maintain comparable
levels of research and development or successfully complete such
acquisitions. In the past we have allocated substantial funds to
capital expenditures, programs and other investments. This practice
will continue to be required in the future. Even so, we may not be able
to successfully identify new opportunities and may not have the needed
financial resources to develop new products in a timely or
cost-effective manner. At the same time, products and technologies
developed by others may render our products, services and systems
obsolete or non-competitive.

Intense competition in the
industries in which our businesses operate could limit our ability to
attract and retain customers.

The defense industry and the other
industries in which our businesses operate, and the market for defense
applications, is highly competitive. We expect that the DoD’s
increased use of commercial off-the-shelf products and components in
military equipment will continue to encourage new competitors to enter
the market. We also expect that competition for original equipment
manufacturing business will increase due to the continued emergence of
merchant suppliers. Our ability to compete for defense contracts
largely depends on some of the following
factors:

• 

the effectiveness
and innovation of our technologies and research and development
programs;

• 

our
ability to offer better program performance than our competitors at a
lower cost;

• 

our
ability to retain our employees and hire new ones, particularly those
who have U.S. Government security
clearances;

• 

our
historical technical and schedule performance;
and

• 

the
capabilities of our facilities, equipment and personnel to undertake
the programs for which we compete.

We are the incumbent supplier
or have been the sole provider for many years for certain programs. We
refer to such contracts as ‘‘sole-source’’
contracts. In such cases, there may be other suppliers who have the
capability to compete for the programs involved, but they can only
enter or re-enter the market if the customer chooses to reopen or
recompete the particular program to competition. The majority of our
sales are derived from contracts with the U.S. Government and its prime
contractors, which are principally awarded on the basis of negotiations
or competitive bids. Additionally, some of our competitors are larger
than us and have substantially greater financial and other resources
than we have. 

Our debt agreements restrict our ability
to finance our future operations and, if we are unable to meet our
financial ratios, could cause our existing debt to be accelerated.

Our debt agreements contain a number of significant
covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability
to:

• 

sell
assets;

• 

incur more
indebtedness;

• 

repay
certain
indebtedness;

• 

pay
dividends on the common stock of L-3
Holdings;

• 

repurchase
shares of L-3 Holdings’ common
stock;

• 

make certain
investments or business
acquisitions;

• 

repurchase or
redeem capital stock;

• 

make
certain capital expenditures;

21

Table of Contents

• 

engage
in business mergers or consolidations;
and

• 

engage in
certain transactions with subsidiaries and
affiliates.

These restrictions could impair our ability
to finance our future operations or capital needs or engage in other
business activities that may be in our interest. In addition, some of
our debt agreements also require us to maintain compliance with certain
financial ratios, including (1) total consolidated earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to total consolidated
cash interest expense and (2) total consolidated funded
indebtedness less designated cash balances to total consolidated
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Our
ability to comply with these ratios and covenants may be affected by
events beyond our control. A breach of any of these agreements or our
inability to comply with the required financial ratios or covenants
could result in a default under those debt agreements. In the event of
any such default, the lenders under those debt agreements could elect
to:

• 

declare all
outstanding debt, accrued interest and fees to be due and immediately
payable;

• 

require
us to apply all of our available cash to repay our outstanding senior
debt; and

• 

prevent
us from making debt service payments on our other
debt.

If we are unable to attract and retain key
management and personnel, we may become unable to operate our business
effectively.

Our future success depends to a
significant degree upon the continued contributions of our management,
including Mr. Michael T. Strianese, our President and
Chief Executive Officer, and our ability to attract and retain other
highly qualified management and technical personnel, including
employees who have U.S. Government security clearances, particularly
clearances of top-secret and above. We do not maintain any key person
life insurance policies for members of our management. We face
competition for management and technical personnel from other companies
and organizations. Failure to attract and retain such personnel would
damage our prospects.

Environmental laws and regulation may
subject us to significant liability.

Our operations are
subject to various U.S. federal, state and local as well as certain
foreign environmental laws and regulations within the countries in
which we operate relating to the discharge, storage, treatment,
handling, disposal and remediation of certain materials, substances and
wastes used in our operations.

New laws and regulations,
stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of
previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new clean-up
requirements may require us to incur a significant amount of additional
costs in the future and could decrease the amount of free cash flow
available to us for other purposes, including capital expenditures,
research and development and other investments and could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and future prospects.

Termination of our
backlog of orders could negatively impact our results of operations and
cash flows.

We currently have a backlog of orders,
primarily under contracts with the U.S. Government. Our total funded
backlog was $8,743.0 million at December 31, 2006.
The U.S. Government may unilaterally modify or terminate its contracts.
Accordingly, most of our backlog could be modified or terminated by the
U.S. Government, which would negatively impact our results of
operations and cash flows.

Our sales to certain foreign
customers expose us to risks associated with operating
internationally.

For the year ended December 31, 2006,
sales to foreign customers, excluding our foreign sales made under
foreign military sales (FMS) agreements directly between the U.S.
Government and allied foreign governments represented approximately
11.8% of our consolidated sales. Consequently, our businesses
are subject to a variety of risks that are specific to international
operations, including the
following:

• 

export
regulations that could erode profit margins or restrict
exports;

• 

compliance
with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA);

22

Table of Contents

• 

the
burden and cost of compliance with foreign laws, treaties and technical
standards and changes in those
regulations;

• 

contract
award and funding
delays;

• 

potential
restrictions on transfers of
funds;

• 

foreign
currency
fluctuations;

• 

import
and export duties and value added
taxes;

• 

transportation
delays and
interruptions;

• 

uncertainties
arising from foreign local business practices and cultural
considerations;
and

• 

potential
military conflicts and political risks.

While we have
and will continue to adopt measures to reduce the potential impact of
losses resulting from the risks of our foreign business, we cannot
ensure that such measures will be adequate.