.

We Have a Limited Operating History and Substantial Cumulative Operating Losses.

We have a history of substantial operating losses and an accumulated deficit of $12,195,031 as of December 31, 2010. For the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, our income (loss) from operations was $(2,046,624), and $(10,064,456), respectively. We have historically experienced cash flow difficulties primarily because our expenses have exceeded our revenues. We expect to incur additional operating losses. These factors, among others, raise significant doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue from our operations to pay expenses or we are unable to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.

We Will Need Additional Financing.

We may require additional capital to finance our future operations. We can provide no assurance that we will obtain additional financing sufficient to meet our future needs on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise.

There May Be Limited Liquidity in Our Common Stock and Its Price May Be Subject to Fluctuation.

Our common stock is currently traded on the OTC Bulletin Board and there is only a limited market for our common stock. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to have our common stock listed on an exchange or quoted on NASDAQ or that it will continue to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. If there is no trading market for our common stock, the market price of our common stock will be materially and adversely affected.

SEC Rules Concerning Sales of Low-Priced Securities May Hinder Re-Sales of Our Common Stock.

Because our common stock has a market price that is less than five dollars per share, our common stock is not listed on an exchange or quoted on NASDAQ and is traded on the OTC Bulletin Board. Brokers and dealers who handle trades in our common stock are subject to certain SEC disclosure rules when effecting trades in our common stock, including disclosure of the following: the bid and offer prices of our common stock, the compensation of the brokerage firm and the salesperson handling a trade and legal remedies available to the buyer. These requirements may hinder re-sales of our common stock and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

4

Table of Contents

We Have Limitations On The Effectiveness Of Our Internal Controls.

We currently have three full-time employees. The employees are engaged in sales, management and general and administrative capacities. A complete set of internal controls is not possible in an organization of this size. Management does not expect that its disclosure controls or its internal controls will prevent all errors and intentional misrepresentations. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within the organization have been detected.

New and Increased Competition.

There are a number of companies in the marketplace which sell spices.  Many of our competitors are larger and possess considerably greater financial, marketing, management and other resources than we do.  At this time none of our competitors currently sell a vitamin infused product, but there is no assurance that such product will not be developed which could increase competition in the Company’s niche market.  Increased competition could result in reduced volume and margins, each of which could materially adversely affect our revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.