You should carefully consider the following factors
and other information contained or incorporated by reference in this
Form 10-K. Any of these risks could materially adversely affect our
business and our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flow, which could in turn materially adversely affect the price of our
common stock.

Our significant level of debt and our ability
to make payments on or service our indebtedness may adversely affect
our financial and operating activity or ability to incur additional
debt.

We have incurred substantial indebtedness to finance our
business acquisitions, including indebtedness incurred in connection
with the Titan acquisition. At December 31, 2005, we had
approximately $4,650.0 million in aggregate principal amount of
outstanding debt, excluding $104.8 million of outstanding letters
of credit under our senior credit facility. In addition, we had
additional borrowing capacity under our senior credit facility, after
reductions for outstanding letters of credit, of approximately
$895.2 million at December 31, 2005. In the future,
we may borrow more money, subject to limitations imposed on us by our
debt agreements.

Our ability to make scheduled payments of
principal and interest on our indebtedness and to refinance our
indebtedness depends on our future performance. We do not have complete
control over our future performance because it is subject to economic,
political, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors
affecting the aerospace and defense industry. It is possible that in
the future our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from
operations to allow us to service our debt and make necessary capital
expenditures. If this situation occurs, we may have to sell assets,
restructure debt or obtain additional equity capital. We may not be
able to do so in accordance with the restrictions contained in our debt
agreements.

16

Our level of indebtedness has important
consequences to us. These consequences may include:

• 

requiring a substantial portion
of our net cash flow from operations to be used to pay interest and
principal on our debt and therefore be unavailable for other purposes,
including capital expenditures, research and development and other
investments;

• 

limiting our
ability to obtain additional financing for acquisitions, working
capital, investments or other expenditures, which, in each case, may
limit our ability to carry out our acquisition strategy;

• 

higher interest expenses due to
increases in interest rates on our borrowings that have variable
interest rates;

• 

heightening
our vulnerability to downturns in our business or in the general
economy and restricting us from making acquisitions, introducing new
technologies and products or exploiting business opportunities; and

• 

impacting debt covenants that
limit our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets or pay
cash dividends. Failure to comply with such covenants could result in
an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the
acceleration of our outstanding indebtedness.

Additionally, on
December 31, 2005, we had $7,140.5 million of
contractual obligations (including outstanding indebtedness). For a
detailed listing of the components of contractual obligations, see
‘‘Part II – Item 7 – Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation
– Contractual Obligations.’’

Our business
acquisition strategy involves risks, and we may not successfully
implement our strategy.

We seek to acquire companies that
complement our existing businesses. We may not be able to continue to
identify acquisition candidates on commercially reasonable terms or at
all. If we make additional acquisitions, we may not realize the
benefits anticipated from these acquisitions, including cost synergies
and improving margins. Furthermore, we may not be able to obtain
additional financing for acquisitions, since such additional financing
could be restricted by the terms of our debt agreements.

The
process of integrating the operations of acquired businesses, including
Titan and other recent business acquisitions, into our existing
operations may result in unforeseen difficulties and may require
significant financial and managerial resources that would otherwise be
available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing
operations. Possible future business acquisitions could result in the
incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense and
contingent liabilities, each of which could result in an increase to
our already significant level of outstanding debt. We consider and
execute strategic acquisitions on an ongoing basis and may be
evaluating acquisitions or engage in acquisition negotiations at any
given time. We regularly evaluate potential acquisitions and joint
venture transactions, and, except as disclosed in ‘‘Part II
– Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Business
Acquisitions'’, we have not entered into any other
agreements with respect to any material transactions. Furthermore, in
certain of our business acquisitions we have assumed all claims against
and liabilities of the acquired business, including both asserted or
unasserted claims and liabilities.

We rely on sales to
U.S. Government entities, and the loss of a significant number of our
contracts would have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and cash flows. 

Our sales are predominantly
derived from contracts (revenue arrangements) with agencies of, and
prime contractors to, the U.S. Government. At December 31,
2005, we had approximately 1,500 contracts (revenue arrangements) with
individual estimated contract values in excess of $1.0 million.
Approximately 79.9%, or $7,542.2 million, of our sales for
the year ended December 31, 2005 were made directly or
indirectly to U.S. Government agencies, including the DoD. For the year
ended December 31, 2005, our largest contract represented
4.5% of our sales, and sales from our five largest programs
amounted to $1,433.9 million, or 15.2% of our sales. The
loss of all or a substantial portion of our sales to the U.S.
Government would have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and cash flows.

A substantial majority of our total
sales are for products and services under contracts with various
agencies and procurement offices of the DoD or with prime contractors
to the DoD. Although these 

17

various parts of the DoD are subject to
common budgetary pressures and other factors, our customers exercise
independent purchasing decisions. Because of this concentration of
contracts, if a significant number of our DoD contracts and
subcontracts are simultaneously delayed or cancelled for budgetary
performance or other reasons, it would have a material adverse effect
on our revenues, operating income and cash flows.

In addition to
contract cancellations and declines in agency budgets, our backlog and
future financial results, may be adversely affected by:

• 

curtailment of the U.S.
Government’s use of technology or other services and products
providers, including curtailment due to government budget reductions
and related fiscal matters;

• 

developments in Iraq,
Afghanistan or other geopolitical developments that affect demand for
products and services;

• 

our
ability to hire and retain personnel to meet increasing demand for our
services including our ability to meet demands for linguist services;
and

• 

technological
developments that impact purchasing decisions or our competitive
position.

These or other factors could cause U.S. defense and
other federal agencies to reduce their purchases under contracts, to
exercise their right to terminate contracts or not to exercise options
to renew contracts or limit our ability to obtain new contract awards.
Any of these actions or any of the other actions described above could
significantly reduce our revenues, operating income and cash flows.

Our results of operations and cash flows, as well as our
valuation of contracts in process are substantially affected by our
fixed-price, cost reimbursable and time-and-material type contracts.

The majority of our contracts (revenue arrangements)
require us to design, develop, manufacture, modify, upgrade, test and
integrate complex aerospace and electronic equipment, and to provide
related engineering and technical services according to the
buyer’s specifications. These sales are transacted using written
revenue arrangements, or contracts, which are generally either
fixed-price, cost-reimbursable or time-and-material. For a description
of our revenue recognition policies, see ‘‘Part II –
Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting
Policies.’’ For the year ended December 31,
2005, approximately 53.2% of our sales were generated from
fixed-price type contracts, approximately 30.4% of our sales
were generated from cost-reimbursable type contracts and approximately
16.4% of our sales were generated from time-and-material type
contracts. Substantially all of our cost-reimbursable and
time-and-material type contracts are with the U.S. Government,
primarily with the DoD. Substantially all of our sales to commercial
customers are transacted under fixed-price sales arrangements, and are
included in our fixed-price type contract sales.

On a
fixed-price type contract (revenue arrangement), we agree to perform
the contractual statement of work for a predetermined contract price.
Although a fixed-price type contract generally permits us to retain
profits if the total actual contract costs are less than the estimated
contract costs, we bear the risk that increased or unexpected costs may
reduce our profit or cause us to sustain losses on the contract.
Accounting for the sales on a fixed-price type contract requires the
preparation of estimates of (1) the total contract revenue, (2) the
total costs at completion, which is equal to the sum of the actual
incurred costs to date on the contract and the estimated costs to
complete the contract’s statement of work, and (3) the
measurement of progress towards completion. Adjustments to original
estimates for a contract’s revenue, estimated costs at
completion and estimated total profit or loss are often required as
work progresses under a contract, as experience is gained and as more
information is obtained, even though the scope of work required under
the contract may not change, or if contract modifications occur.

On a cost-reimbursable type contract (revenue arrangement), we are
paid our allowable incurred costs plus a profit which can be fixed or
variable depending on the contract’s fee arrangement up to
predetermined funding levels determined by our customers. On a
time-and-material type contract (revenue arrangement), we are paid on
the basis of direct labor hours expended at specified fixed-price
hourly rates (that include wages, overhead, general and administrative
expenses and profit) and materials 

18

at cost. Therefore, on cost-reimbursable
type and time-and-material type contracts we do not bear the risks of
unexpected cost overruns, provided that we do not incur costs that
exceed the predetermined funded amounts.

The impact of revisions
in profit (loss) estimates for all types of contracts are recognized on
a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions are
made. Provisions for anticipated losses on contracts are recorded in
the period in which they become evident. Amounts representing contract
change orders or claims are included in sales only when they can be
reliably estimated and their realization is reasonably assured. The
revisions in contract estimates, if significant, can materially affect
our results of operations and cash flows, as well as our valuations of
contracts in process.

Our government contracts entail certain
risks.

A decline in or a redirection of the U.S.
defense budget could result in a material decrease in our sales,
earnings and cash flows.

Our government contracts are
dependent upon the U.S. defense budget. The DoD budget has increased
for each fiscal year from fiscal year 1997 to fiscal year 2006 and,
based on the Bush Administration’s current Future Year Defense
Plan (FYDP), the DoD budget would continue to increase through fiscal
year 2009. However, the future DoD budgets after fiscal year 2006 could
be negatively impacted by several factors, including, but not limited
to, the U.S. Government’s budget deficits, a change in spending
priorities and the costs of sustaining the U.S. military operations in
Iraq and Afghanistan, which could cause the DoD budget to remain
unchanged or to decline. A significant decline in or redirection of
U.S. military expenditures in the future could result in a material
decrease to our sales, earnings and cash flow. The loss or significant
reduction in government funding of a large program in which we
participate could also result in a material decrease to our future
sales, earnings and cash flows. U.S. Government contracts are also
conditioned upon the continuing approval by Congress of the amount of
necessary spending. Congress usually appropriates funds for a given
program on a September 30 fiscal year basis, even though contract
periods of performance may extend over many years. Consequently, at the
beginning of a major program, the contract is usually partially funded,
and additional monies are normally committed to the contract by the
procuring agency only as appropriations are made by Congress for future
fiscal years.

Our government contracts contain
unfavorable termination provisions and are subject to audit and
modification. If a termination right is exercised by the government, it
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operation.

Companies engaged
primarily in supplying defense-related equipment and services to U.S.
Government agencies are subject to certain business risks peculiar to
the defense industry. These risks include the ability of the U.S.
Government to unilaterally:

• 

suspend us from
receiving new contracts pending resolution of alleged violations of
procurement laws or regulations;

• 

terminate existing
contracts;

• 

reduce
the value of existing contracts;

• 

audit our
contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs;
and

• 

control and
potentially prohibit the export of our products.

All of our U.S.
Government contracts can be terminated by the U.S. Government either
for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform under the
contract. Termination for convenience provisions provide only for our
recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit
on the work completed prior to termination. Termination for default
provisions provide for the contractor to be liable for excess costs
incurred by the U.S. Government in procuring undelivered items from
another source. Our contracts with foreign governments generally
contain similar provisions relating to termination at the convenience
of the customer.

The U.S. Government may review our costs and
performance on their contracts, as well as our accounting and general
business practices. Based on the results of such audits, the U.S.
Government may 

19

adjust our contract-related costs and fees,
including allocated indirect costs. In addition, under U.S. Government
purchasing regulations, some of our costs, including most financing
costs, portions of research and development costs, and certain
marketing expenses may not be reimbursable under U.S. Government
contracts. Further, as a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to
investigation, legal action and/or liability that would not apply to a
commercial company.

We may not be able to win
competitively awarded contracts or receive required licenses to export
our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our
government contracts are subject to competitive bidding. We obtain many
of our U.S. Government contracts through a competitive bidding process.
We may not be able to continue to win competitively awarded contracts.
In addition, awarded contracts may not generate sales sufficient to
result in our profitability. We are also subject to risks associated
with the following:

• 

the
frequent need to bid on programs in advance of the completion of their
design, which may result in unforeseen technological difficulties
and/or cost overruns;

• 

the
substantial time, effort and experience required to prepare bids and
proposals for competitively awarded contracts that may not be awarded
to us;

• 

design complexity and
rapid technological obsolescence; and

• 

the constant need for design
improvement.

In addition to these U.S. Government contract
risks, we are required to obtain licenses from U.S. Government agencies
to export many of our products and systems. Additionally, we are not
permitted to export some of our products. Failure to receive required
licenses would eliminate our ability to sell our products outside the
United States. Furthermore, in connection with a plea agreement with
the DoJ regarding Titan’s alleged violations of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), Titan is currently unable to obtain new
export licenses for items regulated by the U.S. Department of State and
Titan may not be able to obtain new export licenses or amendments to
existing ones or to utilize licensing exemptions until after March
2008.

We are subject to government investigations,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and future prospects.

We
are from time to time subject to governmental investigations relating
to our operations. We are currently cooperating with the U.S.
Government on several investigations, including but not limited to, an
investigation regarding the Combat Survivor/Evader Locator (CSEL)
program (which is discussed below). Under U.S. Government procurement
regulations, an indictment by a federal grand jury could result in us
being suspended for a period of time from eligibility for awards of new
government contracts. A conviction could result in debarment from
contracting with the federal government for a specified term.

Our Interstate Electronics Corporation subsidiary (IEC) is under
criminal investigation by the United States Army Criminal Investigation
Command. The investigation relates to IEC’s role on the CSEL
program, on which IEC is a subcontractor to The Boeing Company
(Boeing). IEC provides the GPS modules to Boeing for the CSEL program.
The GPS module includes a complex printed wiring board (PWB) that IEC
purchased from two suppliers. The investigation appears to be focused
on alleged manufacturing deficiencies in the PWBs and IEC’s
actions when it became aware of the potential manufacturing problems of
the suppliers. We have conducted an internal investigation of this
matter using outside counsel and currently believe that no criminal
activity occurred. We are cooperating fully with the investigation and
have voluntarily recalled all the PWBs and are repairing them as they
are received. The outcome of our current (or future) governmental
investigations cannot, however, be predicted, and any indictment,
conviction or material fine or settlement arising out of these
investigations could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.

We are subject to the risks of current and future legal
proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and future prospects. 

At any
given time, we are a defendant in various material legal proceedings
and litigations arising in the ordinary course of business, including
litigation, claims and assessments that have been asserted

20

against acquired businesses, which we have
assumed. Although we maintain insurance policies, we can make no
assurance that this insurance will be adequate to protect us from all
material judgments and expenses related to potential future claims or
that these levels of insurance will be available in the future at
economical prices or at all. A significant judgment against us, arising
out of any of our current or future legal proceedings and litigation,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and future prospects. At present, the litigation with OSI
Systems, Inc., is scheduled to go to trial in April 2006. In
addition, The Titan Corporation was subject to a number of litigation
matters and government investigations that we assumed as part of our
acquisition of Titan. For a discussion of the material litigation to
which we are currently a party, see Note 14 to our audited consolidated
financial statements.

Our inability to keep pace with rapidly
evolving products and technological change could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

The rapid change of technology is a key feature of
most of the markets in which our products and systems oriented
businesses operate. To succeed in the future, we will need to continue
to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market and support new
products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis.
Historically, our technology has been developed through customer-funded
and internally funded research and development and through certain
business acquisitions. We may not be able to continue to maintain
comparable levels of research and development or successfully complete
such acquisitions. In the past we have allocated substantial funds to
capital expenditures, programs and other investments. This practice
will continue to be required in the future. Even so, we may not be able
to successfully identify new opportunities and may not have the needed
financial resources to develop new products in a timely or
cost-effective manner. At the same time, products and technologies
developed by others may render our products and systems obsolete or
non-competitive.

Intense competition in the industries in which
our businesses operate could limit our ability to attract and retain
customers.

The defense industry and the other
industries in which our businesses operate, and the market for defense
applications, is highly competitive. We expect that the DoD’s
increased use of commercial off-the-shelf products and components in
military equipment will continue to encourage new competitors to enter
the market. We also expect that competition for original equipment
manufacturing business will increase due to the continued emergence of
merchant suppliers. Our ability to compete for defense contracts
largely depends on the following factors:

• 

the effectiveness and innovation
of our technologies and research and development programs;

• 

our ability to offer better
program performance than our competitors at a lower cost;

• 

our ability to retain our
employees and hire new ones, particularly those who have U.S.
Government security clearances;

• 

our historical technical and
schedule performance; and

• 

the capabilities of our
facilities, equipment and personnel to undertake the programs for which
we compete.

We are the incumbent supplier or have been the sole
provider for many years for certain programs. We refer to such
contracts as ‘‘sole-source’’ contracts. In such
cases, there may be other suppliers who have the capability to compete
for the programs involved, but they can only enter or reenter the
market if the customer chooses to reopen or recompete the particular
program to competition. The majority of our sales are derived from
contracts with the U.S. Government and its prime contractors, which are
principally awarded on the basis of negotiations or competitive bids.
Additionally, some of our competitors are larger than us and have
substantially greater financial and other resources than we have.

Our debt agreements restrict our ability to finance
our future operations and, if we are unable to meet our financial
ratios, could cause our existing debt to be accelerated. 

Our debt agreements contain a number of significant covenants that,
among other things, restrict our ability to:

21

• 

sell
assets;

• 

incur more
indebtedness;

• 

repay certain
indebtedness;

• 

pay dividends
on the common stock of L-3 Holdings;

• 

make certain investments or
business acquisitions;

• 

repurchase or redeem capital
stock;

• 

make certain capital
expenditures;

• 

engage in
business mergers or consolidations; and

• 

engage in certain transactions
with subsidiaries and affiliates.

These restrictions could hurt
our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or engage
in other business activities that may be in our interest. In addition,
some of our debt agreements also require us to maintain compliance with
certain financial ratios, including total consolidated earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to total consolidated
cash interest expense and total consolidated debt less designated cash
balances to total consolidated earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization. Our ability to comply with these ratios
and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. A breach of
any of these agreements or our inability to comply with the required
financial ratios or covenants could result in a default under those
debt agreements. In the event of any such default, the lenders under
those debt agreements could elect to:

• 

declare all outstanding debt,
accrued interest and fees to be due and immediately payable;

• 

require us to apply all of our
available cash to repay our outstanding senior debt; and

• 

prevent us from making debt
service payments on our other debt.

If we are unable to attract
and retain key management and personnel, we may become unable to
operate our business effectively.

Our future success depends to
a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our
management, including Mr. Lanza, our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, and our ability to attract and retain other highly qualified
management and technical personnel, including employees who have U.S.
Government security clearances, particularly clearances of top-secret
and above. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies
for members of our management. We have an employment agreement with
Mr. Lanza. We face competition for management and technical
personnel from other companies and organizations. Failure to attract
and retain such personnel would damage our prospects.

Environmental laws and regulation may subject us to significant
liability.

Our operations are subject to various U.S. federal,
state and local as well as certain foreign environmental laws and
regulations within the countries in which we operate relating to the
discharge, storage, treatment, handling, disposal and remediation of
certain materials, substances and wastes used in our operations.

New laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and
regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the
imposition of new clean-up requirements may require us to incur a
significant amount of additional costs in the future and could decrease
the amount of free cash flow available to us for other purposes,
including capital expenditures, research and development and other
investments and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.

Termination of our backlog of orders could negatively impact our
results of operations and cash flows.

We currently have a
backlog of orders, primarily under contracts with the U.S. Government.
Our total funded backlog was $7,000.9 million at December
31, 2005. The U.S. Government may unilaterally 

22

modify or terminate its contracts.
Accordingly, most of our backlog could be modified or terminated by the
U.S. Government, which would negatively impact our results of
operations and cash flows.