.

Potential investors should consider the following special risk
factors which pertain to the Company.

There are
three types of risks to investing in our common stock, the first risk being
risks related to the development of our products and the second type of risk
relates to the structure of the offering; and the final risk is related to the
uniqueness of the device.

Risks
Related to Development of our Device

We may not be able to have our device manufactured or we may not
be able to have it manufactured on a timely basis or cost effectively.

If the device is not manufactured, QualSec will not enjoy any
sales revenue.  We have not identified the persons who will manufacture the
device in commercial quantities and cannot engineer the design for manufacturing
until the prototype is completed. We may not be able to find a suitable
manufacturer. The manufacturer may not be able to obtain raw materials or
complete manufacture at a price which is economically feasible. We may be unable
to engineer the design for manufacture or be able to manufacture the device on a
timely, efficient basis with sufficient quality control. There could arise
unforeseeable problems with the manufacture, including problems with quality
control, inability of the manufacturer to produce finished product timely and in
accordance with the specifications, or with obtaining components. Thus, even if
we can design the device and can find a market for the device we may not be able
to have it efficiently and timely manufactured, leading to a total loss of your
investment.

We could be subject to product liability claims.

Currently diagnostic and sensory devices are not generally subject
to product liability claims for errors or inaccuracies. For example, under
QualSec's understanding of product liability law, if our device is used to
screen for lung cancer, and returns a false negative as the result (the patient
had lung cancer but the device was unable to detect it), QualSec would not be
liable for product liability claims. This is due to public policy which
recognizes that first, it is impossible to produce a 100% accurate testing
device, second, that fact is recognized and so medical professionals use not
only one test but a complex of factors in making a diagnosis, and finally
because should the law impose product liability for inaccurate test results, no
manufacturer would supply testing equipment and no lab would perform tests.
However, new laws or judicial decisions could be enacted imposing such
liability. Also, the device will use chemicals suspended in gel and placed on a
polycarbonate disk as the testing medium. It is possible that some person,
perhaps a toddler, will attempt to remove the gel from a testing disk and ingest
the gel, resulting in injury or poisoning, and a court of law could hold QualSec
liable under product liability theory. QualSec does not currently have any
product liability insurance and may not obtain such insurance, so that any legal
judgment and the legal defense costs could seriously and adversely affect
QualSec. 

Our device's competitive advantage, if any, will be primarily
based on the technology we have and will develop. Competitors may develop
technology which is superior or believed to be superior.

Although QualSec has filed a patent application and may file
additional patent applications on certain aspects of its technology, such patent
applications may not be approved, may be contested by competitors or may be
infringed upon. Any patent application we file is subject to review by the U.S.
Patent Office and may not be approved.  If our patent applications are not
approved, competitors can copy our technology with impunity. We may lack funds
for any patent litigation, even if patent applications are granted. Further,
technological advances or elevated customer expectations may render our device
obsolete.

We have not secured orders for the sale of the device and cannot
do so until we have completed a working model and can be sure we can supply the
device in commercial quantities.

If we cannot obtain buyers for the device we will not be able to
continue in business. Even if we secure orders, we may not attain profitability
and will be unable to maintain operations unless we are able to obtain
additional financing. Such financing may be impossible to find on terms
satisfactory to QualSec.

Risks
Related to the Common Stock

There is only a limited public trading market for the common
stock.

Investors may not be able to resell their common stock for a
profit, if at all, and thus could lose all or part of their investment. Our
common stock will be a “penny stock” (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 3a-51) for
the foreseeable future  which means that brokers can only buy or sell the
common stock on an unsolicited basis. The penny stock rule and similar
regulations will reduce the likelihood that a liquid trading market will arise
for the common stock. The common stock may trade at less than the offering
price. Because our stock will be a “penny stock” a shareholder may find it more
difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of,
QualSec's common stock.

In the absence of a security being quoted on NASDAQ, or the
Company having $2,000,000 in net tangible assets, trading in the Common Stock is
covered by Rule 15c2-6 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for
non-NASDAQ and non-exchange listed securities.  Under such rule,
broker/dealers who recommend such securities to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors (generally institutions with assets in excess
of $5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or an
annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouse) must
make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser's written agreement to a transaction prior to sale.
 Securities are also exempt from this rule if the market price is at least
$5.00 per share, or for warrants, if the warrants have an exercise price of at
least $5.00 per share.

The Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990
require additional disclosures related to the market for penny stocks and for
trades in any stock defined as a penny stock.  The Commission's regulations
under such Act define a penny stock to be any NASDAQ or non-NASDAQ equity
security that has a market price or exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
and allow for the enforcement against violators of the proposed rules.  In
addition, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to any
transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the
Commission explaining important concepts involving the penny stock market, the
nature of such market, terms used in such market, the broker/dealer's duties to
the customer, a toll-free telephone number for inquiries about the
broker/dealer's disciplinary history, and the customer's rights and remedies in
case of fraud or abuse in the sale.  Disclosure also must be made about
commissions payable to both the broker/dealer and the registered representative,
current quotations for the securities, and if the broker/dealer is the sole
market-maker, the broker/dealer must disclose this fact and its control over the
market.  Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price
information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the
limited market in penny stocks.

While many NASDAQ stocks are covered by the proposed definition of
penny stock, transactions in NASDAQ stock are exempt from all but the sole
market-maker provision for (i) issuers who have $2,000,000 in tangible assets
($5,000,000 if the issuer has not been in continuous operation for three years),
(ii) transactions in which the customer is an institutional accredited investor
and (iii) transactions that are not recommended by the broker/dealer.  In
addition, transactions in a NASDAQ security directly with the NASDAQ
market-maker for such securities, are subject only to the sole market-maker
disclosure, and the disclosure with regard to commissions to be paid to the
broker/dealer and the registered representatives.

In order to provide the additional $4,500,000 required to complete
development, manufacture and market the device, QualSec will need to offer
additional shares of its common stock or offer other securities.

QualSec cannot predict the terms of these offerings nor the price
at which shares of common stock may be offered. If we do not obtain the
additional $4,500,000 required to complete development, manufacture and market
the device, we will not be able to complete development, manufacture the device,
market it or even remain in operations, resulting in a loss of all or most of
your investment. QualSec is required to raise an additional $4,500,000 in order
to design the prototype for manufacture, manufacture the device, market the
device, and pay for general and administrative expenses on a day to day basis.
The investor should bear in mind that $4,500,000 is a significant amount of
money. We might have to raise this $4,500,000 in one or more stages or
offerings, each with its own terms and dilution to existing shareholders. Such
an offering might require the participation of institutional investors, which
are more likely to demand more stringent terms for any placement.  QualSec
has not determined the terms for any offering.  Any future offering may be
for common stock, or may be for a security with rights superior to that of the
common stock. In connection with any offering, QualSec may be required to add
investor’s representatives to the Board of Directors, or may be required to
commit to other conditions. If other conditions are not met, existing investors
could have their rights or equity ownership substantially diluted. We cannot at
this time determine the terms of any follow-on offering or whether it will ever
occur.