In
 addition to the risks discussed below and elsewhere in this "Business" section,
 see "Factors Affecting Future Operating Results" included in "Management's
 Discussion and Analysis" for further discussion of other risks and uncertainties
 that may affect the Company.

Semiconductor
 Industry. 

The
 semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to significant
 economic downturns at various times. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor
 industry may cause the Company to experience substantial period-to-period
 fluctuations in its results of operations.

Typically,
 the Company's ability to meet its revenue goals and projections is dependent
 to
 a large extent on the orders it receives from its customers within the period.
 Historically, the Company has maintained low lead times, which have enabled
 customers to place orders close to their true needs for product. In defining
 its
 financial goals and projections, the Company considers inventory on hand,
 backlog, production cycles and expected order patterns from customers. If
 the
 Company's estimates in these areas become inaccurate, it may not be able
 to meet
 its revenue goals and projections. In addition, some customers require the
 Company to manufacture product and have it available for shipment, even though
 the customer is unwilling to make a binding commitment to purchase all, or
 even
 some, of the product.

The
 semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid technological change, price
 erosion, occasional shortages of materials, capacity constraints, variations
 in
 manufacturing efficiencies, and significant expenditures for capital equipment
 and product development. New product introductions are a critical factor
 for
 future sales growth and sustained profitability. Although the Company believes
 that the high performance segment of the linear integrated circuit market
 is
 generally less affected by price erosion or by significant expenditures for
 capital equipment and product development than other semiconductor market
 sectors, future operating results may reflect substantial period-to-period
 fluctuations due to these or other factors. 

Manufacturing.

 The
 Company relies on its internal manufacturing facilities located in California
 and Washington to fabricate most of its wafers; however, the Company is
 dependent on outside silicon foundries for a small portion of its wafer
 fabrication. The Company could be adversely affected in the event of a major
 earthquake, which could cause temporary loss of capacity, loss of raw materials,
 and damage to manufacturing equipment. Additionally, the Company relies on
 its
 internal and external assembly and testing facilities located in Singapore
 and
 Malaysia. The Company is subject to economic and political risks inherent
 to
 international operations, including changes in local governmental policies,
 currency fluctuations, transportation delays and the imposition of export
 controls or increased import tariffs. The Company could be adversely affected
 if
 any such changes are applicable to the Company's foreign
 operations.

The
 Company's manufacturing yields are a function of product design and process
 technology, both of which are developed by the Company. The manufacture and
 design of integrated circuits is highly complex. To the extent the Company
 does
 not achieve acceptable manufacturing yields or there are delays in wafer
 fabrication, its results of operations could be adversely affected.

Dependence
 on Independent Subcontractors and Foundries. 

A
 portion
 of the Company's wafers (approximately 20%) are processed by offshore
 independent assembly subcontractors located in Malaysia and Thailand. These
 subcontractors separate wafers into individual circuits and assemble them
 into
 various finished package types. Reliability problems experienced by the
 Company's assemblers could cause problems in delivery and quality resulting
 in
 potential product liability to the Company. The Company could also be adversely
 affected by political disorders, labor disruptions, and natural disasters
 in
 these locations. 

The
 Company is dependent on outside silicon foundries for a small portion (less
 than
 5%) of its wafer fabrication. If these foundries are unable or unwilling
 to
 produce adequate supplies of processed wafers conforming to the Company's
 quality standards, the Company's business and relationships with its customers
 for the limited quantities of products produced by these foundries could
 be
 adversely affected. Finding alternate sources of supply or initiating internal
 wafer processing for these products may not be economically
 feasible.

Worldwide
 Operations

.
 During
 fiscal year 2006, 70% of the Company's revenues were derived from customers
 in
 international markets. Also, the Company has test and assembly facilities
 outside the United States in Singapore and Malaysia. Accordingly, the Company
 is
 subject to the economic and political risks inherent in international operations
 and their impact on the United States economy in general, including the risks
 associated with ongoing uncertainties and political and economic instability
 in
 many countries around the world as well as the economic disruption from acts
 of
 terrorism, and the response to them by the United States and its allies.

Litigation.

 The
 Company is subject to various legal proceedings arising out of a wide range
 of
 matters, including, among others, patent suits, securities issues and employment
 claims. From time to time, as is typical in the semiconductor industry, the
 Company receives notice from third parties alleging that the Company's products
 or processes infringe the third parties' intellectual property rights. If
 the
 Company is unable to obtain a necessary license, and one or more of its products
 or processes are determined to infringe intellectual property rights of others,
 a court might enjoin the Company from further manufacture and/or sale of
 the
 affected products. In that case, the Company would need to re-engineer the
 affected products or processes in such a way as to avoid the alleged
 infringement, which may or may not be possible. An adverse result in litigation
 arising from such a claim could involve an injunction to prevent the sales
 of a
 portion of the Company's products, a reduction or the elimination of the
 value
 of related inventories, and/or the assessment of a substantial monetary award
 for damages related to past sales. The Company does not believe that its
 current
 lawsuits will have a material impact on its business or financial condition.
 However, current lawsuits and any future lawsuits will divert resources and
 could result in the payment of substantial damages. In addition, the Company
 may
 incur significant legal costs to assert its intellectual property rights
 when
 the Company believes its products or processes have been infringed by third
 parties.

Protecting
 Proprietary Technology Rights. 

The
 Company's success depends in part to its proprietary technology. While the
 Company attempts to protect its proprietary technology through patents,
 copyrights and trade secret protection, the Company believes that its success
 also depends on increasing its technological expertise, continuing its
 development of new products and providing comprehensive support and service
 to
 its customers. However, the Company may be unable to protect its technology
 in
 all instances, or its competitors may develop similar or more competitive
 technology independently. The Company currently holds a number of United
 States
 and foreign patents and pending patent applications. However, other parties
 may
 challenge or attempt to invalidate or circumvent any patents the United States
 or foreign governments issue to the Company or these governments may fail
 to
 issue patents for pending applications. In addition, the rights granted or
 anticipated under any of these patents or pending patent applications may
 be
 narrower than the Company expects or, in fact provide no competitive advantages.
 The Company may incur significant legal costs to protect its intellectual
 property.

Lead-Free
 Parts. 

Customers
 are requiring that the Company offer its products in lead-free packages.
 Governmental regulations in certain countries and customers' intention to
 produce products that are less harmful to the environment has resulted in
 a
 requirement from many of the Company's customers to purchase integrated circuits
 that do not contain lead. The Company has responded by offering its products
 in
 lead-free versions. While the lead-free versions of the Company's products
 are
 expected to be more friendly to the environment, the ultimate impact is
 uncertain. The transition to lead-free products may produce sudden changes
 in
 demand depending on the packaging method used, which may result in excess
 inventory of products packaged using traditional methods. 
This
 may
 have an adverse effect on the Company's results of operations. In addition,
 the
 quality, cost and manufacturing yields of the lead free products may be less
 favorable compared to the products packaged using more traditional materials
 which may result in higher costs to the Company.

Key
 Personnel.

 The
 Company's performance is substantially dependent on the performance of its
 executive officers and key employees. The loss of the services of key officers,
 technical personnel or other key employees could harm the business. The success
 of the Company depends on its ability to identify, hire, train, develop and
 retain highly qualified technical and managerial personnel. Failure to attract
 and retain the necessary technical and managerial personnel could harm the
 Company. 

Customer
 Purchasing Patterns.

 The
 Company generates revenue from thousands of customers worldwide and believes
 that its revenues are diversified by end-market and geographical region.
 However, the loss of, or a significant reduction of purchases by a portion
 of
 the Company's customer base could adversely affect the Company's results
 of
 operations. The Company can lose a customer due to a change in the customer's
 design or purchasing practices. In addition, the timing of customers inventory
 adjustments may adversely affect the Company's results of operations.

Competition.

Linear
 Technology competes in the high performance segment of the linear market.
 The
 Company's competitors include among others, Analog Devices, Inc., Intersil,
 Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., National Semiconductor Corporation and Texas
 Instruments, Inc. Competition among manufacturers of linear integrated circuits
 is intense, and certain of the Company's competitors may have significantly
 greater financial, technical, manufacturing and marketing resources than
 the
 Company. The principal elements of competition include product performance,
 functional value, quality and reliability, technical service and support,
 price,
 diversity of product line and delivery capabilities. The Company believes
 it
 competes favorably with respect to these factors, although it may be at a
 disadvantage in comparison to larger companies with broader product lines
 and
 greater technical service and support capabilities.

Environmental
 regulations. 

Federal,
 state and local regulations impose various environmental controls on the
 storage, use, discharge and disposal of certain chemicals and gases used
 in
 semiconductor processing. The Company's facilities have been designed to
 comply
 with these regulations, and the Company believes that its activities conform
 to
 present environmental regulations. Increasing public attention has, however,
 been focused on the environmental impact of electronics manufacturing
 operations. While the Company to date has not experienced any materially
 adverse
 business effects from environmental regulations, there can be no assurance
 that
 changes in such regulations will not require the Company to acquire costly
 remediation equipment or to incur substantial expenses to comply with such
 regulations. Any failure by the Company to control the storage, use or disposal
 of, or adequately restrict the discharge of hazardous substances could subject
 it to significant liabilities. 

Summary.

 Although
 the Company believes that it has the product lines, manufacturing facilities
 and
 technical and financial resources for its current operations, revenues and
 profitability can be significantly affected by the above and other factors.
 Additionally, the Company's common stock could be subject to significant
 price
 volatility should sales and/or earnings fail to meet the expectations of
 the
 investment community. Furthermore, stocks of high technology companies are
 subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations that are often unrelated
 or
 disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies.

ITEM
 1B.

UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMMENTS

None

 9