. 

Our business, and the asset management industry in general, is subject to numerous
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could negatively affect our business or results of operations. These risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the ones discussed below and those discussed elsewhere herein and in our other filings
with the SEC, could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we or any of our employees may make. 

Poor Investment Performance Could Lead to a Loss of Assets Under Management and a Decline in Revenues 

We believe
that investment performance is one of the most important factors for the maintenance and growth of our assets under management. Poor investment performance, either on an absolute or relative basis, could impair our revenues and growth because:

•

existing clients might withdraw funds in favor of better performing products, which would result in lower investment advisory and other fees; or 

•

our ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish. 

If our revenues decline without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, our net income will be reduced. 

19 

Table of Contents

Unavailability of Appropriate Investment Opportunities Could Hamper our Investment Performance or
Growth 

An important component of investment performance is the availability of appropriate investment opportunities for new client
funds. If any of our asset managers is not able to find sufficient investments for new client assets in a timely manner, the asset manager’s investment performance could be adversely affected. Alternatively, if one of our asset managers does
not have sufficient investment opportunities for new funds, it may elect to limit its growth by reducing the rate at which it receives new funds. Depending on, among other factors, prevailing market conditions, the asset manager’s investment
style, regulatory and other limits and the market sectors and types of opportunities in which the asset manager typically invests (such as less capitalized companies and other more thinly traded securities in which relatively smaller investments are
typically made), the risks of not having sufficient investment opportunities may increase when an asset manager increases its assets under management, particularly when the increase occurs very quickly. A number of our asset managers, including
Western Asset Management Company, Permal Group, Royce & Associates and Private Capital Management, have had relatively large increases in their assets under management in recent years. Four of The Royce Funds are currently closed to new
investors. Royce & Associates primarily invests in small-cap and micro-cap companies. Private Capital Management is an all-cap manager that focuses to a significant degree on companies with market capitalizations between $500 million and
$20 billion. Consistent with its investment style, the pace of Private Capital Management’s investment of new client assets may be significantly impacted by its view of current market conditions. If our asset managers are not able to identify
sufficient investment opportunities for new client funds, their investment performance or ability to continue to grow may be reduced. 

Assets Under Management May Be Withdrawn, Which May Reduce our Revenues and Net Income 

Our investment advisory and
administrative contracts are generally terminable at will or upon relatively short notice, and investors in the mutual funds that we manage may redeem their investments in the funds at any time without prior notice. Institutional and individual
clients can terminate their relationships with us, reduce the aggregate amount of assets under management, or shift their funds to other types of accounts with different rate structures for any number of reasons, including investment performance,
changes in prevailing interest rates, changes in investment preferences of clients, changes in our reputation in the marketplace, changes in management or control of clients or third party distributors with whom we have relationships, loss of key
investment management personnel and financial market performance. For example, in a declining stock market, the pace of mutual fund redemptions and withdrawal of assets from other accounts could accelerate. Poor investment performance generally or
relative to other investment management firms tends to result in decreased purchases of fund shares, increased redemptions of fund shares, and the loss of institutional or individual accounts. A decrease in our assets under management may reduce our
revenues and, if our revenues decline without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, reduce our net income. 

Our Mutual Fund
Management Contracts May Not Be Renewed, Which May Reduce our Revenues and Net Income 

A substantial portion of our revenues comes
from managing U.S. mutual funds. We generally manage these funds pursuant to management contracts with the funds that must be renewed and approved by the funds’ boards of directors annually. A majority of the directors of each mutual fund are
independent from us. There can be no assurance that the board of directors of each fund that we manage will approve the fund’s management contract each year, or won’t condition its approval on the terms of the management contract being
revised in a way that is adverse to us. If a mutual fund management contract is not renewed, or is revised in a way that is adverse to us, it could result in a reduction in our revenues and, if our revenues decline without a commensurate reduction
in our expenses, our net income will be reduced. 

Changes in Securities Markets and Prices May Affect our Revenues and Net Income

A large portion of our revenues is derived from investment advisory contracts with clients. Under these contracts, the investment
advisory fees we receive are typically based on the market value of assets under management. Accordingly, a decline in the prices of securities generally may cause our revenues and income to decline by: 

20 

Table of Contents

•

causing the value of our assets under management to decrease, which would result in lower investment advisory and other fees; 

•

causing our clients to withdraw funds in favor of investments they perceive offer greater opportunity or lower risk, which would also result in lower investment advisory and other
fees; or 

•

decreasing the performance fees earned by our asset managers. 

If our revenues decline without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, our net income will be reduced. 

There are substantial
fluctuations in price levels in the securities markets. These fluctuations can occur on a daily basis and over longer periods as a result of a variety of factors, including national and international economic and political events, broad trends in
business and finance, and interest rate movements. Reduced securities market prices generally may result in reduced revenues from lower levels of assets under management and loss or reduction in incentive and performance fees. Periods of reduced
market prices may adversely affect our profitability because fixed costs remain relatively unchanged. Because we operate in one industry, the business cycles of our asset managers may occur contemporaneously. Consequently, the effect of an economic
downturn may have a magnified negative effect on our business. 

Increases in Interest Rates Could Have Adverse Effects on our Fixed
Income and Liquidity Assets Under Management 

As of March 31, 2006, approximately 45.4% of our assets under management were
fixed income-related and approximately 17.1% were liquidity assets. Increases in interest rates from their present levels may adversely affect the net asset values of these assets. In addition, in a rising interest rate environment institutional
investors may shift liquidity assets that we manage in pooled investment vehicles to direct investments in the types of assets in which the pooled vehicles invest in order to realize higher yields. Furthermore, increases in interest rates may result
in reduced prices in equity markets. Any of these effects could lower our assets under management and revenues and, if our revenues decline without a corresponding decline in our expenses, reduce our net income. 

Competition in the Asset Management Industry Could Reduce our Revenues and Net Income 

The asset management industry in which we are engaged is extremely competitive and we face substantial competition in all aspects of our business. We
compete with numerous international and domestic asset management firms and broker-dealers, mutual fund complexes, hedge funds, commercial banks, insurance companies, other investment companies and other financial institutions. Many of these
organizations offer products and services that are similar to, or compete with, those offered by our asset managers and have substantially more personnel and greater financial resources than we do. Some of these competitors have proprietary products
and distribution channels that make it more difficult for us to compete with them. In addition, many of our competitors have long-standing and established relationships with distributors and clients. From time to time, our asset managers also
compete with each other for clients and assets under management. Our ability to compete may be adversely affected if our asset managers lose key employees or underperform in comparison to relevant performance benchmarks or peer groups. 

A sizable number of new asset management firms and mutual funds have been established in the last ten years, increasing our competition. In addition,
the asset management industry has experienced consolidation as numerous asset management firms have either been acquired by other financial services firms or ceased operations. In many cases, this has resulted in firms with greater financial
resources than we have. In addition, a number of heavily capitalized companies, including commercial banks and foreign entities have made investments in and acquired asset management firms. Access to mutual funds distribution channels has also
become increasingly competitive. All of these factors could make it more difficult for us to compete, and no assurance can be given that we will be successful in competing and growing our assets under management and business. If clients and
potential clients decide to use the services of competitors, it could reduce our revenues and growth rate, and if our revenues decrease without a corresponding decline in our expenses, our net income will be reduced. In addition, our asset managers
are not 

21 

Table of Contents

typically the lowest cost provider of asset management services. To the extent that we compete on the basis of price in any of our businesses, we may not be
able to maintain our current fee structure in that business, which could adversely affect our revenues and net income. 

We May Not Be
Able to Continue our Growth 

Our operating revenues increased 68.4% and 36.2% in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2006 and
2005, respectively, while over the same periods our diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 30.9% and 52.4%. There may be any number of factors that reduce our growth rate, potentially including the acquisition and
integration of the CAM business. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to grow our business, or that our asset managers will be able to maintain their investment or operating performance, at historical levels or at
currently anticipated levels. 

If We Are Unable to Maintain our Fee Levels, It Could Reduce our Revenues and Margins

Our profit margins and net income are dependent in part on our ability to maintain current fee levels for the products and services
that our asset managers offer. There has been a trend toward lower fees in some segments of the asset management industry, and no assurances can be given that we will be able to maintain our current fee structure. Competition could lead to our asset
managers reducing the fees that they charge their clients for products and services. See “Competition in the Asset Management Industry Could Reduce our Revenues and Net Income.” In addition, our asset managers may be required to reduce
their fee levels, or restructure the fees they charge, because of, among other things, regulatory initiatives or proceedings that are either industry-wide or specifically targeted or court decisions. For example, several firms in the mutual fund
business have agreed to reduce the management fees that they charge registered mutual funds as part of regulatory settlements. A reduction or other change in the fees that our asset managers charge for their products and services could reduce our
revenues and net income. See “Item 1. Business — Regulation.” 

We May Engage in Strategic Transactions That Could
Create Risks 

As part of our business strategy, we regularly review, and from time to time have discussions with respect to
potential strategic transactions, including potential acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, joint ventures or similar transactions, some of which may be material. There can be no assurance that we will find suitable candidates for strategic
transactions at acceptable prices, have sufficient capital resources to accomplish our strategy, or be successful in entering into agreements for desired transactions. In addition, these transactions, including our recent acquisitions of the CAM
business and Permal, typically involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including: 

•

adverse effects on our reported earnings per share in the event acquired intangible assets or goodwill become impaired; 

•

existence of unknown liabilities or contingencies that arise after closing; and 

•

potential disputes with counterparties. 

Acquisitions,
including our recently completed acquisitions, also pose the risk that any business we acquire may lose customers or employees or could under-perform relative to expectations. We could also experience financial or other setbacks if transactions
encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to execution or integration. Following the completion of an acquisition, we may have to rely on the seller to provide administrative and other support, including financial reporting and
internal controls, to the acquired business for a period of time. There can be no assurance that the seller will do so in a manner that is acceptable to us. 

Strategic transactions typically are announced publicly even though they may remain subject to numerous closing conditions, contingencies and approvals and there is no assurance that any announced transaction will
actually be consummated. The failure to consummate an announced transaction could have an adverse effect on us. Future transactions may also further increase our leverage or, if we issue equity securities to pay for acquisitions, dilute the holdings
of our existing stockholders. 

22 

Table of Contents

Regulatory Matters May Negatively Affect our Business and Results of Operations 

Our business is subject to regulation by various regulatory authorities that are charged with protecting the interests of our clients. See “Item
1. Business — Regulation.” We could be subject to civil liability, criminal liability, or sanction, including revocation of our subsidiaries’ registrations as investment advisers, revocation of the licenses of our employees, censures,
fines, or temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business, if we violate such laws or regulations. Any such liability or sanction could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and business
prospects. In addition, the regulatory environment in which we operate frequently changes and has seen significant increased regulation in recent years. We may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations or by
changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations. Our business and results of operations can also be adversely affected by Federal, state and foreign regulatory issues and proceedings. 

Our broker-dealer subsidiaries and many of our foreign subsidiaries are subject to net capital rules and requirements, which mandate that they maintain
certain levels of capital. A significant operating loss or extraordinary charge against net capital may adversely affect the ability of these subsidiaries to expand or even maintain their present levels of business. 

Financial scandals have led to insecurity and uncertainty in the financial markets. In response to these scandals, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
effected significant changes to corporate governance, accounting requirements and corporate reporting. This law generally applies to all companies, including us, with equity or debt securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. We have taken numerous actions, and incurred substantial expenses, over the last several years to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, related regulations promulgated by the SEC and other corporate governance requirements of the NYSE.

If our Reputation Is Harmed, We Could Suffer Losses In our Business, Revenues and Net Income 

Our business depends on earning and maintaining the trust and confidence of clients and other market participants, and the resulting good reputation is
critical to our business. Our reputation is vulnerable to many threats that can be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or impossible to remediate. Regulatory inquiries, employee misconduct and rumors, among other things, can substantially
damage our reputation, even if they are baseless or satisfactorily addressed. Any damage to our reputation could impede our ability to attract and retain clients and key personnel, and lead to a reduction in the amount of our assets under
management, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and net income. 

Failure to Properly Address Conflicts
of Interest Could Harm our Reputation, Business and Results of Operations 

As we have expanded the scope of our businesses and our
client base, we must continue to address conflicts between our interests and those of our clients. In addition, the SEC and other regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest. We have procedures and controls that are
reasonably designed to address these issues. However, appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest, we could face reputational damage,
litigation or regulatory proceedings or penalties, any of which may adversely affect our revenues or net income. 

Our Business
Involves Risks of Being Engaged in Litigation and Liability Which Could Increase our Expenses and Reduce our Net Income 

Many
aspects of our business involve substantial risks of liability. In the normal course of business, our asset managers have been named as defendants or co-defendants in lawsuits seeking substantial damages. We are also involved from time to time in
governmental and self-regulatory agency investigations and proceedings. Similarly, the investment funds that our asset managers manage are subject to lawsuits and governmental and self-regulatory investigations and proceedings, any of which could
harm the investment returns or reputation of the applicable fund 

23 

Table of Contents

or result in our asset managers being liable to the funds for any resulting damages. There has been an increased incidence of litigation and regulatory
investigations in the asset management industry in recent years, including customer claims as well as class action suits seeking substantial damages. In our strategic transaction with Citigroup, we transferred to Citigroup the subsidiaries that
constituted our private client and capital markets businesses, thus transferring the entities that would have primary liability for a majority of the client complaint, litigation and regulatory liabilities and proceedings arising from those
businesses. However, as part of that transaction, we agreed to indemnify Citigroup for most pre-closing legal matters of these businesses. Similarly, although we acquired from Citigroup the companies that would have primary liability for certain
pre-closing legal matters arising from the CAM business, Citigroup has agreed to indemnify us for most pre-closing legal matters of the CAM business. There can be no assurances that Citigroup will, or will be able to, meet its indemnification
obligations. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings.” 

Insurance May Not Be Available on a Cost Effective Basis to Protect us
From Liability 

We face the inherent risk of liability related to litigation from clients or third party vendors and actions taken
by regulatory agencies. To help protect against these potential liabilities, we purchase insurance in amounts, and against risks, that we consider appropriate. There can be no assurance, however, that a claim or claims will be covered by insurance
or, if covered, will not exceed the limits of available insurance coverage, that any insurer will remain solvent and will meet its obligations to provide us with coverage or that insurance coverage will continue to be available with sufficient
limits at a reasonable cost. Over the last several years, insurance expenses have increased significantly and we expect further increases to be significant going forward. In addition, certain insurance coverage may not be available or may only be
available at prohibitive costs. Renewals of insurance policies may expose us to additional costs through higher premiums or the assumption of higher deductibles or co-insurance liability. 

Failure to Comply With Contractual Requirements or Guidelines Could Result in Liability and Loss Of Assets Under Management, Both of Which Could
Cause our Net Income to Decline 

The asset management contracts under which we manage client assets, including contracts with
investment funds, often specify guidelines or contractual requirements that we are obligated to observe in providing asset management services. A failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could result in damage to our reputation,
liability to the client or the client reducing its assets under our management, any of which could cause our revenues and net income to decline. 

Loss of Key Personnel Could Harm our Business 

We are dependent on the continued services of our management team,
including our Chief Executive Officer, and a number of our key asset management personnel. The loss of any of such personnel without adequate replacement could have a material adverse effect on us. Moreover, since certain of our asset managers
contribute significantly to our revenues and net income, the loss of even a small number of key personnel at these businesses could have a disproportionate impact on our overall business. Additionally, we need qualified managers and skilled
employees with asset management experience in order to operate our business successfully. The market for experienced asset management professionals is extremely competitive and is increasingly characterized by the movement of employees among
different firms. Due to the competitive market for asset management professionals and the success of some of our employees, our costs to attract and retain key employees are significant and will likely increase over time. From time to time we may
work with key employees to revise revenue sharing and other employment-related terms to reflect current circumstances. In addition, since many of the individual employees at our asset managers often maintain a strong, personal relationship with
their clients that is based on the clients’ trust in the employee, the departure of one or more of these employees could cause the business to lose client accounts, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals or our costs to do so increase significantly, our operations and financial results would be materially adversely affected. 

24 

Table of Contents

Our Business is Subject to Numerous Operational Risks 

We must be able to consistently and reliably obtain securities pricing information, process client and investor transactions and provide reports and other
customer service to our clients and investors. Any failure to keep current and accurate books and records can render us liable to disciplinary action by governmental and self-regulatory authorities, as well as to claims by our clients. If any of our
financial, portfolio accounting or other data processing systems do not operate properly or are disabled or if there are other shortcomings or failures in our internal processes, people or systems, we could suffer an impairment to our liquidity, a
financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory problems or damage to our reputation. These systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our
control, including a disruption of electrical or communications services or our inability to occupy one or more of our buildings. In addition, our operations are dependent upon information from, and communications with, third parties, and
operational problems at third parties may adversely affect our ability to carry on our business. 

Our operations rely on the secure
processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks
may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other malicious code, and other events that have a security impact. If one or more of such events occur, it potentially could jeopardize our or our clients’ or counterparties’
confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients’, our counterparties’ or third parties’
operations. We may be required to spend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either
not insured against fully or not fully covered through any insurance that we maintain. 

We depend on our headquarters, the headquarters of
our subsidiaries and our operations centers for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our asset managers, or an event disrupting the ability of our employees to perform their job
functions, including a disruption involving electrical communications, transportation or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, directly affecting our headquarters, the headquarters of our subsidiaries or our
operations centers may have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Although we have disaster recovery programs in place, there can be no assurance that these will be sufficient to mitigate
the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses. 

Potential Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets Could Increase Our Expenses and Reduce our Assets 

At March 31, 2006, we had intangible assets of $4.5 billion and goodwill of $2.3 billion. Determining goodwill and intangible assets, and evaluating them for impairment, requires significant management estimates
and judgment, including estimating value and assessing life in connection with the allocation of purchase price in the acquisition creating them. Our goodwill and intangible assets may become impaired as a result of any number of factors, including
losses of investment management contracts or declines in the value of managed assets. Any impairment of goodwill or intangibles could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Intangible Assets and Goodwill.” 

25 

Table of Contents

Our Leverage May Affect our Business and May Restrict our Operating Results 

At March 31, 2006, on a consolidated basis, we had approximately $1.2 billion in total indebtedness and total equity of $5.9 billion, and our
intangible assets exceeded our stockholders’ equity by $947.0 million. In addition, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future and, in this regard, have several available credit facilities that are not currently being utilized. The
level of our indebtedness could: 

•

limit cash flow available for general corporate purposes due to the ongoing cash flow requirements for debt service; 

•

limit our ability to obtain additional debt financing in the future or to borrow under our existing credit facilities (most of which require that (i) our ratio of total debt to
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization not exceed 2.5 to 1 and (ii) our ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to total cash interest payments on all debt exceeds 4 to 1);

•

limit our flexibility in reacting to competitive and other changes in the industry and economic conditions generally; 

•

subject us to covenants that limit our flexibility; and 

•

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments of principal of, to pay interest on, or to refinance, our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be
affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, business and other factors beyond our control. 

Performance-Based Fee Arrangements May Increase the Volatility of our Revenues 

A portion of our investment advisory
and related fee revenues is derived from performance fees. Our asset managers earn performance fees under certain client agreements if the investment performance in the portfolio meets or exceeds a specified benchmark. If the investment performance
does not meet or exceed the investment return benchmark for a particular period, the asset manager will not generate a performance fee for that period and, if the benchmark is based on cumulative returns, the asset managers’ ability to earn
performance fees in future periods may be impaired. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, $101.6 million, $48.9 million and $41.5 million, respectively, of our $2.2 billion, $1.3 billion and $922.1 million in investment
advisory revenues from continuing operations were performance fees. Performance fees may become more common in our industry. An increase in performance-based fee arrangements with our clients could create greater fluctuations in our revenues.

We Are Exposed to a Number of Risks Arising From our International Operations 

Our asset managers operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the United States on behalf of international clients. We have offices in numerous
countries and many proprietary funds that are domiciled outside the United States. The acquisitions of CAM and Permal substantially increased our international business and operations. Our international operations require us to comply with the legal
requirements of foreign jurisdictions, expose us to the political consequences of operating in foreign jurisdictions and subject us to expropriation risks, expatriation controls and potential adverse tax consequences which, among other things, make
it more difficult to expatriate to the United States the cash that we generate outside the U.S. Our foreign business operations are also subject to the following risks: 

•

difficulty in managing, operating and marketing our international operations; 

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates which may result in substantial negative effects on assets under management and revenues; and 

•

significant adverse changes in foreign legal and regulatory environments. 

We Rely on Third Parties to Distribute our Mutual Funds and Certain Other Products 

In the
transaction in which we acquired the CAM business, we transferred our retail securities brokerage and capital markets businesses to Citigroup. Prior to the closing of the transaction, our retail securities brokerage business 

26 

Table of Contents

had been the primary retail distributor of the Legg Mason Funds and both our retail brokerage and our capital markets businesses had distributed a number of
our other asset management products and services. As a result of the transaction, we must utilize third party distributors for many of our asset management products and services, which may expose us to risks resulting from the fact that we do not
control the distributors. For example, we must compensate the distributors for selling our products and services in amounts that are agreed between them and us but which, in many cases, are largely determined by the distributor. In addition, these
distributors generally offer their clients various investment products and services, including proprietary products and services, in addition to and in competition with our products and services. 

Pursuant to a Global Distribution Agreement we entered with Citigroup, Citigroup has agreed to distribute certain of our asset management products and
services, including the Legg Mason Funds and CAM’s products and services, through its various distribution businesses, and we have agreed that, subject to a few exceptions, Citigroup’s retail securities brokerage will be the exclusive
retail distributor of the Legg Mason Funds that are managed by Legg Mason Capital Management for a period of up to three years. The CAM business has historically relied upon Citigroup’s distribution businesses to be the primary distributor of
its products and services, and we expect this reliance to continue for some time despite the fact that CAM is no longer under common ownership with the distributors. While the Citigroup and other distributors are compensated for distributing our
products and services, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in distributing the Legg Mason Funds and our other products and services, including those managed or offered by CAM, through Citigroup’s distributors, that we will be
successful in distributing our products and services through other third party distributors, or that the transfer of our retail securities brokerage and capital markets businesses will not have an adverse effect on our ability to distribute, or the
costs of distributing, our products and services. If we are unable to distribute our products and services successfully, it will adversely affect our revenues and net income, and any increase in distribution related expenses could adversely affect
our net income. 

Distribution fees paid to mutual fund distributors in accordance with Rule 12b-1 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 (“Rule 12b-1”) are a critical element in the distribution of a number of the mutual funds that we manage. There have been suggestions from regulatory agencies and other industry participants that Rule 12b-1 distribution fees in
the mutual fund industry should be reconsidered and, potentially, reduced or eliminated. We believe that distribution related fees paid to financial advisors will remain a key element in the mutual fund industry. However, an industry-wide reduction
or restructuring of Rule 12b-1 distribution fees could have a material adverse effect on our ability to distribute certain of the mutual funds we sponsor and, potentially, on our revenues and net income. 

The Acquisition of the CAM Business Has Created a Number of Risks 

Strategic transactions, like the acquisition of CAM, create numerous uncertainties and risks. CAM is transitioning from being a unit of Citigroup to being
a part of Legg Mason, which entails many changes, including changes in senior management and in administrative and other support. We also intend to integrate, and have begun integrating, portions of CAM’s business, including substantially all
of its fixed income business, into certain of our other asset managers. These transition activities are complex, and we may encounter expected or unexpected difficulties, or incur expected or unexpected costs, in any of them. If we are unable to
retain the key asset management personnel of CAM, because of any of these transitions or for any other reasons, it could have an adverse impact on CAM’s business. Similarly, if CAM is unable to retain its existing, and to acquire new, client
relationships as a result of any of the uncertainties discussed above or for any other reasons, it could have an adverse impact on CAM’s business. In addition, there can be no assurances that CAM will perform, financially or otherwise, in the
future as well as we expect, or that we will be able to achieve the cost savings we expect from the CAM acquisition. Any of these risks could reduce our revenues or increase our costs, and thus could adversely affect our net income. 

Because we transferred our securities brokerage and capital markets businesses in the Citigroup transaction, our sole business is now asset management.
As a result, we may be more affected by trends and issues affecting the asset management business, such as industry-wide regulatory issues and inquiries, publicity about, and public perceptions of the industry and asset management industry market
cycles. 

27 

Table of Contents

The Acquisition of Permal has Created a Number of Risks 

Through our acquisition of Permal, we have entered into the international funds-of-hedge funds business, a portion of the asset management business in
which we had not previously been engaged. The funds-of-hedge funds business and Permal have both grown rapidly over the last several years, and no assurances can be given that this growth will continue or these growth rates will be maintained. The
funds-of-hedge funds business typically involves clients being charged fees on two levels — at the funds-of-funds level and at the underlying funds level. In addition, as is typical in hedge funds, a performance fee equal to a percentage of any
asset growth may be charged at the funds-of-funds level. There is no assurance that this fee structure will continue to be acceptable to investors, that Permal will not be forced to change this fee structure by competitive or other pressures or that
this fee structure will not hamper growth at Permal. In addition, because of the performance fee component, Permal is likely to generate significant performance fees from time to time. See “Performance-Based Fee Arrangements May Increase the
Volatility of our Revenues.” Because Permal operates in the funds-of-hedge funds business globally, it is exposed to a number of regulatory authorities in different jurisdictions, many of which differ from the regulatory regimes governing other
asset managers in those jurisdictions.