An investment in our common stock or debt
securities involves risks and uncertainties. While we attempt to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business to the extent practical under the circumstances, some level of risk and uncertainty will always be present. You should consider the
following factors carefully, in addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase our securities. 

Our existing
U.S. Government contracts are subject to continued appropriations by Congress and may be terminated or delayed if future funding is not made available. Reduced funding for defense procurement and research and development programs could result in
terminated or delayed contracts and adversely affect our ability to grow or maintain our sales and profitability. 

We rely heavily upon
sales to the U.S. Government including both DoD and non-DoD agencies, obtaining 84% of our sales from U.S. Government customers in 2007. Future sales from orders placed under our existing U.S. Government contracts are conditioned upon the continuing
availability of Congressional appropriations. Congress usually appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis even though contract performance may extend over many years. 

We and other U.S. defense contractors have benefited from an upward trend in overall U.S. defense spending in the last few years. This trend continued with the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2009,
which reflects the continued commitment to modernize the Armed Forces and sustain current capabilities while prosecuting the war on terrorism. 

Although the ultimate size of future defense budgets remains uncertain, current indications are that overall defense spending will continue to increase over the next few years, albeit at lower rates of growth. However, DoD programs in which
we participate, or in which we may seek to participate in the future, must compete with other programs for consideration during our nation’s budget formulation and appropriation processes. Budget decisions made in this environment may have
long-term consequences for our size and structure and that of the defense industry. While we believe that our programs are a high priority for national defense, there remains the possibility that one or more of our programs will be reduced,
extended, or terminated. Reductions in our existing programs, unless offset by other programs and opportunities, could adversely affect our ability to grow our sales and profitability. 

We provide a wide range of defense, homeland security and information technology products and services to the U.S. Government. While we believe that this
diversity makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term impact on us, termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. In
addition, termination of large programs or multiple contracts affecting a particular business site could require us to evaluate the continued viability of operating that site. 

Changes in military strategy and planning may affect future procurement priorities and existing programs. 

We cannot predict whether potential changes in defense priorities will afford new or additional opportunities for our businesses in terms of existing, follow-on or replacement programs, or whether we would have to close existing
manufacturing facilities or incur expenses beyond those that would be reimbursed if one or more of our existing contracts were terminated for convenience due to lack of funding. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis – Industry
Considerations” beginning on page 33 of this report. 

We are continuing to invest in business opportunities where we can use our
customer knowledge, technical strength and systems integration capabilities to win new business. Whether we are successful in continuing to grow sales and profits will depend, in large measure, on whether we are able to deliver the best value
solutions for our customer. 

As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to a number of procurement rules and regulations. 

We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts.
Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and, in some instances, impose added costs on our business. A violation of specific laws and regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties or
the termination of our contracts or debarment from bidding on contracts. 

In some instances, these laws and regulations impose terms or
rights that are more favorable to the government than those typically available to commercial parties in negotiated transactions. For example, the U.S. Government may terminate any of our government contracts and, in general, subcontracts, at its
convenience, as well as for default based on performance. Upon termination for convenience of a fixed-price type contract, we normally are entitled to receive the 

18 

Table of Contents

purchase price for delivered items, reimbursement for allowable costs for work-in-process and an allowance for profit on the contract or adjustment for loss
if completion of performance would have resulted in a loss. Upon termination for convenience of a cost reimbursement contract, we normally are entitled to reimbursement of allowable costs plus a portion of the fee. Such allowable costs would include
our cost to terminate agreements with our suppliers and subcontractors. The amount of the fee recovered, if any, is related to the portion of the work accomplished prior to termination and is determined by negotiation. 

A termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability and have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts
and orders. In addition, on those contracts for which we are teamed with others and are not the prime contractor, the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, irrespective of the quality of our services as
a subcontractor. 

In addition, our U.S. Government contracts typically span one or more base years and multiple option years. The U.S.
Government generally has the right to not exercise option periods and may not exercise an option period if the agency is not satisfied with our performance on the contract. 

Our business could be adversely affected by a negative audit by the U.S. Government. 

U.S.
Government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and various agency Inspectors General, routinely audit and investigate government contractors. These agencies review a contractor’s performance under its contracts, cost structure
and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. The U.S. Government also reviews the adequacy of, and a contractor’s compliance with, its internal control systems and policies, including the contractor’s management,
purchasing, property, estimating, compensation, accounting and information systems. Any costs found to be misclassified may be nonreimbursed, while such costs already reimbursed may be subject to repayment. If an audit or investigation uncovers
improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing
business with the U.S. Government. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us. 

The
nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by indemnity or insurance. 

Elements of our
business provide products and services where insurance or indemnification may not be available, including: 

•

 Designing, developing, integrating, producing, sustaining and supporting products using advanced and unproven technologies 

•

 Designing, developing, integrating, producing, sustaining and supporting products with explosive or other inherently dangerous components

•

 Designing, developing, integrating, producing, sustaining and supporting large systems such as spacecraft, satellites, intelligence systems and homeland security
applications that operate primarily in extreme, high demand or high risk conditions 

•

 Deployment of employees in countries with unstable or competing governments; areas subject to peacekeeping or humanitarian missions; areas of armed conflict, at
military installations or accompanying armed forces in the field 

•

 Training others to operate or repair advanced technology products or provide security or other homeland security-related services 

•

 Designing, developing, integrating, producing, sustaining and supporting products for the purpose of collecting, archiving, retrieving, fusing, distributing and
analyzing various types of information. 

Failure of these products and services could result in extensive loss of life or
property damage. Sometimes these products and services are controversial and our role in providing these products and services could subject us to criticism or harm our reputation. Certain products and services may raise questions with respect to
issues of civil liberties, intellectual property, trespass, conversion and similar concepts. The legal obligations of those working with developing technologies and the resulting products and services may raise issues of first impression and the
legal decisions that do deal with these questions may differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction on a global basis. 

Although indemnification
by the U.S. Government to cover potential claims or liabilities resulting from a failure of technologies developed and deployed may be available in some instances for our defense businesses, U.S. Government indemnification may not be available for
homeland security purposes. In addition, there are some instances where the U.S. 

19 

Table of Contents

Government could provide indemnification under applicable law, but elects not to do so. While we maintain insurance for some business risks, it is not
possible to obtain coverage to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. We generally seek, and in certain cases have obtained, limitation of such potential liabilities related to the sale and use of our homeland security products and
services through qualification by the Department of Homeland Security under the SAFETY Act provisions of the Homeland Security Act of 2002. SAFETY Act qualification is less useful in mitigating potential liability for international applications of
our homeland security products and services. Where we are unable to secure indemnification or qualification under the SAFETY Act or choose not to do so, we may nevertheless elect to provide the product or service when we think the related risks are
manageable or when emergency conditions relative to national security make qualification impracticable. Our assumptions or judgment may prove to be inaccurate. 

Substantial claims resulting from an accident, failure of our product or service, other incident or liability arising from our products and services in excess of any indemnity and our insurance coverage (or for which
indemnity or insurance is not available or was not obtained) could harm our financial condition, cash flows and operating results. Any accident, failure, incident or liability, even if fully indemnified or insured, could negatively affect our
reputation among our customers and the public, thereby making it more difficult for us to compete effectively, and could significantly impact the cost and availability of adequate insurance in the future. 

Our earnings and margins may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs. 

At December 31, 2007, our backlog included both cost reimbursable and fixed-price contracts. Cost reimbursable contracts generally have lower profit margins than fixed-price contracts. Production contracts are
mainly fixed-price contracts, and developmental contracts are generally cost reimbursable contracts. Our earnings and margins may vary materially depending on the types of long-term government contracts undertaken, the nature of the products
produced or services performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award
fee contracts, is finally determined. 

Under fixed-price contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur and,
consequently, any costs in excess of the fixed price are absorbed by us. Under time and materials contracts, we are paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and for certain expenses. Under cost reimbursable contracts, subject to a
contract-ceiling amount in certain cases, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and paid a fee, which may be fixed or performance based. However, if our costs exceed the contract ceiling or are not allowable under the provisions of the contract or
applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all such costs and may have our fees reduced or eliminated. The failure to perform to customer expectations and contract requirements can result in reduced fees and may affect
our financial performance for the affected period. Under each type of contract, if we are unable to control costs we incur in performing under the contract, our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. Cost
over-runs or the failure to perform on existing programs also may adversely affect our ability to sustain existing programs and obtain future contract awards. 

If our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations, our prime contract performance and our ability to obtain future business could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Many of our contracts involve subcontracts with other companies upon which we rely to perform a portion of the services that we must provide to our
customers. There is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, the workshare provided to the subcontractor, customer concerns about the
subcontract, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, or our hiring of the personnel of a subcontractor or vice versa. A failure by one or more of our subcontractors to satisfactorily provide on a
timely basis the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services may materially and adversely impact our ability to perform our obligations as the prime contractor. Subcontractor performance deficiencies could result in a customer
terminating our contract for default. A default termination could expose us to liability and have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In addition, a delay in our ability to obtain components and
equipment parts from our suppliers may affect our ability to meet our customers’ needs and may have an adverse effect upon our profitability. 

We
use estimates in accounting for many of our programs. Changes in our estimates could affect our future financial results. 

Contract
accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract sales and costs, and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total 

20 

Table of Contents

sales and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. For example, assumptions have to be made regarding the length of time to complete
the contract because costs also include expected increases in wages and prices for materials. Similarly, assumptions have to be made regarding the future impacts of efficiency initiatives and cost reduction efforts. Incentives or penalties related
to performance on contracts are considered in estimating sales and profit rates, and are recorded when there is sufficient information for us to assess anticipated performance. Estimates of award and incentive fees are also used in estimating sales
and profit rates based on actual and anticipated awards. 

Because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes described
above, it is likely that materially different amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect future
period financial performance. For additional information on accounting policies and internal controls we have in place for recognizing sales and profits, see our discussion under Management’s Discussion and Analysis – “Critical
Accounting Policies – Contract Accounting/ Revenue Recognition” beginning on page 37 and “Controls and Procedures” beginning on page 57, and Note 1 – Significant Accounting Policies beginning on page 66 of this Form 10-K.

New accounting standards could result in changes to our methods of quantifying and recording accounting transactions, and could affect our financial
results and financial position. 

Changes to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) arise from new and revised standards,
interpretations and other guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and others. In addition, the U.S. Government may issue new or revised Cost Accounting Standards or Cost Principles. The effects of such changes may
include prescribing an accounting method where none had been previously specified, prescribing a single acceptable method of accounting from among several acceptable methods that currently exist, or revoking the acceptability of a current method and
replacing it with an entirely different method, among others. Such changes could result in unanticipated effects on our results of operations, financial position and other financial measures. 

The level of returns on pension and postretirement plan assets, changes in interest rates and other factors could affect our earnings in future periods.

Our earnings may be positively or negatively impacted by the amount of expense we record for our employee benefit plans. This is
particularly true with expense for our pension plans. GAAP requires that we calculate expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations are based on assumptions that we make relating to financial market and other economic
conditions. Changes in key economic indicators can result in changes in the assumptions we use. The key year-end assumptions used to estimate pension expense for the following year are the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets and the rate of increase in future compensation levels. Our pension expense can also be affected by legislation and other government regulatory actions. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension plan
accounting policies, see Management’s Discussion and Analysis – “Critical Accounting Policies – Postretirement Benefit Plans” beginning on page 38 of this Form 10-K. 

International sales and suppliers may pose potentially greater risks. 

Our international business may pose greater risks than our domestic business due to the greater potential for changes in foreign economic and political environments. In return, these greater risks are often
accompanied by the potential to earn higher profits than from our domestic business. Our international business is also highly sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities and government budgets. Sales of military products are affected by
defense budgets (both in the U.S. and abroad) and U.S. foreign policy. 

Sales of our products and services internationally are subject to
U.S. and local government regulations and procurement policies and practices including regulations relating to import-export control. Violations of export control rules could result in suspension of our ability to export items from one or more
business units or the entire corporation. Depending on the scope of the suspension, this could have a material effect on our ability to perform certain international contracts. There are also U.S. and international regulations relating to
investments, exchange controls and repatriation of earnings, as well as varying currency, political and economic risks. Our contracts, however, generally are denominated in U.S. dollars. We also frequently team with international subcontractors and
suppliers, and are exposed to similar risks. 

In international sales, we face substantial competition from both domestic manufacturers and
foreign manufacturers, whose governments sometimes provide research and development assistance, marketing subsidies and other assistance for their products. 

21 

Table of Contents

Some international customers require contractors to comply with industrial cooperation regulations and
enter into industrial participation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements. Offset agreements may require in-country purchases, manufacturing and financial support projects as a condition to obtaining orders or other arrangements.
Offset agreements generally extend over several years and may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with offset requirements. See “Contractual Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements” in
Management’s Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 54 of this Form 10-K. 

If we fail to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other
transactions successfully, our financial results, business and future prospects could be harmed. 

In pursuing our business strategy, we
routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible investments, acquisitions, joint ventures and divestitures. As part of our business strategy, we seek to identify acquisition opportunities that will expand
or complement our existing products and services, or customer base, at attractive valuations. We often compete with others for the same opportunities. To be successful, we must conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss
contingencies, negotiate transaction terms, complete and close complex transactions and manage post-closing matters (e.g., integrate acquired companies and employees, realize anticipated operating synergies and improve margins) efficiently
and effectively. Investment, acquisition, joint venture and divestiture transactions often require substantial management resources and have the potential to divert our attention from our existing business. 

If we are not successful in identifying and closing these transactions, we may not be able to maintain a competitive leadership position or may be
required to expend additional resources to develop capabilities internally in certain segments. In evaluating transactions, we are required to make valuation assumptions and exercise judgment regarding business opportunities and potential
liabilities. Our assumptions or judgment may prove to be inaccurate. Our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the material issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction. Future
acquisitions might require that we issue stock or incur indebtedness. This could dilute returns to existing stockholders, or adversely affect our credit rating or future financial performance. We also may incur unanticipated costs or expenses,
including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation and other liabilities. While we believe that we have established appropriate procedures and processes to mitigate many of these
risks, there is no assurance that our integration efforts and business acquisition strategy will be successful. 

Divestitures may result in
continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, for a period of time following the transaction. Nonperformance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial
results. 

Joint ventures operate under shared control with other parties. Under the equity method of accounting, we recognize our share of
the operating results of these ventures in our results of operations, and therefore our operating results can be affected by the performance of businesses over which we do not exercise unilateral control. 

Business disruptions could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses. 

Our business may be impacted by disruptions including, but not limited to, threats to physical security, information technology attacks or failures,
damaging weather or other acts of nature and pandemics or other public health crises. Such disruptions could affect our internal operations or services provided to customers, and could impact our sales, increase our expenses or adversely affect our
reputation or our stock price. 

Unforeseen environmental costs could impact our future earnings. 

Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental protection laws and regulations. We are
involved in environmental responses at some of our facilities and former facilities, and at third-party sites not owned by us where we have been designated a potentially responsible party by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or by a state
agency. In addition, we could be affected by future regulations imposed in response to concerns over climate change and other actions commonly referred to as “green initiatives.” We are currently developing a comprehensive program to
reduce our impact on the environment. 

We manage various government-owned facilities on behalf of the government. At such facilities,
environmental compliance and remediation costs have historically been the responsibility of the government and we relied (and continue to rely with respect to past practices) upon government funding to pay such costs. While the government remains
responsible for capital and operating costs associated with environmental compliance, responsibility for fines and penalties associated with environmental noncompliance are typically borne by either the government or the contractor, depending on the
contract and the relevant facts. 

22 

Table of Contents

Most of the laws governing environmental matters include criminal provisions. If we were convicted of a
violation of the Federal Clean Air Act or the Clean Water Act, our facility or facilities involved in the violation would be placed by EPA on the “Excluded Parties List” maintained by the General Services Administration. The listing would
continue until the EPA concluded that the cause of the violation had been cured. Listed facilities cannot be used in performing any U.S. Government contract awarded to us during any period of listing by the EPA. 

We have incurred and will likely continue to incur liabilities under various federal and state statutes for the cleanup of pollutants previously released
into the environment. The extent of our financial exposure cannot in all cases be reasonably estimated at this time. Among the variables management must assess in evaluating costs associated with these cases and remediation sites generally are
changing cost estimates, continually evolving governmental environmental standards and cost allowability issues. For information regarding these matters, including current estimates of the amounts that we believe are required for remediation or
cleanup to the extent estimable, see “Environmental Matters” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 39 and Note 14 – Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies beginning on page 89 of this
Form 10-K. 

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability.

Our business operates in many locations under government jurisdictions that impose income taxes. Changes in domestic or foreign income
tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result in higher or lower income tax rates assessed or changes in the taxability of certain revenues or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and
profitability. In addition, audits by income tax authorities could result in unanticipated increases in our income tax expense. 

We are involved in a
number of legal proceedings. We cannot predict the outcome of litigation and other contingencies with certainty. 

Our business may be
adversely affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies (including environmental remediation costs) that cannot be predicted with certainty. As required by GAAP in the U.S., we estimate material loss contingencies and
establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings
may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements. For a description of our current legal proceedings, see Item 3 – Legal Proceedings
beginning on page 25 and Note 14 – Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies beginning on page 87 of this Form 10-K. 

In order to
be successful, we must attract and retain key employees. 

Our business has a continuing need to attract large numbers of skilled
personnel, including personnel holding security clearances, to support the growth of the enterprise and to replace individuals who have terminated employment due to retirement or for other reasons. To the extent that the demand for qualified
personnel exceeds supply, as has been the case in recent years, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees, or could experience difficulties in performing under our contracts if our
needs for such employees were unmet. 

Historically, where employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various unions, we
have been successful in negotiating renewals to expiring agreements without any material disruption of operating activities. This does not assure, however, that we will be successful in our efforts to negotiate renewals of our existing collective
bargaining agreements when they expire. If we were unsuccessful in those efforts, there is the potential that we could incur unanticipated delays or expenses in the programs affected by any resulting work stoppages. 

Our forward-looking statements and projections may prove to be inaccurate. 

Our actual financial results likely will be different from those projected due to the inherent nature of projections and may be better or worse than projected. Given these uncertainties, you should not rely on
forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We expressly disclaim a duty to provide updates to forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K
to reflect the occurrence of subsequent events, changed circumstances, changes in our expectations, or the estimates and assumptions associated with them. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are intended to be subject to the
safe harbor protection provided by the federal securities laws. 

23 

Table of Contents

In addition, general economic conditions and trends, including interest rates, government budgets and
inflation, can and do affect our businesses. For a discussion identifying additional risk factors and important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, see the preceding
discussion of Risk Factors beginning on page 18, Government Contracts and Regulation beginning on page 16, Management’s Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 32, and Note 1 – Significant Accounting Policies beginning on page 66 of this
Form 10-K. Other factors, in addition to those described, may affect our forward-looking statements or actual results.