An
investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. While we attempt to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business to the extent practical under the circumstances, some level of risk and uncertainty will
always be present. You should consider the following factors carefully, in addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase our securities. 

Our existing U.S. Government contracts are subject to continued appropriations by Congress and may be terminated or delayed if future funding is not made available. Reduced funding for defense procurement and
research and development programs could result in terminated or delayed contracts and adversely affect our ability to grow or maintain our sales and profitability. 

We rely heavily upon sales to the U.S. Government including both DoD and non-DoD agencies, obtaining 84% of our sales from U.S. Government customers in 2008. Future sales from orders placed under our existing U.S.
Government contracts are conditioned upon the continuing availability of Congressional appropriations. Congress usually appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis even though contract performance may extend over many years. 

We and other U.S. defense contractors have benefited from an upward trend in overall U.S. defense spending in the last few years. This trend continued
with the former President’s budget request for fiscal year 2009, which reflected the continued commitment to modernize the Armed Forces and sustain current capabilities while prosecuting the war on terrorism. Future defense budgets and
appropriations for our programs and contracts may be affected by possibly differing priorities of the new Administration, including budgeting constraints stemming from the economic recovery and stimulus plans. 

Although the ultimate size of future defense budgets remains uncertain, current indications are that overall defense spending will continue to increase
over the next few years, albeit at lower rates of growth. However, DoD programs in which we participate, or in which we may seek to participate in the future, must compete with other programs for consideration during our nation’s budget
formulation and appropriation processes, and may be impacted by the changes in general economic conditions. Budget decisions made in this environment may have long-term consequences for our size and structure and that of the defense industry. We
believe that our programs are a high priority for national defense, but there remains the possibility that one or more of our programs will be reduced, extended, or terminated. Reductions in our existing programs, unless offset by other programs and
opportunities, could adversely affect our ability to grow our sales and profitability. In this regard, we are pursuing a strategy in which we seek to expand and complement our existing products and services by moving into adjacent businesses in
which we believe that our core competencies will enable us to successfully compete. We may seek to move into adjacent businesses through investments, acquisitions, joint ventures, or by developing our internal capabilities. If we are not successful
in this effort, we may not be able to grow our sales and profitability at the rates we anticipate or may have deployed financial and management resources sub-optimally. 

We provide a wide range of defense, homeland security and information technology products and services to the U.S. Government. Although we believe that this diversity makes it less likely that cuts in any specific
contract or program will have a long-term effect on us, termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. In addition, termination of large programs or multiple contracts at
a particular business site could require us to evaluate the continued viability of operating that site. 

Changes in global security strategy and
planning may affect future procurement priorities and existing programs. 

We cannot predict whether potential changes in security,
defense, and intelligence priorities will afford new or additional opportunities for our businesses in terms of existing, follow-on or replacement programs, or whether we would have to close existing manufacturing facilities or incur expenses beyond
those that would be reimbursed if one or more of our existing contracts were terminated for convenience due to lack of funding. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis – Industry Considerations” beginning on page 34 of this
report. 

We are continuing to invest in business opportunities where we can use our customer knowledge, technical strength and systems
integration capabilities to win new business. Whether we are successful in continuing to grow sales and profits will depend, in large measure, on whether we are able to deliver the best value solutions for our customer. 

As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to a number of procurement rules and regulations. 

We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts.
Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and, in 

18 

Table of Contents

some instances, impose added costs on our business. A violation of specific laws and regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the
termination of our contracts, or debarment from bidding on contracts. 

In some instances, these laws and regulations impose terms or rights
that are more favorable to the government than those typically available to commercial parties in negotiated transactions. For example, the U.S. Government may terminate any of our government contracts and, in general, subcontracts, at its
convenience, as well as for default based on performance. Upon termination for convenience of a fixed-price type contract, we normally are entitled to receive the purchase price for delivered items, reimbursement for allowable costs for
work-in-process and an allowance for profit on the contract or adjustment for loss if completion of performance would have resulted in a loss. Upon termination for convenience of a cost reimbursement contract, we normally are entitled to
reimbursement of allowable costs plus a portion of the fee. Such allowable costs would include our cost to terminate agreements with our suppliers and subcontractors. The amount of the fee recovered, if any, is related to the portion of the work
accomplished prior to termination and is determined by negotiation. 

A termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability
and have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In addition, on those contracts for which we are teamed with others and are not the prime contractor, the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract
under which we are a subcontractor, irrespective of the quality of our services as a subcontractor. 

In addition, our U.S. Government
contracts typically span one or more base years and multiple option years. The U.S. Government generally has the right to not exercise option periods and may not exercise an option period if the agency is not satisfied with our performance on the
contract. 

Our business could be adversely affected by a negative audit by the U.S. Government. 

U.S. Government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and various agency Inspectors General, routinely audit and investigate government
contractors. These agencies review a contractor’s performance under its contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards. The U.S. Government also reviews the adequacy of, and a contractor’s
compliance with, its internal control systems and policies, including the contractor’s management, purchasing, property, estimating, compensation, accounting, and information systems. Any costs found to be misclassified may be subject to
repayment. If an audit or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines,
and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. Government. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us. 

The nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by indemnity or insurance. 

Elements of our business provide products and services where insurance or indemnification may not be available, including: 

•

 Designing, developing, integrating, producing, sustaining and supporting products using: 

•

 advanced and unproven technologies, 

•

 explosive or other inherently dangerous components, 

•

 systems such as spacecraft, satellites, intelligence systems and homeland security applications that operate in extreme, high demand or high risk conditions;

•

 Designing, developing, integrating, producing, sustaining and supporting products to collect, archive, retrieve, fuse, distribute and analyze various types of
information; 

•

 Deploying employees in countries with unstable or competing governments, in areas subject to peacekeeping or humanitarian missions, in areas of armed conflict, at
military installations, or accompanying armed forces in the field; and 

•

 Training others to operate or repair advanced technology products or provide security or other homeland security-related services. 

Failure of these products and services could result in extensive loss of life or property damage. Sometimes these products and services are controversial
and our role in providing them could subject us to criticism or harm our reputation. Certain products and services may raise questions with respect to issues of civil liberties, intellectual property, trespass, conversion and similar concepts. The
legal obligations of those working with developing technologies and the resulting products and services may raise issues of first impression and the legal decisions that do deal with these questions may differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction on a
global basis. 

19 

Table of Contents

Indemnification by the U.S. Government to cover potential claims or liabilities resulting from a failure
of technologies developed and deployed may be available in some instances for our defense businesses, but may not be available for homeland security purposes. In addition, there are some instances where the U.S. Government could provide
indemnification under applicable law, but elects not to do so. While we maintain insurance for some business risks, it is not possible to obtain coverage to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. We generally seek, and in certain
cases have obtained, limitation of potential liabilities related to the sale and use of our homeland security products and services through qualification by the Department of Homeland Security under the SAFETY Act provisions of the Homeland Security
Act of 2002. SAFETY Act qualification is less useful and may not be available to mitigate potential liability for products and services sold internationally. Where we are unable to secure indemnification or qualification under the SAFETY Act or
choose not to do so, we may nevertheless elect to provide the product or service when we think the related risks are manageable or when emergency conditions relative to national security make qualification impracticable. 

Substantial claims resulting from an accident, failure of our product or service, other incident or liability arising from our products and services in
excess of any indemnity and our insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance is not available or was not obtained) could harm our financial condition, cash flows and operating results. Any accident, even if fully indemnified or insured,
could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. It also could affect the cost and availability of adequate insurance in the future. 

Our earnings and margins may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs. 

Our backlog includes both cost reimbursable and fixed-price contracts. Cost reimbursable contracts generally have lower profit margins than fixed-price contracts. Production contracts mainly are fixed-price contracts,
and developmental contracts generally are cost reimbursable contracts. Our earnings and margins may vary materially depending on the types of long-term government contracts undertaken, the nature of the products produced or services performed under
those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives, and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees is finally determined (particularly under award and incentive fee
contracts). 

Under fixed-price contracts, we receive a fixed price despite the actual costs we incur. We have to absorb any costs in excess
of the fixed price. Under time and materials contracts, we are paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and for certain expenses. Under cost reimbursable contracts, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and paid a fee, which may be fixed or
performance based. However, if our costs exceed the contract target cost or are not allowable under the applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all costs and may have our fees reduced or eliminated. The failure to
perform to customer expectations and contract requirements may result in reduced fees and affect our financial performance in that period. Under each type of contract, if we are unable to control costs, our operating results could be adversely
affected. Cost overruns or the failure to perform on existing programs also may adversely affect our ability to keep existing programs and win future contract awards. 

If our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations, our prime contract performance and our ability to win future business could be harmed. 

Many of our contracts involve subcontracts with other companies upon which we rely to perform a portion of the services that we must provide to our
customers. There is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, the workshare provided to the subcontractor, customer concerns about the
subcontract, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, or our hiring of the personnel of a subcontractor or vice versa. In addition, our subcontractors may be affected by the current economic
environment and constraints on available financing to meet their performance requirements or provide needed supplies on a timely basis. A failure by one or more of our subcontractors to satisfactorily provide on a timely basis the agreed-upon
supplies or perform the agreed-upon services may affect our ability to perform our obligations as the prime contractor. Subcontractor performance deficiencies could result in a customer terminating our contract for default. A default termination
could expose us to liability and affect our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In addition, a delay in obtaining components and parts from our suppliers may affect our ability to meet our customers’ needs and may affect our
profitability. 

We use estimates in accounting for many of our programs. Changes in our estimates may affect future financial results. 

Contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract sales and costs, and making assumptions for schedule and
technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total sales and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. For example, assumptions have to be made 

20 

Table of Contents

regarding the length of time to complete the contract because costs also include expected increases in wages and prices for materials. Similarly, assumptions
have to be made regarding the future impacts of efficiency initiatives and cost reduction efforts. Incentives or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating sales and profit rates, and are recorded when there is
sufficient information for us to assess anticipated performance. Estimates of award and incentive fees are also used in estimating sales and profit rates based on actual and anticipated awards. 

Because judgments and estimates are required, materially different amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying
circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect future period financial performance. For additional information on accounting policies and internal controls we have in place for
recognizing sales and profits, see our discussion under Management’s Discussion and Analysis – “Critical Accounting Policies – Contract Accounting / Revenue Recognition” beginning on page 38 and “Controls and
Procedures” beginning on page 59, and “Sales and earnings” in Note 1 – Significant Accounting Policies on page 68 of this Form 10-K. 

New accounting standards could result in changes to our methods of quantifying and recording accounting transactions, and could affect our financial results and financial position. 

Changes to GAAP arise from new and revised standards, interpretations and other guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and
others. In addition, the U.S. Government may issue new or revised Cost Accounting Standards or Cost Principles. The effects of such changes may include prescribing an accounting method where none had been previously specified, prescribing a single
acceptable method of accounting from among several acceptable methods that currently exist, or revoking the acceptability of a current method and replacing it with an entirely different method, among others. Changes may result in unanticipated
effects on our results of operations or other financial measures. 

The level of returns on postretirement benefit plan assets, changes in interest rates
and other factors could affect our earnings and cash flows in future periods. 

Our earnings may be positively or negatively impacted by
the amount of expense we record for our employee benefit plans. This is particularly true with expense for our pension plans. GAAP requires that we calculate expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations are based on assumptions
that we make relating to financial market and other economic conditions. Changes in key economic indicators can result in changes in the assumptions we use. The key year-end assumptions used to estimate pension expense for the following year are the
discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and the rate of increase in future compensation levels. In 2008, negative asset returns significantly and negatively affected our future benefit plan expense and requirements to
fund the plans. Our benefit plan expense also may be affected by legislation and other government regulatory actions. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements may be affected by benefit plan accounting policies, see Management’s
Discussion and Analysis – “Critical Accounting Policies – Postretirement Benefit Plans” beginning on page 39 and Note 10 – Postretirement Benefit Plans beginning on page 82 of this Form 10-K. 

International sales and suppliers may pose potentially greater risks. 

Our international business may pose greater risks than our domestic business due to the potential for greater volatility in foreign economic and political environments. In return, these greater risks are often
accompanied by the potential to earn higher profits than from our domestic business. Our international business also is highly sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities and government budgets which may be further impacted by global
economic conditions. Sales of military products are affected by defense budgets (both in the U.S. and abroad) and U.S. foreign policy. 

Sales of our products and services internationally are subject to U.S. and local government regulations and procurement policies and practices including regulations relating to import-export control. Violations of export control rules could
result in suspension of our ability to export items from one or more business units or the entire corporation. Depending on the scope of the suspension, this could have a material effect on our ability to perform certain international contracts.
There also are U.S. and international regulations relating to investments, exchange controls and repatriation of earnings, as well as currency, political and economic risks. We also frequently team with international subcontractors and suppliers,
who are exposed to similar risks. 

In international sales, we face substantial competition from both domestic manufacturers and foreign
manufacturers whose governments sometimes provide research and development assistance, marketing subsidies and other assistance for their products. 

21 

Table of Contents

Some international customers require contractors to comply with industrial cooperation regulations and
enter into industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements. Offset agreements may require in-country purchases, manufacturing and financial support projects as a condition to obtaining orders or other arrangements.
Offset agreements generally extend over several years and may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with offset requirements. See “Contractual Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements” in
Management’s Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 55 of this Form 10-K. 

If we fail to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other
transactions successfully, our financial results, business and future prospects could be harmed. 

In pursuing our business strategy, we
routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible investments, acquisitions, joint ventures and divestitures. As part of our business strategy, we seek to identify acquisition opportunities that will expand
or complement our existing products and services, or customer base, at attractive valuations. We often compete with others for the same opportunities. To be successful, we must conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss
contingencies, negotiate transaction terms, complete and close complex transactions and manage post-closing matters (e.g., integrate acquired companies and employees, realize anticipated operating synergies and improve margins) efficiently
and effectively. Investment, acquisition, joint venture and divestiture transactions often require substantial management resources and have the potential to divert our attention from our existing business. 

If we are not successful in identifying and closing these transactions, we may not be able to maintain a competitive leadership position or may be
required to expend additional resources to develop capabilities internally in certain segments. In evaluating transactions, we are required to make valuation assumptions and exercise judgment regarding business opportunities and potential
liabilities. Our assumptions or judgment may prove to be inaccurate. Our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the material issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction,
including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the acquisition target’s previous activities. Future acquisitions, if funded by issuing stock or incurring indebtedness, could dilute returns to existing stockholders, or
adversely affect our credit rating or future financial performance. We also may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation and other
liabilities. We believe that we have established appropriate procedures and processes to mitigate many of these risks, but there is no assurance that our integration efforts and business acquisition strategy will be successful. 

Divestitures may result in continued financial involvement through guarantees or other financial arrangements for a period of time following the
transaction. Nonperformance by divested businesses could affect our future financial results. 

Joint ventures operate under shared control
with other parties. Under the equity method of accounting for nonconsolidated joint ventures, we recognize our share of the operating results of these ventures in our results of operations. Our operating results may be affected by the performance of
businesses over which we do not exercise control. 

Business disruptions could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our
costs and expenses. 

Our business may be impacted by disruptions including, but not limited to, threats to physical security,
information technology attacks or failures, damaging weather or other acts of nature and pandemics or other public health crises. Such disruptions could affect our internal operations or services provided to customers, and could impact our sales,
increase our expenses or adversely affect our reputation or our stock price. 

Unforeseen environmental costs could impact our future earnings.

Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental protection laws and
regulations. We are involved in environmental responses at some of our facilities and former facilities, and at third-party sites not owned by us where we have been designated a potentially responsible party by the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) or by a state agency. In addition, we could be affected by future regulations imposed in response to concerns over climate change and other actions commonly referred to as “green initiatives.” We currently are developing a
comprehensive program to reduce the effects of our operations on the environment. 

We manage various government-owned facilities on behalf
of the government. At such facilities, environmental compliance and remediation costs historically have been the responsibility of the government, and we have relied (and continue to rely with respect to past practices) upon government funding to
pay such costs. While the government remains responsible for capital and operating costs associated with environmental compliance, responsibility for fines and penalties associated with environmental noncompliance typically are borne by either the
government or the contractor, depending on the contract and the relevant facts. 

22 

Table of Contents

Most of the laws governing environmental matters include criminal provisions. If we were to be convicted
of a violation of the Federal Clean Air Act or the Clean Water Act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could be placed by the EPA on the “Excluded Parties List” maintained by the General Services Administration. The
listing would continue until the EPA concluded that the cause of the violation had been cured. Listed facilities cannot be used in performing any U.S. Government contract while so listed by the EPA. 

We have incurred and will likely continue to incur liabilities under various federal and state statutes for the cleanup of pollutants previously released
into the environment. The extent of our financial exposure cannot in all cases be reasonably estimated at this time. Among the variables management must assess in evaluating costs associated with these cases and remediation sites generally are the
extent of the contamination, changing cost estimates, evolution of technologies used to remediate the site, and continually evolving governmental environmental standards and cost allowability issues. For information regarding these matters,
including current estimates of the amounts that we believe are required for remediation or cleanup to the extent estimable, see “Critical Accounting Policies – Environmental Matters” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 42 and in Note 13 – Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies on page 90 of this Form 10-K. 

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability. 

Our business operates in many locations under government jurisdictions that impose income taxes. Changes in domestic or foreign income tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result in higher or lower
income tax rates assessed or changes in the taxability of certain revenues or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and profitability. In addition, audits by income tax authorities could result in
unanticipated increases in our income tax expense. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. We cannot predict the outcome of litigation and
other contingencies with certainty. 

Our business may be adversely affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies
(including environmental remediation costs) that cannot be predicted with certainty. As required by GAAP, we estimate material loss contingencies and establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and
reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a
reserve against assets in our financial statements. For a description of our current legal proceedings, see Item 3 – Legal Proceedings beginning on page 25 and Note 13 – Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies beginning on
page 90 of this Form 10-K. 

In order to be successful, we must attract and retain key employees. 

Our business has a continuing need to attract large numbers of skilled personnel, including personnel holding security clearances, to support the growth
of the enterprise and to replace individuals who have terminated employment due to retirement or for other reasons. To the extent that the demand for qualified personnel exceeds supply, as has been the case in recent years, we could experience
higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees, or could experience difficulties in performing under our contracts if our needs for such employees were unmet. 

Historically, where employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various unions, we have been successful in negotiating renewals to
expiring agreements without any material disruption of operating activities. This does not assure, however, that we will be successful in our efforts to negotiate renewals of our existing collective bargaining agreements when they expire. If we were
unsuccessful in those efforts, there is the potential that we could incur unanticipated delays or expenses in the programs affected by any resulting work stoppages. 

Our forward-looking statements and projections may prove to be inaccurate. 

Our actual financial
results likely will be different from those projected due to the inherent nature of projections and may be better or worse than projected. Given these uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements
contained in this Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We expressly disclaim a duty to provide updates to forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K to reflect the occurrence of subsequent events, changed
circumstances, changes in our expectations, or the estimates and assumptions associated with them. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are intended to be subject to the safe harbor protection provided by the federal securities laws.

23 

Table of Contents

In addition, general economic conditions and trends, including interest rates, government budgets and
inflation, can and do affect our businesses. For a discussion identifying additional risk factors and important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, see the preceding
discussion of Government Contracts and Regulation beginning on page 16, Risk Factors beginning on page 18, Management’s Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 33, and Note 1 – Significant Accounting Policies beginning on page 67 of this
Form 10-K. Other factors, in addition to those described, may affect our forward-looking statements or actual results.