An investment in our common stock or
debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. While we attempt to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business to the extent practical under the circumstances, some level of risk and uncertainty will always be present. You should consider
the following factors carefully, in addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase our securities. 

Reduced
funding for defense procurement and research and development programs could adversely affect our ability to grow or maintain our sales and profitability. 

We and other U.S. defense contractors have benefited from an upward trend in overall defense spending in the last few years. The defense investment budget includes funds for weapons procurement and research and
development. The Future Years Defense Plan submitted with the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2008 reflects the continued commitment to modernize the Armed Forces while prosecuting the war on terrorism. The emphasis on modernization
is reflected in proposed sustained growth in the investment accounts. 

Although the ultimate size of future defense budgets remains
uncertain, current indications are that the total defense budget and the investment budget as a component of overall defense spending will increase over the next few years. DoD programs in which we participate, or in which we may seek to participate
in the future, must compete with other programs for consideration during our nation’s budget formulation and appropriation processes. Budget decisions made in this environment may have long-term consequences for our size and structure and that
of the defense industry. While we believe that our programs are a high priority for national defense, there remains the possibility that one or more of our programs will be reduced, extended, or terminated. Reductions in our existing programs,
unless offset by other programs and opportunities, could adversely affect our ability to grow our sales and profitability. 

Military transformation and
planning may affect future procurement priorities and existing programs. 

The DoD is committed to a transformation that will achieve
and maintain advantages through changes in operational concepts, organizational structure and technologies that significantly improve warfighting capabilities. This defense transformation is evidenced by a trend toward smaller, more capable,
interoperable and technologically advanced forces. To achieve these capabilities, a change in acquisition strategy is underway with the DoD moving toward early deployment of initial program capabilities followed by subsequent incremental
improvements, cooperative international development programs and a demonstrated willingness to explore new forms of development, acquisition and support. Along with these trends, new system procurements are being evaluated for the degree to which
they support the concept of jointness and interoperability among the services. 

We cannot predict whether potential changes in priorities
due to defense transformation will afford new or additional opportunities for our businesses in terms of existing, follow-on or replacement programs. Therefore, it is difficult to accurately assess the impact on our business going forward until more
is known, including whether we would have to close existing manufacturing facilities or incur expenses beyond those that would be reimbursed if one or more of our existing contracts were terminated for convenience due to lack of funding. See
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis – Industry Considerations” on pages 33 through 36 of this report. 

18 

Table of Contents

We are continuing to invest in business opportunities where we can use our customer knowledge, technical
strength and systems integration capabilities to win new business. Whether we are successful in continuing to grow sales and profits will depend, in large measure, on whether we are able to deliver the best value solutions for our customer.

Our existing U.S. Government contracts are subject to continued appropriations by Congress and may be terminated if future funding is not made
available. 

We rely heavily upon sales to the U.S. Government including both DoD and non-DoD agencies, obtaining 84% of our sales from
U.S. Government customers in 2006. Future sales from orders placed under our existing U.S. Government contracts are conditioned upon the continuing availability of Congressional appropriations. Congress usually appropriates funds on a fiscal-year
basis even though contract performance may extend over many years. Long-term government contracts and related orders are subject to termination if appropriations for subsequent periods become unavailable. 

We provide a wide range of defense, homeland security and information technology products and services to the U.S. Government. While we believe that this
diversity makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term impact on us, termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. In
addition, termination of large programs or multiple contracts affecting a particular business site could require us to evaluate the continued viability of operating that site. 

As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to a number of procurement rules and regulations. 

We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts. Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and, in
some instances, impose added costs on our business. A violation of specific laws and regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties or the termination of our contracts or debarment from bidding on contracts. 

In some instances, these laws and regulations impose terms or rights that are more favorable to the government than those typically available to
commercial parties in negotiated transactions. For example, the U.S. Government may terminate any of our government contracts and, in general, subcontracts, at its convenience, as well as for default based on performance. Upon termination for
convenience of a fixed-price type contract, we normally are entitled to receive the purchase price for delivered items, reimbursement for allowable costs for work-in-process and an allowance for profit on the contract or adjustment for loss if
completion of performance would have resulted in a loss. Upon termination for convenience of a cost reimbursement contract, we normally are entitled to reimbursement of allowable costs plus a portion of the fee. Such allowable costs would include
our cost to terminate agreements with our suppliers and subcontractors. The amount of the fee recovered, if any, is related to the portion of the work accomplished prior to termination and is determined by negotiation. 

A termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability and have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts
and orders. In addition, on those contracts for which we are teamed with others and are not the prime contractor, the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, irrespective of the quality of our services as
a subcontractor. 

In addition, our U.S. Government contracts typically span one or more base years and multiple option years. The U.S.
Government generally has the right to not exercise option periods and may not exercise an option period if the agency is not satisfied with our performance on the contract. 

Our business could be adversely affected by a negative audit by the U.S. Government. 

U.S.
Government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and various agency Inspectors General, routinely audit and investigate government contractors. These agencies review a contractor’s performance under its contracts, cost structure
and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. The U.S. Government also reviews the adequacy of, and a contractor’s compliance with, its internal control systems and policies, including the contractor’s purchasing,
property, estimating, compensation, accounting and information systems. Any costs found to be misclassified may be nonreimbursed, while such costs already reimbursed may be subject to repayment. If an audit or investigation uncovers improper or
illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the
U.S. Government. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us. 

19 

Table of Contents

Developing and implementing new technologies entails significant risks and uncertainties and may not be covered by
indemnity or insurance. 

Our business consists of designing, developing and manufacturing advanced defense and technology systems and
products. We are often tasked to develop or integrate new technologies that may be untested or unproven. Components of certain of the defense systems and products we develop are explosive or otherwise inherently dangerous. Failures of spacecraft and
satellites, missile systems, command and control systems, software applications, intelligence systems, air-traffic control systems, train-control systems, homeland security applications, nuclear facilities, aircraft or other products or systems have
the potential to cause extensive loss of life and property damage. We may face liabilities related to the maintenance or servicing of aircraft or other platforms or for training services we supply in the course of our business. From time-to-time, we
have employees deployed in developing countries, at military installations or accompanying armed forces in the field. 

Although
indemnification by the U.S. Government may be available in some instances for the risks described, this is not always the case. In some instances where the U.S. Government could provide indemnification under applicable law, it elects not to do so.
While we maintain insurance for some business risks, it is not possible to obtain coverage to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. We generally seek limitation of potential liabilities related to the sale and use of our homeland
security products and services through qualification by the Department of Homeland Security under the SAFETY Act provisions of the Homeland Security Act of 2002. Where we are unable to secure indemnification or qualification under the SAFETY Act or
choose not to do so, we may nevertheless elect to provide the product or service when we think risks are manageable. 

Substantial claims
resulting from an accident, other incident or liability arising from our products and services in excess of any U.S. Government indemnity and our insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance is not available or was not obtained) could
harm our financial condition and operating results. Any accident, incident or liability, even if fully insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public, thereby making it more difficult for us to compete
effectively, and could significantly impact the cost and availability of adequate insurance in the future. 

Our earnings and margins may vary based on
the mix of our contracts and programs. 

At December 31, 2006, our backlog included both cost reimbursable and fixed-price
contracts. Cost reimbursable contracts generally have lower profit margins than fixed-price contracts. Production contracts are mainly fixed-price contracts, and developmental contracts are generally cost reimbursable contracts. Our earnings and
margins may vary materially depending on the types of long-term government contracts undertaken, the nature of the products produced or services performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other
performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined. 

Under fixed-price contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur and, consequently, any costs in excess of the fixed price are absorbed by us. Under time and materials contracts, we are
paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and for certain expenses. Under cost reimbursable contracts, subject to a contract-ceiling amount in certain cases, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and paid a fee, which may be fixed or
performance based. However, if our costs exceed the contract ceiling or are not allowable under the provisions of the contract or applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all such costs and may have our fees reduced or
eliminated. The failure to perform to customer expectations and contract requirements can result in reduced fees and may affect our financial performance for the affected period. Under each type of contract, if we are unable to control costs we
incur in performing under the contract, our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. Cost over-runs also may adversely affect our ability to sustain existing programs and obtain future contract awards.

If our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations, our prime contract performance and our ability to obtain future
business could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Many of our contracts involve subcontracts with other companies upon which we
rely to perform a portion of the services that we must provide to our customers. There is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, the
workshare provided to the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontract, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, or our hiring of the personnel of a subcontractor or vice versa. A failure by
one or more of our subcontractors to satisfactorily provide on a timely basis the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services may 

20 

Table of Contents

materially and adversely impact our ability to perform our obligations as the prime contractor. Subcontractor performance deficiencies could result in a
customer terminating our contract for default. A default termination could expose us to liability and have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In addition, a delay in our ability to obtain components
and equipment parts from our suppliers may affect our ability to meet our customers’ needs and may have an adverse effect upon our profitability. 

We use estimates in accounting for many of our programs. Changes in our estimates could affect our future financial results. 

Contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract sales and costs, and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total
sales and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. For example, assumptions have to be made regarding the length of time to complete the contract because costs also include expected increases in wages and prices for
materials. Similarly, assumptions have to be made regarding the future impacts of efficiency initiatives and cost reduction efforts. Incentives or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating sales and profit rates, and
are recorded when there is sufficient information for us to assess anticipated performance. Estimates of award and incentive fees are also used in estimating sales and profit rates based on actual and anticipated awards. 

Because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes described above, it is likely that materially different amounts could be recorded
if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect future period financial performance. For additional information on accounting
policies and internal controls we have in place for recognizing sales and profits, see our discussion under Management’s Discussion and Analysis – “Critical Accounting Policies – Contract Accounting/Revenue Recognition” on
pages 37 through 38 and “Controls and Procedures” on page 55, and Note 1 – Significant Accounting Policies on pages 63 through 67 of this Form 10-K. 

New accounting standards could result in changes to our methods of quantifying and recording accounting transactions, and could affect our financial results and financial position. 

Changes to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States (GAAP) arise from new and revised standards, interpretations and other guidance
issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and others. In addition, the U.S. Government may issue new or revised Cost Accounting Standards or Cost Principles. The effects of such changes may include prescribing an accounting method
where none had been previously specified, prescribing a single acceptable method of accounting from among several acceptable methods that currently exist, or revoking the acceptability of a current method and replacing it with an entirely different
method, among others. Such changes could result in unanticipated effects on our results of operations, financial position and other financial measures. 

The level of returns on pension and postretirement plan assets, changes in interest rates and other factors could affect our earnings in future periods. 

Our earnings may be positively or negatively impacted by the amount of expense we record for our employee benefit plans. This is particularly true with expense for our pension plans. GAAP requires that we calculate
expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations are based on assumptions that we make relating to financial market and other economic conditions. Changes in key economic indicators can result in changes in the assumptions we use.
The key year-end assumptions used to estimate pension expense for the following year are the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the rate of increase in future compensation levels. Our pension expense can also be
affected by legislation and other government regulatory actions. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension plan accounting policies, see Management’s Discussion and Analysis – “Critical
Accounting Policies – Postretirement Benefit Plans” on pages 38 through 40 of this Form 10-K. 

International sales and suppliers may pose
potentially greater risks. 

Our international business may pose greater risks than our domestic business due to the greater potential
for changes in foreign economic and political environments. In return, these greater risks are often accompanied by the potential to earn higher profits than from our domestic business. Our international business is also highly sensitive to changes
in foreign national priorities and government budgets. Sales of military products are affected by defense budgets (both in the U.S. and abroad) and U.S. foreign policy. 

Sales of our products and services internationally are subject to U.S. and local government regulations and procurement policies and practices including regulations relating to import-export control. Violations of
export control rules could result 

21 

Table of Contents

in suspension of our ability to export items from one or more business units or the entire corporation. Depending on the scope of the suspension, this could
have a material effect on our ability to perform certain international contracts. There are also U.S. and international regulations relating to investments, exchange controls and repatriation of earnings, as well as varying currency, political and
economic risks. Our contracts, however, generally are denominated in U.S. dollars. We also frequently team with international subcontractors and suppliers, and are exposed to similar risks. 

In international sales, we face substantial competition from both domestic manufacturers and foreign manufacturers, whose governments sometimes provide
research and development assistance, marketing subsidies and other assistance for their products. 

Some international customers require
contractors to comply with industrial cooperation regulations and enter into industrial participation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements. Offset agreements may require in-country purchases, manufacturing and financial support
projects as a condition to obtaining orders or other arrangements. Offset agreements generally extend over several years and may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with offset requirements. See “Contractual
Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 53 of this Form 10-K. 

As the
U.S. Government expands its role in nation-building, peacekeeping and operations support in countries experiencing internal warfare or acts of terrorism, our customers may ask us to perform services in troubled and dangerous areas of the world where
we are unfamiliar with the local infrastructure. Our employees may be exposed to threats to personal safety and we may be subject to criticism domestically or internationally by individuals or countries that do not agree with U.S. initiatives in
these areas. 

If we fail to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other extraordinary transactions successfully, our financial results, business and
future prospects could be harmed. 

In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets and enter into
agreements regarding possible investments, acquisitions, joint ventures and divestitures. As part of our business strategy, we seek to identify acquisition opportunities that will expand or complement our existing products and services, or customer
base, at attractive valuations. We often compete with others for the same opportunities. To be successful, we must conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies, negotiate transaction terms, complete and close
complex transactions and manage post-closing matters (e.g., integrate acquired companies and employees, realize anticipated operating synergies and improve margins) efficiently and effectively. Extraordinary transactions require substantial
management resources and have the potential to divert our attention from our existing business. 

If we are not successful in identifying
and closing extraordinary transactions, we may not be able to maintain a competitive leadership position or may be required to expend additional resources to develop capabilities internally in certain segments. In evaluating transactions, we are
required to make valuation assumptions and exercise judgment regarding business opportunities and potential liabilities. Our assumptions or judgment may prove to be inaccurate. Our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the material issues
necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction. Future acquisitions might require that we issue stock or incur indebtedness. This could dilute returns to existing stockholders, or adversely
affect our credit rating or future financial performance. We also may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation and other
liabilities. While we believe that we have established appropriate procedures and processes to mitigate many of these risks, there is no assurance that our integration efforts and business acquisition strategy will be successful. 

Divestitures may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, for a
period of time following the transaction. Nonperformance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results. 

Business disruptions
could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses. 

Our business may be impacted by
disruptions including, but not limited to, threats to physical security, information technology attacks or failures, damaging weather or other acts of nature and pandemics or other public health crises. Such disruptions could affect our internal
operations or services provided to customers, and could impact our sales, increase our expenses or adversely affect our reputation or our stock price. 

22 

Table of Contents

Unforeseen environmental costs could impact our future earnings. 

Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental protection laws and regulations. We are
involved in environmental responses at some of our facilities and former facilities, and at third-party sites not owned by us where we have been designated a potentially responsible party by the EPA or by a state agency. 

We manage various government-owned facilities on behalf of the government. At such facilities, environmental compliance and remediation costs have
historically been the responsibility of the government and we relied (and continue to rely with respect to past practices) upon government funding to pay such costs. While the government remains responsible for capital and operating costs associated
with environmental compliance, responsibility for fines and penalties associated with environmental noncompliance are typically borne by either the government or the contractor, depending on the contract and the relevant facts. 

Most of the laws governing environmental matters include criminal provisions. If we were convicted of a violation of the Federal Clean Air Act or the
Clean Water Act, our facility or facilities involved in the violation would be placed by EPA on the “Excluded Parties List” maintained by the General Services Administration. The listing would continue until the EPA concluded that the
cause of the violation had been cured. Listed facilities cannot be used in performing any U.S. Government contract awarded to us during any period of listing by the EPA. 

We have incurred and will likely continue to incur liabilities under various federal and state statutes for the cleanup of pollutants previously released into the environment. The extent of our financial exposure
cannot in all cases be reasonably estimated at this time. Among the variables management must assess in evaluating costs associated with these cases and remediation sites generally are changing cost estimates, continually evolving governmental
environmental standards and cost allowability issues. For information regarding these matters, including current estimates of the amounts that we believe are required for remediation or cleanup to the extent estimable, see “Environmental
Matters” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 40 and Note 14—Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies on pages 82 through 85 of this Form 10-K. 

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability. 

Our business operates in many locations under government jurisdictions that impose income taxes. Changes in domestic or foreign income tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result in higher or lower
income tax rates assessed or changes in the taxability of certain revenues or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and profitability. In addition, audits by income tax authorities could result in
unanticipated increases in our income tax expense. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. We cannot predict the outcome of litigation and
other contingencies with certainty. 

Our business may be adversely affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies
(including environmental remediation costs) that cannot be predicted with certainty. As required by GAAP in the U.S., we estimate material loss contingencies and establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed
probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability
or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements. For a description of our current legal proceedings, see Item 3 – Legal Proceedings on pages 25 through 26 and Note 14 – Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies on
pages 82 through 85 of this Form 10-K. 

In order to be successful, we must attract and retain key employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm
us. 

Our business has a continuing need to attract large numbers of skilled personnel, including personnel holding security clearances,
to support the growth of the enterprise and to replace individuals who have terminated employment due to retirement or for other reasons. To the extent that the demand for qualified personnel exceeds supply, as has been the case in recent years, we
could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees, or could experience difficulties in performing under our contracts if our needs for such employees were unmet. 

23 

Table of Contents

Historically, where employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various unions, we
have been successful in negotiating renewals to expiring agreements without any material disruption of operating activities. This does not assure, however, that we will be successful in our efforts to negotiate renewals of our existing collective
bargaining agreements when they expire. If we were unsuccessful in those efforts, there is the potential that we could incur unanticipated delays or expenses in the programs affected by any resulting work stoppages. 

Our forward-looking statements and projections may prove to be inaccurate. 

Our actual financial results likely will be different from those projected due to the inherent nature of projections and may be better or worse than projected. Given these uncertainties, you should not rely on
forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We expressly disclaim a duty to provide updates to forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K to
reflect the occurrence of subsequent events, changed circumstances, changes in our expectations, or the estimates and assumptions associated with them. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are intended to be subject to the safe harbor
protection provided by the federal securities laws. 

In addition, general economic conditions and trends, including interest rates,
government budgets and inflation, can and do affect our businesses. For a discussion identifying additional risk factors and important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements, see the preceding discussion of Risk Factors on pages 18 through 24, Government Contracts and Regulation on pages 16 through 17, “Industry Considerations” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis on pages 33 through 36,
Note 1 – Significant Accounting Policies on pages 63 through 67, and “Critical Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis on pages 37 through 40 of this Form 10-K. Other factors, in addition to those described,
may affect our forward-looking statements or actual results.