You should carefully consider the risks described
below before investing in our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our
business operations. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected. In that case, the value of our securities could decline substantially. 

24 

Table of Contents

Our reserves for future policy benefits and claims related to our current and future business as well as
businesses we may acquire in the future may prove to be inadequate. 

Our reserves for future policy benefits and claims may prove to be inadequate. We
establish and carry, as a liability, reserves based on estimates of how much we will need to pay for future benefits and claims. For our life insurance and annuity products, we calculate these reserves based on many assumptions and estimates,
including estimated premiums we will receive over the assumed life of the policy, the timing of the event covered by the insurance policy, the lapse rate of the policies, the amount of benefits or claims to be paid and the investment returns on the
assets we purchase with the premiums we receive. The assumptions and estimates we use in connection with establishing and carrying our reserves are inherently uncertain. Accordingly, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts that we
will pay, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy liabilities will grow to the level we assume prior to payment of benefits or claims. If our actual experience is different from our
assumptions or estimates, our reserves may prove to be inadequate in relation to our estimated future benefits and claims. As a result, we would incur a charge to our earnings in the quarter in which we increase our reserves. 

Because the equity markets and other factors impact the profitability and expected profitability of many of our products, changes in equity markets and other factors
may significantly affect our business and profitability. 

The fee revenue that we earn on equity-based variable annuities, unit-linked accounts, VUL
insurance policies and investment advisory business is based upon account values. Because strong equity markets result in higher account values, strong equity markets positively affect our net income through increased fee revenue. Conversely, a
weakening of the equity markets results in lower fee income and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and capital resources. 

The
increased fee revenue resulting from strong equity markets increases the expected gross profits (“EGPs”) from variable insurance products as do better than expected lapses, mortality rates and expenses. As a result, the higher EGPs may
result in lower net amortized costs related to deferred acquisition costs (“DAC”), deferred sales inducements (“DSI”), value of business acquired (“VOBA”), and deferred front-end sales loads (“DFEL”). However,
a decrease in the equity markets as well as worse than expected increases in lapses, mortality rates and expenses depending upon their significance, may result in higher net amortized costs associated with DAC, DSI, VOBA and DFEL and may have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and capital resources. For more information on DAC, DSI, VOBA and DFEL amortization, see “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in the MD&A. 

Changes in the equity markets, interest rates and/or volatility affects the profitability of our products with guaranteed benefits; therefore, such changes may have a
material adverse effect on our business and profitability. 

The amount of reserves related to GMDB for variable annuities is tied to the difference
between the value of the underlying accounts and the guaranteed death benefit, calculated using a benefit ratio approach. The GMDB reserves take into account the present value of total expected GMDB payments and the present value of total expected
assessments over the life of the contract and claims and assessments to date. The amount of reserves related to GMWB and GIB for variable annuities is based on the fair value of the underlying benefit. Both the level of expected GMDB payments and
expected total assessments used in calculating the benefit ratio are affected by the equity markets. The liabilities related to GMWB and GIB benefits valued at fair value are impacted by changes in equity markets, interest rates and volatility.
Accordingly, strong equity markets will decrease the amount of GMDB reserves that we must carry, and strong equity markets, increases in interest rates and decreases in volatility will generally decrease the fair value of the liabilities underlying
the GMWB and GIB benefits. 

Conversely, a decrease in the equity markets will increase the net amount at risk under the GMDB benefits we offer as part of
our variable annuity products, which has the effect of increasing the amount of GMDB reserves that we must carry. Also, a decrease in the equity market along with a decrease in interest rates and an increase in volatility will generally result in an
increase in the fair value of the liabilities underlying GMWB and GIB benefits, which has the effect of increasing the amount of GMWB and GIB reserves that we must carry. Such an increase in reserves would result in a charge to our earnings in the
quarter in which we increase our reserves. We maintain a customized dynamic hedge program that is designed to mitigate the risks associated with income volatility around the change in reserves on guaranteed benefits. However, the hedge positions may
not be effective to exactly offset the changes in the carrying value of the guarantees due to, among other things, the time lag between changes in their values and corresponding changes in the hedge positions, high levels of volatility in the equity
markets and derivatives markets, extreme swings in interest rates, contract holder behavior different than expected, and divergence between the performance of the underlying funds and hedging indices. For more information on our hedging program, see
“Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates – Future Contract Benefits and Other Contract Holder Funds” in the MD&A. 

25 

Table of Contents

Changes in interest rates may cause interest rate spreads to decrease and may result in increased contract
withdrawals. 

Because the profitability of our fixed annuity and interest-sensitive whole life, UL and fixed portion of VUL insurance business depends
in part on interest rate spreads, interest rate fluctuations could negatively affect our profitability. Changes in interest rates may reduce both our profitability from spread businesses and our return on invested capital. Some of our products,
principally fixed annuities and interest-sensitive whole life, universal life and the fixed portion of variable universal life insurance, have interest rate guarantees that expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce our
“spread,” or the difference between the amounts that we are required to pay under the contracts and the amounts we are able to earn on our general account investments intended to support our obligations under the contracts. Declines in our
spread or instances where the returns on our general account investments are not enough to support the interest rate guarantees on these products could have a material adverse effect on our businesses or results of operations. 

In periods of increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace the assets in our general account with higher yielding assets needed to fund the higher crediting
rates necessary to keep our interest sensitive products competitive. We therefore may have to accept a lower spread and thus lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. In periods of
declining interest rates, we have to reinvest the cash we receive as interest or return of principal on our investments in lower yielding instruments then available. Moreover, borrowers may prepay fixed-income securities, commercial mortgages and
mortgage-backed securities in our general account in order to borrow at lower market rates, which exacerbates this risk. Because we are entitled to reset the interest rates on our fixed rate annuities only at limited, pre-established intervals, and
since many of our contracts have guaranteed minimum interest or crediting rates, our spreads could decrease and potentially become negative. 

Increases in
interest rates may cause increased surrenders and withdrawals of insurance products. In periods of increasing interest rates, policy loans and surrenders and withdrawals of life insurance policies and annuity contracts may increase as contract
holders seek to buy products with perceived higher returns. This process may lead to a flow of cash out of our businesses. These outflows may require investment assets to be sold at a time when the prices of those assets are lower because of the
increase in market interest rates, which may result in realized investment losses. A sudden demand among consumers to change product types or withdraw funds could lead us to sell assets at a loss to meet the demand for funds. 

A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could limit our ability to market products, increase the number or value of policies being surrendered and/or
hurt our relationships with creditors. 

Nationally recognized rating agencies rate the financial strength of our principal insurance subsidiaries and
rate our debt. Ratings are not recommendations to buy our securities. Each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically, and our current ratings may not be maintained in the future. Please see “Item 1. Business – Ratings”
for a complete description of our ratings. 

Our financial strength ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet contract holder obligations,
are an important factor affecting public confidence in most of our products and, as a result, our competitiveness. A downgrade of the financial strength rating of one of our principal insurance subsidiaries could affect our competitive position in
the insurance industry and make it more difficult for us to market our products as potential customers may select companies with higher financial strength ratings. This could lead to a decrease in fees as outflows of assets increase, and therefore,
result in lower fee income. Furthermore, sales of assets to meet customer withdrawal demands could also result in losses, depending on market conditions. The interest rates we pay on our borrowings are largely dependent on our credit ratings. A
downgrade of our debt ratings could affect our ability to raise additional debt with terms and conditions similar to our current debt, and accordingly, likely increase our cost of capital. In addition, a downgrade of these ratings could make it more
difficult to raise capital to refinance any maturing debt obligations, to support business growth at our insurance subsidiaries and to maintain or improve the current financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries described
above. 

A drop in the rankings of the mutual funds that we manage as well as a loss of key portfolio managers could result in lower advisory fees. 

While mutual funds are not rated, per se, many industry periodicals and services, such as Lipper, provide rankings of mutual fund performance. These
rankings often have an impact on the decisions of customers regarding which mutual funds to invest in. If the rankings of the mutual funds for which we provide advisory services decrease materially, the funds’ assets may decrease as customers
leave for funds with higher performance rankings. Similarly, a loss of our key portfolio managers who manage mutual fund investments could result in poorer fund performance, as well as customers leaving these mutual funds for new mutual funds
managed by the portfolio managers. Any loss of fund assets would decrease the advisory fees that we earn from such mutual funds, which are generally tied to the amount of fund assets and performance. This would have an adverse effect on our results
of operations. 

26 

Table of Contents

Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability. 

Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive supervision and regulation in the states in which we do business. The supervision and regulation relate to numerous
aspects of our business and financial condition. The primary purpose of the supervision and regulation is the protection of our insurance contract holders, and not our investors. The extent of regulation varies, but generally is governed by state
statutes. These statutes delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to state insurance departments. This system of supervision and regulation covers, among other things: 

•

 Standards of minimum capital requirements and solvency, including risk-based capital measurements; 

•

 Restrictions of certain transactions between our insurance subsidiaries and their affiliates; 

•

 Restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments; 

•

 Restrictions on the types of terms and conditions that we can include in the insurance policies offered by our primary insurance operations;

•

 Limitations on the amount of dividends that insurance subsidiaries can pay; 

•

 The existence and licensing status of the company under circumstances where it is not writing new or renewal business; 

•

 Certain required methods of accounting; 

•

 Reserves for unearned premiums, losses and other purposes; and 

•

 Assignment of residual market business and potential assessments for the provision of funds necessary for the settlement of covered claims under certain policies
provided by impaired, insolvent or failed insurance companies. 

We may be unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals and our
business may not fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant authority’s interpretation of the laws and regulations, which may change from time to time. Also, regulatory authorities have relatively
broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. If we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily
suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or impose substantial fines. Further, insurance regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to issue orders of supervision, which permit such authorities to supervise the business
and operations of an insurance company. As of December 31, 2007, no state insurance regulatory authority had imposed on us any substantial fines or revoked or suspended any of our licenses to conduct insurance business in any state or issued an
order of supervision with respect to our insurance subsidiaries, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

In addition, LFN and LFD, as well as our variable annuities and variable life insurance products, are subject to regulation and supervision by the SEC and FINRA. Our Investment Management segment, like other investment management companies,
is subject to regulation and supervision by the SEC, FINRA, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and jurisdictions of the states, territories and foreign countries in which they are licensed to do
business. Lincoln UK is subject to regulation by the FSA in the U.K. These laws and regulations generally grant supervisory agencies and self-regulatory organizations broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict the
subsidiaries from carrying on their businesses in the event that they fail to comply with such laws and regulations. Finally, our radio operations require a license, subject to periodic renewal, from the Federal Communications Commission to operate.
While management considers the likelihood of a failure to renew remote, any station that fails to receive renewal would be forced to cease operations. 

Many of the foregoing regulatory or governmental bodies have the authority to review our products and business practices and those of our agents and employees. In recent years, there has been increased scrutiny of our businesses by these
bodies, which has included more extensive examinations, regular “sweep” inquiries and more detailed review of disclosure documents. These regulatory or governmental bodies may bring regulatory or other legal actions against us if, in their
view, our practices, or those of our agents or employees, are improper. These actions can result in substantial fines, penalties or prohibitions or restrictions on our business activities and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

For further information on regulatory matters relating to us, see “Item 1. Business –
Regulatory.” 

Changes in accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard-setting bodies may adversely
affect our financial statements. 

Our financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP, which is periodically revised and/or expanded.
Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or guidance issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board. It is possible that future accounting standards we
are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example,
effective January 1, 2008, we adopted Statements of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 157 “Fair Value Measurements” (“SFAS 157”) which resulted in an increase to our embedded derivative liability for
variable annuity living benefits of $25 million – $75 million after 

27 

Table of Contents

DAC and after-tax, recorded through net income. For more information on SFAS 157 and other accounting pronouncements, see Note 2. 

Legal and regulatory actions are inherent in our businesses and could result in financial losses or harm our businesses. 

Federal and state regulators continue to focus on issues relating to variable insurance products, including suitability and replacements and sales to seniors. Like others
in the industry, we have received inquiries including requests for information regarding sales to seniors from FINRA. We are in the process of responding to these inquiries. We continue to cooperate fully with such authority. In addition, we are,
and in the future may be, subject to legal actions in the ordinary course of our insurance and investment management operations, both domestically and internationally. Pending legal actions include proceedings relating to aspects of our businesses
and operations that are specific to us and proceedings that are typical of the businesses in which we operate. Some of these proceedings have been brought on behalf of various alleged classes of complainants. In certain of these matters, the
plaintiffs are seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages. Substantial legal liability in these or future legal or regulatory actions could have a material financial effect or cause significant harm to our
reputation, which in turn could materially harm our business prospects. For more information on pending material legal proceedings, see “Item 3. Legal Proceedings.” 

Changes in U.S. federal income tax law could make some of our products less attractive to consumers and increase our tax costs. 

EGTRRA and JGTRRA contain provisions that have and will (in the absence of any further legislation) continue, near term, to significantly lower individual tax rates. These may have the effect of reducing the benefits
of deferral on the build-up of value of annuities and life insurance products. EGTRRA also includes provisions that will eliminate, over time, the estate, gift and generation-skipping taxes and partially eliminate the step-up in basis rule
applicable to property held in a decedent’s estate. Many of these provisions expire in 2010, unless extended. The Bush Administration continues to propose that many of the foregoing rate reductions, as well as elimination of the estate tax, be
made permanent, and continues to propose several tax-favored savings initiatives, that, if enacted by Congress, could also adversely affect the sale of our annuity, life and tax-qualified retirement products and increase the surrender of such
products. Although we cannot predict the overall effect on the sales of our products of the tax law changes included in these Acts, some of these changes might hinder our sales and result in the increased surrender of insurance products. 

In addition, changes to the Internal Revenue Code, administrative rulings or court decisions could increase our effective tax rate. In this regard, on August 16,
2007, the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) issued a revenue ruling which purports, among other things, to modify the calculation of separate account deduction for dividends received by life insurance companies. Subsequently, the IRS issued
another revenue ruling that suspended the August 16, 2007 ruling and announced a new regulation project on the issue. The current separate account deduction for dividends calculation lowered the effective tax rate by approximately 4% for the
year ended December 31, 2007. 

Our risk management policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could
negatively affect our businesses or result in losses. 

We have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and
expect to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. Many of our methods of managing risk and exposures are based upon our use of observed historical
market behavior or statistics based on historical models. As a result, these methods may not predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate, such as the risk of pandemics causing a large number
of deaths. Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters that is publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, which may not always be accurate,
complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and
procedures may not be fully effective. 

Because we are a holding company with no direct operations, the inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends
to us in sufficient amounts would harm our ability to meet our obligations. 

We are a holding company and we have no direct operations. Our principal
asset is the capital stock of our insurance and investment management subsidiaries. 

Our ability to meet our obligations for payment of interest and
principal on outstanding debt obligations and to pay dividends to shareholders and corporate expenses depends upon the surplus and earnings of our subsidiaries and the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us.
Payments of dividends and advances or repayment of funds to us by our insurance subsidiaries are restricted by the applicable laws of their respective jurisdictions, including laws establishing minimum 

28 

Table of Contents

solvency and liquidity thresholds. Changes in these laws can constrain the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us in
sufficient amounts and at times necessary to meet our debt obligations and corporate expenses. 

We face a risk of non-collectibility of reinsurance,
which could materially affect our results of operations. 

We follow the insurance practice of reinsuring with other insurance and reinsurance companies
a portion of the risks under the policies written by our insurance subsidiaries (known as ceding). As of December 31, 2007, we have ceded approximately $351 billion of life insurance in-force to reinsurers for reinsurance protection. Although
reinsurance does not discharge our subsidiaries from their primary obligation to pay contract holders for losses insured under the policies we issue, reinsurance does make the assuming reinsurer liable to the insurance subsidiaries for the reinsured
portion of the risk. As of December 31, 2007, we had $8.2 billion of reinsurance receivables from reinsurers for paid and unpaid losses, for which they are obligated to reimburse us under our reinsurance contracts. Of this amount, $4.3 billion
relates to the sale of our reinsurance business to Swiss Re in 2001 through an indemnity reinsurance agreement. Swiss Re has funded a trust to support this business. The balance in the trust changes as a result of ongoing reinsurance activity and
was $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2007. In addition, should Swiss Re’s financial strength ratings drop below either S&P AA- or A.M. Best A or their NAIC risk based capital ratio fall below 250%, assets equal to the reserves
supporting business reinsured must be placed into a trust according to pre-established asset quality guidelines. Furthermore, approximately $2.1 billion of the Swiss Re treaties are funds-withheld structures where we have a right of offset on assets
backing the reinsurance receivables. 

Included in the business sold to Swiss Re through indemnity reinsurance in 2001 was disability income business. Swiss
Re is disputing its obligation to pay approximately $73 million of reinsurance recoverables on certain of this income disability business. We have agreed to arbitrate this dispute with Swiss Re. Although the outcome of the arbitration is uncertain,
we currently believe that it is probable that we will ultimately collect the full amount of the reinsurance recoverable from Swiss Re and that Swiss Re will ultimately remain at risk on all of its obligations on the disability income business that
it acquired from us in 2001. 

During the third quarter of 2006, one of LNL’s reinsurers, Scottish Re Group Ltd (“Scottish Re”), received
rating downgrades from various rating agencies. As of December 31, 2007, of the $800 million of fixed annuity business that LNL reinsures with Scottish Re, approximately 71% is reinsured through the use of Modco treaties, in which LNL possesses
the investments that support the reserves ceded to Scottish Re. For its annuity business ceded on a coinsurance basis, Scottish Re had previously established an irrevocable investment trust for the benefit of LNL that supports the reserves. In
addition to fixed annuities, LNL has approximately $108 million of policy liabilities on the life insurance business it reinsures with Scottish Re. Scottish Re continues to perform under its contractual responsibilities to LNL. 

The balance of the reinsurance is due from a diverse group of reinsurers. The collectibility of reinsurance is largely a function of the solvency of the individual
reinsurers. We perform annual credit reviews on our reinsurers, focusing on, among other things, financial capacity, stability, trends and commitment to the reinsurance business. We also require assets in trust, letters of credit or other acceptable
collateral to support balances due from reinsurers not authorized to transact business in the applicable jurisdictions. Despite these measures, a reinsurer’s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of a
reinsurance contract, especially Swiss Re, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Significant
adverse mortality experience may result in the loss of, or higher prices for, reinsurance. 

We reinsure a significant amount of the mortality risk on
fully underwritten newly issued, individual life insurance contracts. We regularly review retention limits for continued appropriateness and they may be changed in the future. If we were to experience adverse mortality or morbidity experience, a
significant portion of that would be reimbursed by our reinsurers. Prolonged or severe adverse mortality or morbidity experience could result in increased reinsurance costs, and ultimately, reinsurers not willing to offer coverage. If we are unable
to maintain our current level of reinsurance or purchase new reinsurance protection in amounts that we consider sufficient, we would either have to be willing to accept an increase in our net exposures or revise our pricing to reflect higher
reinsurance premiums. If this were to occur, we may be exposed to reduced profitability and cash flow strain or we may not be able to price new business at competitive rates. 

Catastrophes may adversely impact liabilities for contract holder claims and the availability of reinsurance. 

Our
insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality, such as a pandemic, an act of terrorism or other event that causes a large number of deaths or injuries. Significant influenza pandemics have occurred three times in the last
century, but the likelihood, timing, or the severity of a future pandemic cannot be predicted. In our group insurance operations, a localized event that affects the workplace of one or more of our group insurance customers could cause a significant
loss due to mortality or morbidity claims. These events could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any period and, depending on their severity, could also materially and adversely affect our financial condition.

The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of
the event. Pandemics, hurricanes, earthquakes and man-made catastrophes, including terrorism, may produce 

29 

Table of Contents

significant damage in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. Claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause
substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial condition. Also, catastrophic events could harm the financial condition of our reinsurers and thereby
increase the probability of default on reinsurance recoveries. Accordingly, our ability to write new business could also be affected. 

Consistent with
industry practice and accounting standards, we establish liabilities for claims arising from a catastrophe only after assessing the probable losses arising from the event. We cannot be certain that the liabilities we have established will be
adequate to cover actual claim liabilities, and a catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may be unable to attract and retain sales representatives and other employees, particularly financial advisors. 

We compete to attract and retain financial advisors, wholesalers, portfolio managers and other employees, as well as independent distributors of our products. Intense
competition exists for persons and independent distributors with demonstrated ability. We compete with other financial institutions primarily on the basis of our products, compensation, support services and financial position. Sales in our
businesses and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining financial advisors, wholesalers, portfolio managers and other employees, as well as
independent distributors of our products. 

Our sales representatives are not captive and may sell products of our competitors. 

We sell our annuity and life insurance products through independent sales representatives. These representatives are not captive, which means they may also sell our
competitors’ products. If our competitors offer products that are more attractive than ours, or pay higher commission rates to the sales representatives than we do, these representatives may concentrate their efforts in selling our
competitors’ products instead of ours. 

Intense competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. 

Our businesses are intensely competitive. We compete based on a number of factors including name recognition, service, the quality of investment advice,
investment performance, product features, price, perceived financial strength, claims-paying and credit ratings. Our competitors include insurers, broker-dealers, financial advisors, asset managers and other financial institutions. A number of our
business units face competitors that have greater market share, offer a broader range of products or have higher financial strength or credit ratings than we do. 

In recent years, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry resulting in increased competition from large, well-capitalized financial services firms. Many of these firms also
have been able to increase their distribution systems through mergers or contractual arrangements. Furthermore, larger competitors may have lower operating costs and an ability to absorb greater risk while maintaining their financial strength
ratings, thereby allowing them to price their products more competitively. We expect consolidation to continue and perhaps accelerate in the future, thereby increasing competitive pressure on us. 

Losses due to defaults by others could reduce our profitability or negatively affect the value of our investments. 

Third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform their obligations. These parties include the issuers whose securities we hold,
borrowers under the mortgage loans we make, customers, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts, reinsurers and other financial intermediaries. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to
bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure, corporate governance issues or other reasons. A downturn in the U.S. and other economies could result in increased impairments. 

Anti-takeover provisions could delay, deter or prevent our change in control even if the change in control would be beneficial to LNC shareholders. 

We are an Indiana corporation subject to Indiana state law. Certain provisions of Indiana law could interfere with or restrict takeover bids or other change in control
events affecting us. Also, provisions in our articles of incorporation, bylaws and other agreements to which we are a party could delay, deter or prevent our change in control, even if a change in control would be beneficial to shareholders. In
addition, under Indiana law, directors may, in considering the best interests of a corporation, consider the effects of any action on stockholders, employees, suppliers and customers of the corporation and the communities in which offices and other
facilities are located, and other factors the directors consider pertinent. One statutory provision prohibits, except under specified circumstances, LNC from engaging in any business combination with any shareholder who owns 10% or more of our
common stock (which shareholder, under the statute, would be considered an “interested shareholder”) for a period of five years following the time that such shareholder became an interested shareholder, unless such business combination is

30 

Table of Contents

approved by the board of directors prior to such person becoming an interested shareholder. In addition, our articles of incorporation contain a provision
requiring holders of at least three-fourths of our voting shares then outstanding and entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting together, to approve a transaction with an interested shareholder rather than the simple majority required
under Indiana law. 

In addition to the anti-takeover provisions of Indiana law, there are other factors that may delay, deter or prevent our change in
control. As an insurance holding company, we are regulated as an insurance holding company and are subject to the insurance holding company acts of the states in which our insurance company subsidiaries are domiciled. The insurance holding company
acts and regulations restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company without prior regulatory approval. Under those statutes and regulations, without such approval (or an exemption), no person may acquire any voting
security of a domestic insurance company, or an insurance holding company which controls an insurance company, or merge with such a holding company, if as a result of such transaction such person would “control” the insurance holding
company or insurance company. “Control” is generally defined as the direct or indirect power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person and is presumed to exist if a person directly or indirectly owns or
controls 10% or more of the voting securities of another person. 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected
by general domestic economic and business conditions that are less favorable than anticipated. 

Recent events, including fallout from problems in the
U.S. credit markets, indicate a potential near-term recession in the U.S. economy. A steady economy is important as it provides for continuing demand for our insurance and investment-type products. Insurance premium growth, with respect to life and
disability products, for example, is closely tied to employers’ total payroll growth. A recession resulting in higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, could
cause the demand for our financial and insurance products to be adversely affected, and therefore, have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, continued problems in the U.S. capital markets could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and liquidity.