You should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our securities. The
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair
our business operations. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially affected. In that case, the value of our securities
could decline substantially.

Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity
needs, access to capital and cost of capital.

The capital and credit markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption for more
than twelve months. In some cases, the markets have exerted downward pressure on availability of
liquidity and credit capacity for certain issuers.

We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types and maturities. These investments
are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. An extended disruption
in the credit and capital markets could adversely affect LNC and its subsidiaries’ ability to
access sources of liquidity, and there can be no assurance that additional financing will be
available to us on favorable terms, or at all, in the current market environment. In addition,
further other-than-temporary impairments could reduce our statutory surplus, leading to lower RBC
ratios and potentially reducing future dividend capacity from our insurance subsidiaries.

We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our debt and dividends on our capital
stock, to maintain our securities lending activities and to replace certain maturing liabilities.
Without sufficient liquidity, we will be forced to curtail our operations, and our business will
suffer. As a holding company with no direct operations, our principal asset is the capital stock
of our insurance and investment management subsidiaries. Our ability to meet our obligations for
payment of interest and principal on outstanding debt obligations, including the $500 million of
senior securities due in April 2009, and to pay dividends to shareholders and corporate expenses
depends significantly upon the surplus and earnings of our subsidiaries and the ability of our
subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us. Payments of dividends and
advances or repayment of funds to us by our insurance subsidiaries are restricted by the applicable
laws and regulations of their respective jurisdictions, including laws establishing minimum
solvency and liquidity thresholds. Changes in these laws can constrain the ability of our
subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us in sufficient amounts and at times
necessary to meet our debt obligations and corporate expenses. For our insurance and other
subsidiaries, the principal sources of our liquidity are insurance premiums and fees, annuity
considerations, investment advisory fees, and cash flow from our investment portfolio and assets,
consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily convertible into cash. At the holding company
level, sources of liquidity in normal markets also include a variety of short- and long-term
instruments, including credit facilities, commercial paper and medium- and long-term debt.

In the event that current resources do not satisfy our needs, we may have to seek additional
financing. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as
market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the
overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings and credit
capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception
of our long- or short-term financial prospects if we incur large investment losses or if the level
of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn. Similarly, our access to funds may be
impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us as has happened recently.
See “Item 1. Business — Ratings” for a complete
description of our ratings and ratings outlook. Our
internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to
successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all.

Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may also limit our access
to capital required to operate our business, most significantly our insurance operations. Such
market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities;
satisfy statutory capital requirements; generate fee income and market-related revenue to meet
liquidity needs; and access the capital necessary to grow our business. As such, we may be forced
to delay raising capital, issue shorter term securities than we prefer, or bear an unattractive
cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial
flexibility. Recently, our credit spreads have widened considerably, which increases the interest
rate we must pay on any new debt obligation we may issue. Our results of operations, financial
condition, cash flows and statutory capital position could be materially adversely affected by
disruptions in the financial markets.

28

Table of Contents

Difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally may materially
adversely affect our business and results of operations and we do not expect these conditions to
improve in the near future.

Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and
the economy generally, both in the U.S. and elsewhere around the world. The stress experienced by
global capital markets that began in the second half of 2007 continued and substantially increased
during the second half of 2008, particularly in the fourth quarter of 2008. Recently, concerns
over unemployment, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining
real estate market in the U.S. have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations
for the economy and the markets going forward. These factors, combined with volatile oil prices
and declining business and consumer confidence, have precipitated a recession. In addition, the
fixed-income markets are experiencing a period of extreme volatility, which has negatively impacted
market liquidity conditions. Initially, the concerns on the part of market participants were
focused on the subprime segment of the mortgage-backed securities market. However, these concerns
have since expanded to include a broad range of mortgage- and asset-backed and other fixed income
securities, including those rated investment grade, the U.S. and international credit and interbank
money markets generally, and a wide range of financial institutions and markets, asset classes and
sectors. As a result, the market for fixed income instruments has experienced decreased liquidity,
increased price volatility, credit downgrade events and increased probability of default.
Securities that are less liquid are more difficult to value and may be hard to sell, if desired.
Domestic and international equity markets have also been experiencing heightened volatility and
turmoil, with issuers (such as our company) that have exposure to the real estate, mortgage and
credit markets particularly affected. These events and the continuing market upheavals may have an
adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and are also dependent
upon customer behavior. Our revenues are likely to decline in such circumstances and our profit
margins could erode. In addition, in the event of extreme prolonged market events, such as the
global credit crisis, we could incur significant losses. Even in the absence of a market downturn,
we are exposed to substantial risk of loss due to market volatility.

Factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and
strength of the capital markets and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and,
ultimately, the amount and profitability of our business. In an economic downturn characterized by
higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and
lower consumer spending, the demand for our financial and insurance products could be adversely
affected. In addition, we may experience an elevated incidence of claims and lapses or surrenders
of policies. Our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying
insurance premiums altogether. Adverse changes in the economy could affect earnings negatively and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. The current mortgage crisis has also raised the possibility of future legislative and
regulatory actions in addition to the recent enactments of the EESA and the ARRA that could further
impact our business. We cannot predict whether or when such actions may occur, or what impact, if
any, such actions could have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. A
continuation of current economic conditions may require us to raise additional capital or consider
other transactions to manage our capital position or our liquidity.

If our businesses do not perform well and/or the price of our common stock does not increase, we
may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or to establish a valuation allowance
against the deferred income tax asset, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition.

Goodwill represents the excess of the amounts we paid to acquire subsidiaries and other businesses
over the fair value of their net assets at the date of acquisition. As of December 31, 2008, we
had a total of $3.9 billion of goodwill on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, of which $2.2 billion
related to our Insurance Solutions — Life Insurance segment and $1.0 billion related to our
Retirement Solutions — Annuities segment. We test goodwill at least annually for impairment.
Impairment testing is performed based upon estimates of the fair value of the “reporting unit” to
which the goodwill relates. The reporting unit is the operating segment or a business one level
below that operating segment if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed
by management at that level. The fair value of the reporting unit is impacted by the performance
of the business. If it is determined that the goodwill has been impaired, i.e. when the fair value
of the “reporting unit” is not expected to recover in a reasonable amount of time, we must write
down the goodwill by the amount of the impairment, with a corresponding charge to net income. For
the year ended December 31, 2008, we took total pre-tax impairment charges of $176 million,
primarily related to our media assets.

If current market conditions persist during 2009, in particular, if our share price remains below
book value per share, or if we take actions to limit risk associated with our products or
investments that causes a significant change in any one reporting unit’s fair value, this may
trigger goodwill impairment testing at the end of each quarter as part of an annual or interim
impairment test. We expect to perform interim tests of goodwill impairment in addition to our
annual test during 2009, especially if our market capitalization remains below our book value.
Subsequent reviews of goodwill could result in impairment of goodwill during 2009, as early as the
first quarter. These subsequent reviews of goodwill could result in additional impairment of
goodwill during 2009, and such write downs could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations or financial position, but will not affect the statutory capital of our insurance
subsidiaries. For more information on goodwill, see Note 8 and the MD&A.

29

Table of Contents

Deferred income tax represents the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax basis of
assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are assessed periodically by management to determine
if they are realizable. Factors in management’s determination include the performance of the
business, including the ability to generate capital gains from a variety of sources and tax
planning strategies. If, based on available information, it is more likely than not that the
deferred income tax asset will not be realized, then a valuation allowance must be established with
a corresponding charge to net income. Such valuation allowance could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial position, but will not affect the statutory
capital of our insurance subsidiaries.

There can be no assurance that actions of the U.S. Government, Federal Reserve and other
governmental and regulatory bodies for the purpose of stabilizing the financial markets will
achieve the intended effect.

In response to the financial crises affecting the banking system and financial markets and going
concern threats to investment banks and other financial institutions, on October 3, 2008, the EESA
was signed into law and on February 17, 2009, the ARRA was signed into law. The federal
government, Federal Reserve and other governmental and regulatory bodies have taken or are
considering taking other actions to address the financial crisis. There can be no assurance as to
what impact such actions will have on the financial markets, including the extreme levels of
volatility currently being experienced.

The difficulties faced by other financial institutions could adversely affect us.

We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute
transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers,
commercial banks, investment banks and other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to
credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty. In addition, with respect to secured
transactions, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized
upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative
exposure due to it. We also may have exposure to these financial institutions in the form of
unsecured debt instruments, derivative transactions and/or equity investments. There can be no
assurance that any such losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets would not
materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Furthermore, we distribute a significant amount of our insurance, annuity and mutual fund products
through large financial institutions. We believe that the mergers of several of these entities, as
well as the negative impact of the markets on these entities, has disrupted and may lead to further
disruption of their businesses, which may have a negative effect on our production levels.

Our participation in a securities lending program and a reverse repurchase program subjects us to
potential liquidity and other risks.

We participate in a securities lending program for our general account whereby fixed income
securities are loaned by our agent bank to third parties, primarily major brokerage firms and
commercial banks. The borrowers of our securities provide us with collateral, typically in cash,
which we separately maintain. We invest such cash collateral in other securities, primarily in
commercial paper and money market or other short term funds. Securities with a cost or amortized
cost of $430 million and a fair value of $410 million were on loan under the program as of
December 31, 2008. Securities loaned under such transactions may be sold or repledged by the
transferee. We were liable for cash collateral under our control of $427 million as of
December 31, 2008.

We participate in a reverse repurchase program for our general account whereby we sell fixed income
securities to third parties, primarily major brokerage firms, with a concurrent agreement to
repurchase those same securities at a determined future date. The borrowers of our securities
provide us with cash collateral which is typically invested in fixed maturity securities. The fair
value of securities pledged under reverse repurchase agreements was $496 million as of December 31,
2008.

As of December 31, 2008, substantially all of the securities on loan under the program could be
returned to us by the borrowers at any time. Collateral received under the reverse repurchase
program cannot be returned prior to maturity, however, market conditions on the repurchase date may
limit our ability to enter into new agreements. The return of loaned securities or our inability
to enter into new reverse repurchase agreements would require us to return the cash collateral
associated with such securities. In addition, in some cases, the maturity of the securities held
as invested collateral (i.e. securities that we have purchased with cash received from the third
parties) may exceed the term of the related securities and the market value may fall below the
amount of cash received as collateral and invested. If we are required to return significant
amounts of cash collateral on short notice and we are forced to sell securities to meet the return
obligation, we may have difficulty selling such collateral that is invested in securities in a
timely manner, be forced to sell securities in a volatile or illiquid market for less than we
otherwise would have been able to realize under normal market conditions, or both. In addition,
under stressful capital market and economic conditions, such as those conditions we have
experienced recently, liquidity broadly deteriorates, which may further restrict our ability to
sell securities.

30

Table of Contents

Our reserves for future policy benefits and claims related to our current and future business as
well as businesses we may acquire in the future may prove to be inadequate.

We establish and carry, as a liability, reserves based on estimates of how much we will need to pay
for future benefits and claims. For our life insurance and annuity products, we calculate these
reserves based on many assumptions and estimates, including estimated premiums we will receive over
the assumed life of the policy, the timing of the event covered by the insurance policy, the lapse
rate of the policies, the amount of benefits or claims to be paid and the investment returns on the
assets we purchase with the premiums we receive. The assumptions and estimates we use in
connection with establishing and carrying our reserves are inherently uncertain. In addition, the
sensitivity of our statutory reserves and surplus established for our variable annuity base
contracts and riders to changes in the equity markets will vary depending on the magnitude of the
decline. The sensitivity will be affected by the level of account values relative to the level of
guaranteed amounts, product design and reinsurance. Statutory reserves for variable annuities
depend upon the cumulative equity market impacts on the business in force, and therefore, result in
non-linear relationships with respect to the level of equity market performance within any
reporting period. Accordingly, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amount or the
timing of the payment of actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy
liabilities will grow to the level we assume prior to payment of benefits or claims. If our actual
experience is different from our assumptions or estimates, our reserves may prove to be inadequate
in relation to our estimated future benefits and claims. As a result, we would incur a charge to
our earnings in the quarter in which we increase our reserves.

Because the equity markets and other factors impact the profitability and expected profitability of
many of our products, changes in equity markets and other factors may significantly affect our
business and profitability.

The fee revenue that we earn on equity-based variable annuities, unit-linked accounts, VUL
insurance policies and investment advisory business is based upon account values. Because strong
equity markets result in higher account values, strong equity markets positively affect our net
income through increased fee revenue. Conversely, a weakening of the equity markets results in
lower fee income and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and capital
resources.

The increased fee revenue resulting from strong equity markets increases the expected gross profits
(“EGPs”) from variable insurance products as do better than expected lapses, mortality rates and
expenses. As a result, higher EGPs may result in lower net amortized costs related to deferred
acquisition costs (“DAC”), deferred sales inducements (“DSI”), value of business acquired (“VOBA”),
deferred front-end loads (“DFEL”) and changes in future contract benefits. However, a decrease in the
equity markets, as well as worse than expected increases in lapses, mortality rates and expenses,
depending upon their significance, may result in higher net amortized costs associated with DAC,
DSI, VOBA, DFEL and changes in future contract benefits and may have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and capital resources. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2008, we reset
the baseline of account values from which EGPs are projected. As a result of this and the impact
of the volatile capital market conditions on our annuity reserves, we had a cumulative unfavorable
prospective unlocking of $223 million, after-tax.

Changes in the equity markets, interest rates and/or volatility affect the profitability of our
products with guaranteed benefits; therefore, such changes may have a material adverse effect on
our business and profitability.

Certain of our variable annuity products include guaranteed benefit riders. These include GDB, GWB
and GIB riders. Our GWB, GIB and 4LATER® features have elements of both insurance benefits
accounted for under Statement of Position 03-1 (“SOP 03-1”) and embedded derivatives accounted for
under SFAS No. 133 “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities” and SFAS No. 157,
“Fair Value Measurements, (“SFAS 157”). The SOP 03-1 component is calculated in a manner
consistent with our GDB, as described below. We weight the reserves based on the significance of
their features. The amount of reserves related to GDB for variable annuities is tied to the
difference between the value of the underlying accounts and the GDB, calculated using a benefit
ratio approach. The GDB reserves take into account the present value of total expected GDB
payments, the present value of total expected GDB assessments over the life of the contract, claims
paid to date and assessments to date. Reserves for our GIB and certain GWB with lifetime benefits
are based on a combination of fair value of the underlying benefit and a benefit ratio approach
that is based on the projected future payments in excess of projected future account values. The
benefit ratio approach takes into account the present value of total expected GIB payments, the
present value of total expected GIB assessments over the life of the contract, claims paid to date
and assessments to date. The amount of reserves related to those GWB that do not have lifetime
benefits is based on the fair value of the underlying benefit.

Both the level of expected payments and expected total assessments used in calculating the benefit
ratio are affected by the equity markets. The liabilities related to fair value are impacted by
changes in equity markets, interest rates and volatility. Accordingly, strong equity markets will
decrease the amount of reserves that we must carry, and strong equity markets, increases in
interest rates and decreases in volatility will generally decrease the reserves calculated using
fair value. Conversely, a decrease in the equity markets will increase the expected future
payments used in the benefit ratio approach, which has the effect of increasing the amount of
reserves. Also, a decrease in the equity market along with a decrease in interest rates and an
increase in volatility will generally result in an increase in the reserves calculated using fair
value, which are the conditions we have experienced recently.

31

Table of Contents

Increases in reserves would result in a charge to our earnings in the quarter in which the increase
occurs. Therefore, we maintain a customized dynamic hedge program that is designed to mitigate the
risks associated with income volatility around the change in reserves on guaranteed benefits.
However, the hedge positions may not be effective to exactly offset the changes in the carrying
value of the guarantees due to, among other things, the time lag between changes in their values
and corresponding changes in the hedge positions, high levels of volatility in the equity markets
and derivatives markets, extreme swings in interest rates, contract holder behavior different than
expected and divergence between the performance of the underlying funds and hedging indices. For
example, for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, we experienced a breakage on our
guaranteed living benefits net derivatives results of $51 million and $(136) million, pre-DAC,
pre-tax. Breakage is defined as the difference between the change in the value of the liabilities,
excluding the amount related to the non-performance risk component, and the change in the fair
value of the derivatives. The non-performance risk factor is required under SFAS 157, which
requires us to consider our own credit standing, which is not hedged, in the valuation of certain
of these liabilities. A decrease in our own credit spread could cause the value of these
liabilities to increase, resulting in a reduction to net income. Conversely, an increase in our
own credit spread could cause the value of these liabilities to decrease, resulting in an increase
to net income. See “Realized Gain (Loss)” in the MD&A for further discussion.

In addition, we remain liable for the guaranteed benefits in the event that derivative
counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay, and we are also subject to the risk that the cost of
hedging these guaranteed benefits increases, resulting in a reduction to net income. These,
individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on net income, financial condition
or liquidity.

Changes in interest rates may cause interest rate spreads to decrease and may result in increased
contract withdrawals.

Because the profitability of our fixed annuity and interest-sensitive whole life, UL and fixed
portion of VUL insurance business depends in part on interest rate spreads, interest rate
fluctuations could negatively affect our profitability. Changes in interest rates may reduce both
our profitability from spread businesses and our return on invested capital. Some of our products,
principally fixed annuities, interest-sensitive whole life, UL and the fixed portion of VUL
insurance, have interest rate guarantees that expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates
will reduce our “spread,” or the difference between the amounts that we are required to pay under
the contracts and the amounts we are able to earn on our general account investments intended to
support our obligations under the contracts. Declines in our spread or instances where the returns
on our general account investments are not enough to support the interest rate guarantees on these
products could have a material adverse effect on our businesses or results of operations.

In periods of increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace the assets in our general
account with higher yielding assets needed to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to keep our
interest-sensitive products competitive. We therefore may have to accept a lower spread and thus
lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related
assets. In periods of declining interest rates, we have to reinvest the cash we receive as
interest or return of principal on our investments in lower yielding instruments then available.
Moreover, borrowers may prepay fixed-income securities, commercial mortgages and mortgage-backed
securities in our general account in order to borrow at lower market rates, which exacerbates this
risk. Because we are entitled to reset the interest rates on our fixed rate annuities only at
limited, pre-established intervals, and since many of our contracts have guaranteed minimum
interest or crediting rates, our spreads could decrease and potentially become negative.
Increases in interest rates may cause increased surrenders and withdrawals of insurance products.
In periods of increasing interest rates, policy loans and surrenders and withdrawals of life
insurance policies and annuity contracts may increase as contract holders seek to buy products with
perceived higher returns. This process may lead to a flow of cash out of our businesses. These
outflows may require investment assets to be sold at a time when the prices of those assets are
lower because of the increase in market interest rates, which may result in realized investment
losses. A sudden demand among consumers to change product types or withdraw funds could lead us to
sell assets at a loss to meet the demand for funds.

Our requirements to post collateral or make payments related to declines in market value of
specified assets may adversely affect our liquidity and expose us to counterparty credit risk.

Many of our transactions with financial and other institutions, including settling futures
positions, specify the circumstances under which the parties are required to post collateral. The
amount of collateral we may be required to post under these agreements may increase under certain
circumstances, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, under the terms of some of
our transactions, we may be required to make payment to our counterparties related to any decline
in the market value of the specified assets.

32

Table of Contents

Losses due to defaults by others could reduce our profitability or negatively affect the value of
our investments.

Third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform their
obligations. These parties include the issuers whose securities we hold, borrowers under the
mortgage loans we make, customers, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other
derivative contracts, reinsurers and other financial intermediaries. These parties may default on
their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real
estate values, operational failure, corporate governance issues or other reasons. A further
downturn in the U.S. and other economies could result in increased impairments.

Defaults on our mortgage loans and volatility in performance may adversely affect our
profitability.

Our mortgage loans face default risk and are principally collateralized by commercial properties.
Mortgage loans are stated on our balance sheet at unpaid principal balance, adjusted for any
unamortized premium or discount, deferred fees or expenses, and are net of valuation allowances.
We establish valuation allowances for estimated impairments as of the balance sheet date based on
information, such as the market value of the underlying real estate securing the loan, any third
party guarantees on the loan balance or any cross collateral agreements and their impact on
expected recovery rates. As of December 31, 2008, no loans were in default for our mortgage loan
investments. The performance of our mortgage loan investments, however, may fluctuate in the
future. In addition, some of our mortgage loan investments have balloon payment maturities. An
increase in the default rate of our mortgage loan investments could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Further, any geographic or sector exposure in our mortgage loans may have adverse effects on our
investment portfolios and consequently on our consolidated results of operations or financial
condition. While we seek to mitigate this risk by having a broadly diversified portfolio, events
or developments that have a negative effect on any particular geographic region or sector may have
a greater adverse effect on the investment portfolios to the extent that the portfolios are
exposed.

Our investments are reflected within our consolidated financial statements utilizing different
accounting bases, and, accordingly, we may not have recognized differences, which may be
significant, between cost and fair value in our consolidated financial statements.

Our principal investments are in fixed maturity and equity securities, mortgage loans on real
estate, policy loans, short-term investments, derivative instruments, limited partnerships and
other invested assets. The carrying value of such investments is as follows:

 •

Fixed maturity and equity securities are classified as available-for-sale, except for those
designated as trading securities, and are reported at their estimated fair value. The
difference between the estimated fair value and amortized cost of such securities (i.e.
unrealized investment gains and losses) are recorded as a separate component of other
comprehensive income or loss, net of adjustments to DAC, policyholder related amounts and
deferred income taxes;

 •

Fixed maturity and equity securities designated as trading securities, which support
certain reinsurance arrangements, are recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair
value recognized in realized gain (loss). However, offsetting the changes to fair value of
the trading securities are corresponding changes in the fair value of the embedded derivative
liability associated with the underlying reinsurance arrangement. In other words, the
investment results for the trading securities, including gains and losses from sales, are
passed directly to the reinsurers through the contractual terms of the reinsurance
arrangements;

 •

Short-term investments include investments with remaining maturities of one year or less,
but greater than three months, at the time of acquisition and are stated at amortized cost,
which approximates fair value;

 •

Mortgage loans are stated at unpaid principal balance, adjusted for any unamortized premium
or discount, deferred fees or expenses, net of valuation allowances;

 •

Policy loans are stated at unpaid principal balances;

 •

Real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests are carried using the
equity method of accounting; and

 •

Other invested assets consist principally of derivatives with positive fair values.
Derivatives are carried at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in income from
non-qualifying derivatives and derivatives in fair value hedging relationships. Derivatives
in cash flow hedging relationships are reflected as a separate component of other
comprehensive income or loss.

Investments not carried at fair value in our consolidated financial statements — principally,
mortgage loans, policy loans and real estate — may have fair values which are substantially higher
or lower than the carrying value reflected in our consolidated financial statements. In addition,
unrealized losses are not reflected in net income unless we realize the losses by either selling
the security at below amortized cost or determine that the decline in fair value is deemed to be
other-than-temporary (i.e. impaired). Each of such asset classes is regularly evaluated for
impairment under the accounting guidance appropriate to the respective asset class.

33

Table of Contents

Our valuation of fixed maturity, equity and trading securities may include methodologies,
estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in
changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our results of operations or
financial condition.

Fixed maturity, equity and trading securities and short-term investments, which are reported at
fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, represented the majority of our total cash and
invested assets. Pursuant to SFAS 157, we have categorized these securities into a three-level
hierarchy, based on the priority of the inputs to the respective valuation technique. The fair
value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3).

The determination of fair values in the absence of quoted market prices is based on: valuation
methodologies; securities we deem to be comparable; and assumptions deemed appropriate given the
circumstances. The fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on available
market information and judgments about financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and
amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer or counterparty.
Factors considered in estimating fair value include coupon rate, maturity, estimated duration, call
provisions, sinking fund requirements, credit rating, industry sector of the issuer and quoted
market prices of comparable securities. The use of different methodologies and assumptions may
have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.

During periods of market disruption, including periods of significantly increasing/decreasing or
high/low interest rates, rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to
value certain of our securities, if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less
observable. There may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant
observable data that become illiquid due to the current financial environment. In such cases, more
securities may fall to Level 3 and thus require more subjectivity and management judgment. As
such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater
estimation, as well as valuation methods which are more sophisticated or require greater
estimation, thereby resulting in values which may be less than the value at which the investments
may be ultimately sold. Further, rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market
conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated
financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases
in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

See Note 2 for further information about SFAS 157.

Some of our investments are relatively illiquid and are in asset classes that have been
experiencing significant market valuation fluctuations.

We hold certain investments that may lack liquidity, such as privately placed fixed maturity
securities, mortgage loans, policy loans and other limited partnership interests. These asset
classes represented 25% of the carrying value of our total cash and invested assets as of December
31, 2008. Even some of our very high quality assets have been more illiquid as a result of the
recent challenging market conditions.

If we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of normal cash requirements or
are required to post or return collateral in connection with our investment portfolio, derivatives
transactions or securities lending activities, we may have difficulty selling these investments in
a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize,
or both.

The reported value of our relatively illiquid types of investments, our investments in the asset
classes described in the paragraph above and, at times, our high quality, generally liquid asset
classes, do not necessarily reflect the lowest current market price for the asset. If we were
forced to sell certain of our assets in the current market, there can be no assurance that we would
be able to sell them for the prices at which we have recorded them and we might be forced to sell
them at significantly lower prices.

We invest a portion of our invested assets in investment funds, many of which make private equity
investments. The amount and timing of income from such investment funds tends to be uneven as a
result of the performance of the underlying investments, including private equity investments. The
timing of distributions from the funds, which depends on particular events relating to the
underlying investments, as well as the funds’ schedules for making distributions and their needs
for cash, can be difficult to predict. As a result, the amount of income that we record from these
investments can vary substantially from quarter to quarter. Recent equity and credit market
volatility may reduce investment income for these types of investments.

In addition, other external factors may cause a drop in value of investments, such as ratings
downgrades on asset classes. For example, Congress has proposed legislation to amends the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code to permit bankruptcy courts to modify mortgages on primary residences, including an
ability to reduce outstanding mortgage balances. Such actions by bankruptcy courts may impact the
ratings and valuation of our residential mortgage-backed investment securities.

34

Table of Contents

The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our investments is highly
subjective and could materially impact our results of operations or financial position.

The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments varies by investment type and is
based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the
respective asset class. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new
information becomes available. Management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects changes
in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. There can be no
assurance that our management has accurately assessed the level of impairments taken and allowances
reflected in our financial statements. Furthermore, additional impairments may need to be taken or
allowances provided for in the future. Historical trends may not be indicative of future
impairments or allowances.

For example, the cost of our fixed maturity and equity securities is adjusted for impairments in
value deemed to be other-than-temporary in the period in which the determination is made. The
assessment of whether impairments have occurred is based on management’s case-by-case evaluation of
the underlying reasons for the decline in fair value. In evaluating whether a decline in value is
other-than-temporary, we consider several factors including, but not limited to: our ability and
intent to hold the security for a sufficient period of time to allow for a recovery in value; the
cause of the decline; fundamental analysis of the liquidity, business prospects and overall
financial condition of the issuer; and severity of the decline in value.

Additionally, our management considers a wide range of factors about the security issuer and uses
its best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the
security and in assessing the prospects for recovery. Inherent in management’s evaluation of the
security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings
potential. Another key factor in whether determining an “other-than-temporary impairment” has
occurred is our intent or ability to hold to recovery or maturity. In the event that we determine
that we do not have the intent or ability to hold to recovery or maturity, we are required to write
down the security. A write-down is necessary even in situations where the unrealized loss is not
due to an underlying credit issue, but may be solely related to the impact of changes in interest
rates on the fair value of the security. Where such analysis results in a conclusion that declines
in fair values are other-than-temporary, the security is written down to fair value.

Our gross unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale as of December 31, 2008, were $7.5
billion, pre-tax, and the component of gross unrealized losses for securities with a decline of 20%
or more for at least six months was $5.0 billion, pre-tax. Related to our unrealized losses, we
establish deferred tax assets for the tax benefit we may receive in the event that losses are
realized. The realization of significant realized losses could result in an inability to recover
the tax benefits and may result in the establishment of valuation allowances against our deferred
tax assets. Realized losses or impairments may have a material adverse impact on our results of
operation and financial position.

We will be required to pay interest on our capital securities with proceeds from the issuance of
qualifying securities if we fail to achieve capital adequacy or net income and stockholders’ equity
levels.

We have approximately $1.6 billion in principal amount of capital securities outstanding. All of
the capital securities contain covenants that require us to make interest payments in accordance
with an alternative coupon satisfaction mechanism (“ACSM”) if we determine that one of the
following triggers exists as of the 30th day prior to an interest payment date
(“determination date”):

 1.

LNL’s RBC ratio is less than 175% (based on the most
recent annual financial statement filed with the State of Indiana); or

 2.

(i) The sum of our consolidated net income for the four trailing fiscal quarters ending on
the quarter that is two quarters prior to the most recently completed quarter prior to the
determination date is zero or negative, and (ii) our consolidated stockholders’ equity
(excluding accumulated other comprehensive income and any increase in stockholders’ equity
resulting from the issuance of preferred stock during a quarter) (“adjusted stockholders’
equity”) as of (x) the most recently completed quarter and (y) the end of the quarter that is
two quarters before the most recently completed quarter, has declined by 10% or more as
compared to the quarter that is ten fiscal quarters prior to the last completed quarter (the
“benchmark quarter”).

The ACSM would generally require us to use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy our
obligation to pay interest in full on the capital securities with the net proceeds from sales of
our common stock and warrants to purchase our common stock with an exercise price greater than the
market price. We would have to utilize the ACSM until the trigger events above no longer existed,
and, in the case of test 2 above, our adjusted stockholders’ equity amount has increased or has
declined by less than 10% as compared to the adjusted stockholders’ equity at the end of the
benchmark quarter for each interest payment date as to which interest payment restrictions were
imposed by test 2 above.

35

Table of Contents

As a result of our net loss of $505 million in the quarter ended December 31, 2008, if we have net
income of $232 million or less for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, we would trigger test 2(i)
above with respect to the quarter ended September 30, 2009. If our adjusted stockholders’ equity
at each of the quarters ended March 31 and September 30, 2009, as compared to the benchmark quarter
(March 31, 2007) declines by 10% or more, we would trigger tests 2(ii)(x) and (y) above. In such a
case, we would trigger the ACSM for at least our interest payments on November 17, 2009, of $28
million and January 20, 2010, of $5 million.

If we were required to utilize the ACSM and were successful in selling sufficient common shares or
warrants to satisfy the interest payment, we would dilute the current holders of our common stock.
Furthermore, while a trigger event is occurring and if we do not pay accrued interest in full, we
may not, among other things, pay dividends on or repurchase our capital stock. Our failure to pay
interest pursuant to the ACSM will not result in an event of default with respect to the capital
securities, nor will a nonpayment of interest, unless it lasts for ten consecutive years, although
such breaches may result in monetary damages to the holders of the capital securities.

The calculations of RBC, net income (loss) and adjusted stockholders’ equity are subject to
adjustments and the capital securities are subject to additional terms and conditions as further
described in supplemental indentures filed as exhibits to our Forms 8-K filed on March 13, 2007,
May 17, 2006, and April 20, 2006.

A decrease in the capital and surplus of our insurance subsidiaries may result in a downgrade to
our credit and insurer financial strength ratings.

In any particular year, statutory surplus amounts and RBC ratios may increase or decrease depending
on a variety of factors — the amount of statutory income or losses generated by our insurance
subsidiaries (which itself is sensitive to equity market and credit market conditions), the amount
of additional capital our insurance subsidiaries must hold to support business growth, changes in
reserving requirements, such as VACARVM and principles based reserving, our inability to secure
capital market solutions to provide reserve relief, such as issuing letters of credit to support
captive reinsurance structures, changes in equity market levels, the value of certain fixed-income
and equity securities in our investment portfolio, the value of certain derivative instruments that
do not get hedge accounting, changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well
as changes to the NAIC RBC formulas. The RBC ratio is also affected by the product mix of the
in-force book of business (i.e. the amount of business without guarantees is not subject to the
same level of reserves as the business with guarantees). Most of these factors are outside of our
control. Our credit and insurer financial strength ratings are significantly influenced by the
statutory surplus amounts and RBC ratios of our insurance company subsidiaries. The RBC ratio of
LNL is an important factor in the determination of the credit and financial strength ratings of LNC
and its subsidiaries. In addition, rating agencies may implement changes to their internal models
that have the effect of increasing or decreasing the amount of statutory capital we must hold in
order to maintain our current ratings. In addition, in extreme scenarios of equity market
declines, the amount of additional statutory reserves that we are required to hold for our variable
annuity guarantees may increase at a rate greater than the rate of change of the markets.
Increases in reserves reduce the statutory surplus used in calculating our RBC ratios. To the
extent that our statutory capital resources are deemed to be insufficient to maintain a particular
rating by one or more rating agencies, we may seek to raise additional capital through public or
private equity or debt financing, which may be on terms not as favorable as in the past.
Alternatively, if we were not to raise additional capital in such a scenario, either at our
discretion or because we were unable to do so, our financial strength and credit ratings might be
downgraded by one or more rating agencies. For more information on risks regarding our ratings,
see “A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could limit our ability to market
products, increase the number or value of policies being surrendered and/or hurt our relationships
with creditors” below.

A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could limit our ability to market products,
increase the number or value of policies being surrendered and/or hurt our relationships with
creditors.

Nationally recognized rating agencies rate the financial strength of our principal insurance
subsidiaries and rate our debt. Ratings are not recommendations to buy our securities. Each of
the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically, and our current ratings may not be maintained
in the future. In late September and early October of 2008, A.M. Best, Fitch, Moody’s and S&P each
revised their outlook for the U.S. life insurance sector from stable to negative. We believe that
the rating agencies may heighten the level of scrutiny that they apply to such institutions, may
increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, may request additional information from
the companies that they rate and may adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in
the rating agency models for maintenance of certain ratings levels. In addition, actions we take
to access third-party financing may in turn cause rating agencies to reevaluate our ratings.

Our financial strength ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet contract holder
obligations, are an important factor affecting public confidence in most of our products and, as a
result, our competitiveness. A downgrade of the financial strength rating of one of our principal
insurance subsidiaries could affect our competitive position in the insurance industry by making it
more difficult for us to market our products as potential customers may select companies with
higher financial strength ratings and by leading to increased withdrawals by current customers
seeking companies with higher financial strength ratings.

36

Table of Contents

This could lead to a decrease in fees as net outflows of assets increase, and therefore, result in
lower fee income. Furthermore, sales of assets to meet customer withdrawal demands could also
result in losses, depending on market conditions. The interest rates we pay on our borrowings are
largely dependent on our credit ratings. The recent downgrades and future downgrades of our debt
ratings could affect our ability to raise additional debt, including bank lines of credit, with
terms and conditions similar to our current debt, and accordingly, likely increase our cost of
capital. In addition, the recent downgrades and future downgrades of these ratings could make it
more difficult to raise capital to refinance any maturing debt obligations, to support business
growth at our insurance subsidiaries and to maintain or improve the current financial strength
ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries. Additional future downgrades of one or more of
our ratings have become more likely as several of the ratings agencies have negative outlooks on
our credit and insurer financial strength ratings. See “Item 1. Business — Ratings” for a complete
description of our ratings and ratings outlook.

As a
result of S&Pֹs recent downgrade of LNC’s short-term
credit rating to A-2, we are not currently eligible to issue new
commerical paper under the Federal Reserve’s Commercial Paper
Funding Facility (“CPFF”), which we believe will make it
more expensive to sell additional commercial paper, and it may make
it more likely that we will have to utilize other sources of liquidity, including our credit facilities, for liquidity purposes.
Prior to the downgrade, we were eligible to sell up to a
maximum of $575 million to the CPFF. See “Review of Consolidated Financial Condition -
Liquidity and Capital Resources — Sources of Liquidity and Cash Flow — Alternative Sources of
Liquidity” in the MD&A for more information regarding our participation in the CPFF.

Certain blocks of our insurance business purchased from third-party insurers under indemnity
reinsurance agreements may require us to place assets in trust, secure letters of credit or return
the business, if the financial strength ratings and/or capital ratios of certain insurance
subsidiaries are not maintained at specified levels.

Under certain indemnity reinsurance agreements, one of our insurance subsidiaries, LLANY, provides
100% indemnity reinsurance for the business assumed, however, the third-party insurer (the
“cedent”) remains primarily liable on the underlying insurance business. Under these types of
agreements, at December 31, 2008, we held statutory reserves of approximately $3.5 billion. These
indemnity reinsurance arrangements require that our subsidiary, as the reinsurer, maintain certain
insurer financial strength ratings and capital ratios. If these ratings or capital ratios are not
maintained, depending upon the reinsurance agreement, the cedent may recapture the business, or
require us to place assets in trust or provide letters of credit at least equal to the relevant
statutory reserves. Under the largest indemnity reinsurance arrangement, we held approximately
$2.4 billion of statutory reserves at December 31, 2008. LLANY must maintain an A.M. Best
financial strength rating of at least B+, an S&P financial strength rating of at least BB+ and a
Moody’s financial strength rating of at least Ba1, as well as maintain a RBC ratio of at least 160%
or an S&P capital adequacy ratio of 100%, or the cedent may recapture the business. Under two
other arrangements, by which we established approximately $1 billion of statutory reserves, LLANY
must maintain an A.M. Best financial strength rating of at least B++, an S&P financial strength
rating of at least BBB- and a Moody’s financial strength rating of at least Baa3. One of these
arrangements also requires LLANY to maintain an RBC ratio of at least 185% or an S&P capital
adequacy ratio of 115%. Each of these arrangements may require LLANY to place assets in trust
equal to the relevant statutory reserves. As of December 31, 2008, LLANY’s RBC ratio exceeded
500%. See “Item 1. Business — Ratings” for a complete description of LLANY’s ratings.

If the cedent recaptured the business, LLANY would be required to release reserves and transfer
assets to the cedent. Such a recapture could adversely impact our future profits. Alternatively,
if LLANY established a security trust for the cedent, the ability to transfer assets out of the
trust could be severely restricted, thus negatively impacting our liquidity.

Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability.

Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive supervision and regulation in the states in
which we do business. The supervision and regulation relate to numerous aspects of our business
and financial condition. The primary purpose of the supervision and regulation is the protection
of our insurance contract holders, and not our investors. The extent of regulation varies, but
generally is governed by state statutes. These statutes delegate regulatory, supervisory and
administrative authority to state insurance departments. This system of supervision and regulation
covers, among other things:

 •

Standards of minimum capital requirements and solvency, including RBC measurements;

 •

Restrictions of certain transactions between our insurance subsidiaries and their
affiliates;

 •

Restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments;

 •

Restrictions on the types of terms and conditions that we can include in the insurance
policies offered by our primary insurance operations;

 •

Limitations on the amount of dividends that insurance subsidiaries can pay;

 •

The existence and licensing status of the company under circumstances where it is not
writing new or renewal business;

 •

Certain required methods of accounting;

 •

Reserves for unearned premiums, losses and other purposes; and

 •

Assignment of residual market business and potential assessments for the provision of funds
necessary for the settlement of covered claims under certain policies provided by impaired,
insolvent or failed insurance companies.

37

Table of Contents

We may be unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals and our business may not fully
comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant authority’s
interpretation of the laws and regulations, which may change from time to time. Also, regulatory
authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. If
we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory
requirements, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from
carrying on some or all of our activities or impose substantial fines. Further, insurance
regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to issue orders of supervision, which
permit such authorities to supervise the business and operations of an insurance company. As of
December 31, 2008, no state insurance regulatory authority had imposed on us any substantial fines
or revoked or suspended any of our licenses to conduct insurance business in any state or issued an
order of supervision with respect to our insurance subsidiaries, which would have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

In addition, Lincoln Financial Network and Lincoln Financial Distributors, as well as our variable
annuities and variable life insurance products, are subject to regulation and supervision by the
SEC and the FINRA. Our Investment Management segment is subject to regulation and supervision by
the SEC, the FINRA, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, the Pennsylvania Department of
Banking and jurisdictions of the states, territories and foreign countries in which they are
licensed to do business. Lincoln UK is subject to regulation by the FSA in the U.K. LNC, as a
savings and loan holding company and Newton County Loan and Savings, FSB, are subject to regulation
and supervision by the Office of Thrift Supervision. These laws and regulations generally grant
supervisory agencies and self-regulatory organizations broad administrative powers, including the
power to limit or restrict the subsidiaries from carrying on their businesses in the event that
they fail to comply with such laws and regulations. Finally, our radio operations require a
license, subject to periodic renewal, from the Federal Communications Commission to operate. While
management considers the likelihood of a failure to renew remote, any station that fails to receive
renewal would be forced to cease operations.

Many of the foregoing regulatory or governmental bodies have the authority to review our products
and business practices and those of our agents and employees. In recent years, there has been
increased scrutiny of our businesses by these bodies, which has included more extensive
examinations, regular “sweep” inquiries and more detailed review of disclosure documents. These
regulatory or governmental bodies may bring regulatory or other legal actions against us if, in
their view, our practices, or those of our agents or employees, are improper. These actions can
result in substantial fines, penalties or prohibitions or restrictions on our business activities
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
condition.

Attempts to mitigate the impact of Regulation XXX and Actuarial Guideline 38 may fail in whole or
in part resulting in an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

The Model Regulation entitled “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies,” commonly known as “Regulation
XXX” or “XXX,” requires insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance
policies with long-term premium guarantees and UL policies with secondary guarantees. In addition,
Actuarial Guideline 38 (“AG38”) clarifies the application of XXX with respect to certain UL
insurance policies with secondary guarantees. Virtually all of our newly issued term and the great
majority of our newly issued UL insurance products are now affected by XXX and AG38.

As a result of this regulation, we have established higher statutory reserves for term and UL
insurance products and changed our premium rates for term life insurance products. We also have
implemented reinsurance and capital management actions to mitigate the capital impact of XXX and
AG38, including the use of letters of credit to support the reinsurance provided by a captive
reinsurance subsidiary. However, we cannot provide assurance that there will not be regulatory,
rating agency or other challenges to the actions we have taken to date. The result of those
potential challenges could require us to increase statutory reserves or incur higher operating
and/or tax costs. Any change to or repeal of XXX or AG38 could reduce the competitive advantage of
our reinsurance and capital management actions and could adversely affect our market position in
the life insurance market. In addition, as a result of current capital market conditions and
disruption in the credit markets, our ability to secure additional letters of credit or to secure
them at current costs may impact the profitability of term and UL insurance products. See “Part II
- Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations —
Liquidity and Capital Resources — Sources of Liquidity and Cash Flow — Subsidiaries” for a further
discussion of our capital management in connection with XXX.

38

Table of Contents

In light of the current downturn in the credit markets and the increased spreads on asset-backed
debt securities, we also cannot provide assurance that we will be able to continue to implement
actions to mitigate the impact of XXX or AG38 on future sales of term and UL insurance products.
If we are unable to continue to implement those actions, we may be required to increase
statutory reserves, incur higher operating costs and lower returns on products sold than we
currently anticipate or reduce our sales of these products. We also may have to implement measures
that may be disruptive to our business. For example, because term and UL insurance are
particularly price-sensitive products, any increase in premiums charged on these products in order
to compensate us for the increased statutory reserve requirements or higher costs of reinsurance
may result in a significant loss of volume and adversely affect our life insurance operations.

A drop in the rankings of the mutual funds that we manage, as well as a loss of key portfolio
managers, could result in lower advisory fees.

While mutual funds are not rated, per se, many industry periodicals and services, such as Lipper,
provide rankings of mutual fund performance. These rankings often have an impact on the decisions
of customers regarding which mutual funds to invest in. If the rankings of the mutual funds for
which we provide advisory services decrease materially, the funds’ assets may decrease as customers
leave for funds with higher performance rankings. Similarly, a loss of our key portfolio managers
who manage mutual fund investments could result in poorer fund performance, as well as customers
leaving these mutual funds for new mutual funds managed by the portfolio managers. Any loss of
fund assets would decrease the advisory fees that we earn from such mutual funds, which are
generally tied to the amount of fund assets and performance. This would have an adverse effect on
our results of operations.

Changes in accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other
standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our financial statements.

Our financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP, which is periodically revised
and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting
standards or guidance issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting
Standards Board. It is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could
change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and
that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.

Legal and regulatory actions are inherent in our businesses and could result in financial losses or
harm our businesses.

We are, and in the future may be, subject to legal actions in the ordinary course of our insurance
and investment management operations, both domestically and internationally. Pending legal actions
include proceedings relating to aspects of our businesses and operations that are specific to us
and proceedings that are typical of the businesses in which we operate. Some of these proceedings
have been brought on behalf of various alleged classes of complainants. In certain of these
matters, the plaintiffs are seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or
exemplary damages. Substantial legal liability in these or future legal or regulatory actions
could have a material financial effect or cause significant harm to our reputation, which in turn
could materially harm our business prospects. For more information on pending material legal
proceedings, see “Regulatory and Litigation Matters” in Note 14 for a description of our reportable
litigation.

Changes in U.S. federal income tax law could increase our tax costs.

Changes to the Internal Revenue Code, administrative rulings or court decisions could increase our
effective tax rate and lower our net income. In this regard, on August 16, 2007, the Internal
Revenue Service (“IRS”) issued a revenue ruling which purports, among other things, to modify the
calculation of separate account deduction for dividends received by life insurance companies.
Subsequently, the IRS issued another revenue ruling that suspended the August 16, 2007, ruling and
announced a new regulation project on the issue. Our income tax provision for the year ended
December 31, 2008, included a separate account dividend received deduction benefit of $81 million.

Our risk management policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated
risk, which could negatively affect our businesses or result in losses.

We have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and
expect to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, our policies and procedures to identify,
monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. Many of our methods of managing risk and
exposures are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior or statistics based on
historical models. As a result, these methods may not predict future exposures, which could be
significantly greater than the historical measures indicate, such as the risk of pandemics causing
a large number of deaths. Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information
regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters that is publicly available or
otherwise accessible to us, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly
evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things,
policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events,
and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective.

39

Table of Contents

We face a risk of non-collectibility of reinsurance, which could materially affect our results of
operations.

We follow the insurance practice of reinsuring with other insurance and reinsurance companies a
portion of the risks under the policies written by our insurance subsidiaries (known as ceding).
As of December 31, 2008, we have ceded approximately $347 billion of life insurance in force to
reinsurers for reinsurance protection. Although reinsurance does not discharge our subsidiaries
from their primary obligation to pay contract holders for losses insured under the policies we
issue, reinsurance does make the assuming reinsurer liable to the insurance subsidiaries for the
reinsured portion of the risk. As of December 31, 2008, we had $8.5 billion of reinsurance
receivables from reinsurers for paid and unpaid losses, for which they are obligated to reimburse
us under our reinsurance contracts. Of this amount, $4.5 billion relates to the sale of our
reinsurance business to Swiss Re in 2001 through an indemnity reinsurance agreement. Swiss Re has
funded a trust to support this business. The balance in the trust changes as a result of ongoing
reinsurance activity and was $1.9 billion as of December 31, 2008. In addition, should Swiss Re’s
financial strength ratings drop below either S&P AA- or A.M. Best A, or their NAIC RBC ratio fall
below 250%, assets equal to the reserves supporting business reinsured must be placed into a trust
according to pre-established asset quality guidelines. Furthermore, approximately $2.0 billion of
the Swiss Re treaties are funds withheld structures where we have a right of offset on assets
backing the reinsurance receivables.

Included in the business sold to Swiss Re through indemnity reinsurance in 2001 was disability
income business. See further discussion of this business in “Reinsurance” in the MD&A.

The balance of the reinsurance is due from a diverse group of reinsurers. The collectibility of
reinsurance is largely a function of the solvency of the individual reinsurers. We perform annual
credit reviews on our reinsurers, focusing on, among other things, financial capacity, stability,
trends and commitment to the reinsurance business. We also require assets in trust, letters of
credit or other acceptable collateral to support balances due from reinsurers not authorized to
transact business in the applicable jurisdictions. Despite these measures, a reinsurer’s
insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of a reinsurance contract,
especially Swiss Re, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition.

Significant adverse mortality experience may result in the loss of, or higher prices for,
reinsurance.

We reinsure a significant amount of the mortality risk on fully underwritten, newly issued,
individual life insurance contracts. We regularly review retention limits for continued
appropriateness and they may be changed in the future. If we were to experience adverse mortality
or morbidity experience, a significant portion of that would be reimbursed by our reinsurers.
Prolonged or severe adverse mortality or morbidity experience could result in increased reinsurance
costs, and ultimately, reinsurers not willing to offer coverage. If we are unable to maintain our
current level of reinsurance or purchase new reinsurance protection in amounts that we consider
sufficient, we would either have to be willing to accept an increase in our net exposures or revise
our pricing to reflect higher reinsurance premiums. If this were to occur, we may be exposed to
reduced profitability and cash flow strain or we may not be able to price new business at
competitive rates.

Catastrophes may adversely impact liabilities for contract holder claims and the availability of
reinsurance.

Our insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality, such as a pandemic, an
act of terrorism or other event that causes a large number of deaths or injuries. Significant
influenza pandemics have occurred three times in the last century, but the likelihood, timing or
severity of a future pandemic cannot be predicted. In our group insurance operations, a localized
event that affects the workplace of one or more of our group insurance customers could cause a
significant loss due to mortality or morbidity claims. These events could cause a material adverse
effect on our results of operations in any period and, depending on their severity, could also
materially and adversely affect our financial condition.

The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure
in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. Pandemics, hurricanes,
earthquakes and man-made catastrophes, including terrorism, may produce significant damage in
larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. Claims resulting from natural or
man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any
fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial
condition. Also, catastrophic events could harm the financial condition of our reinsurers and
thereby increase the probability of default on reinsurance recoveries. Accordingly, our ability to
write new business could also be affected.

Consistent with industry practice and accounting standards, we establish liabilities for claims
arising from a catastrophe only after assessing the probable losses arising from the event. We
cannot be certain that the liabilities we have established or applicable reinsurance will be
adequate to cover actual claim liabilities, and a catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic
events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

40

Table of Contents

We may be unable to attract and retain sales representatives and other employees and independent
contractors, particularly financial advisors.

We compete to attract and retain financial advisors, wholesalers, portfolio managers and other
employees and independent contractors, as well as independent distributors of our products.
Intense competition exists for persons and independent distributors with demonstrated ability. We
compete with other financial institutions primarily on the basis of our products, compensation,
support services and financial position. Sales in our businesses and our results of operations and
financial condition could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and
retaining financial advisors, wholesalers, portfolio managers and other employees, as well as
independent distributors of our products.

Our sales representatives are not captive and may sell products of our competitors.

We sell our annuity and life insurance products through independent sales representatives. These
representatives are not captive, which means they may also sell our competitors’ products. If our
competitors offer products that are more attractive than ours, or pay higher commission rates to
the sales representatives than we do, these representatives may concentrate their efforts in
selling our competitors’ products instead of ours.

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims.

We rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret
laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. Although we use a broad range of measures
to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our
intellectual property. We may have to litigate to enforce and protect our copyrights, trademarks,
patents, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which
represents a diversion of resources that may be significant in amount and may not prove successful.
The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce the protection
of our intellectual property assets could have a material adverse effect on our business and our
ability to compete.

We also may be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges our operations
or activities infringe upon another party’s intellectual property rights. Third parties may have,
or may eventually be issued, patents that could be infringed by our products, methods, processes or
services. Any party that holds such a patent could make a claim of infringement against us. We
may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark, trade secret or
license usage rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant
liability for damages. If we were found to have infringed a third-party patent or other
intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial liability, and in some circumstances could
be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or utilizing and
benefiting from certain methods, processes, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or
alternatively could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties, all
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Intense competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability.

Our businesses are intensely competitive. We compete based on a number of factors, including name
recognition, service, the quality of investment advice, investment performance, product features,
price, perceived financial strength and claims-paying and credit ratings. Our competitors include
insurers, broker-dealers, financial advisors, asset managers and other financial institutions. A
number of our business units face competitors that have greater market share, offer a broader range
of products or have higher financial strength or credit ratings than we do.

In recent years, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the
financial services industry resulting in increased competition from large, well-capitalized
financial services firms. Many of these firms also have been able to increase their distribution
systems through mergers or contractual arrangements. Furthermore, larger competitors may have
lower operating costs and an ability to absorb greater risk while maintaining their financial
strength ratings, thereby allowing them to price their products more competitively. We expect
consolidation to continue and perhaps accelerate in the future, thereby increasing competitive
pressure on us.

41

Table of Contents

Anti-takeover provisions could delay, deter or prevent our change in control, even if the change in
control would be beneficial to LNC shareholders.

We are an Indiana corporation subject to Indiana state law. Certain provisions of Indiana law
could interfere with or restrict takeover bids or other change in control events affecting us.
Also, provisions in our articles of incorporation, bylaws and other agreements to which we are a
party could delay, deter or prevent our change in control, even if a change in control would be
beneficial to shareholders. In addition, under Indiana law, directors may, in considering the best
interests of a corporation, consider the effects of any action on stockholders, employees,
suppliers and customers of the corporation and the communities in which offices and other
facilities are located, and other factors the directors consider pertinent. One statutory
provision prohibits, except under specified circumstances, LNC from engaging in any business
combination with any shareholder who owns 10% or more of our common stock (which shareholder, under
the statute, would be considered an “interested shareholder”) for a period of five years following
the time that such shareholder became an interested shareholder, unless such business combination
is approved by the board of directors prior to such person becoming an interested shareholder. In
addition, our articles of incorporation contain a provision requiring holders of at least
three-fourths of our voting shares then outstanding and entitled to vote at an election of
directors, voting together, to approve a transaction with an interested shareholder rather than the
simple majority required under Indiana law.

In addition to the anti-takeover provisions of Indiana law, there are other factors that may delay,
deter or prevent our change in control. As an insurance holding company, we are regulated as an
insurance holding company and are subject to the insurance holding company acts of the states in
which our insurance company subsidiaries are domiciled. The insurance holding company acts and
regulations restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company without
prior regulatory approval. Under those statutes and regulations, without such approval (or an
exemption), no person may acquire any voting security of a domestic insurance company, or an
insurance holding company which controls an insurance company, or merge with such a holding
company, if as a result of such transaction such person would “control” the insurance holding
company or insurance company. “Control” is generally defined as the direct or indirect power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person and is presumed to exist
if a person directly or indirectly owns or controls 10% or more of the voting securities of another
person. Similarly, as a result of its ownership of Newton County Loan & Savings, FSB, LNC is
considered to be a savings and loan holding company. Federal banking laws generally provide that
no person may acquire control of LNC, and gain indirect control of Newton County Loan & Savings,
FSB, without prior regulatory approval. Generally, beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the
voting securities of LNC would be presumed to constitute control.