You
should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our
securities.  The risks and uncertainties described below are not the
only ones facing our company.  Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our
business operations.  If any of these risks actually occur, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
affected.  In that case, the value of our securities could decline
substantially.

Adverse
capital and credit market conditions may affect our ability to meet liquidity
needs, access to capital and cost of capital.

The
capital and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption
for more than twelve months.  During this period, the markets exerted
downward pressure on availability of liquidity and credit capacity for certain
issuers.

We need
liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our debt and dividends on
our capital stock, to maintain our securities lending activities and to replace
certain maturing liabilities.  Without sufficient liquidity, we will
be forced to curtail our operations, and our business will suffer.  As
a holding company with no direct operations, our principal asset is the capital
stock of our insurance subsidiaries.  Our ability to meet our
obligations for payment of interest and principal on outstanding debt
obligations and to pay dividends to shareholders and corporate expenses depends
significantly upon the surplus and earnings of our subsidiaries and the ability
of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to
us.  Payments of dividends and advances or repayment of funds to us by
our insurance subsidiaries are restricted by the applicable laws and regulations
of their respective jurisdictions, including laws establishing minimum solvency
and liquidity thresholds.  Changes in these laws could constrain the
ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us
in sufficient amounts and at times necessary to meet our debt obligations and
corporate expenses.  For our insurance and other subsidiaries, the
principal sources of our liquidity are insurance premiums and fees, annuity
considerations and cash flow from our investment portfolio and assets,
consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily convertible into
cash.  At the holding company level, sources of liquidity in normal
markets also include a variety of short-term liquid investments and short- and
long-term instruments, including credit facilities, commercial paper and medium-
and long-term debt.

In the
event that current resources do not satisfy our needs, we may have to seek
additional financing.  The availability of additional financing will
depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general
availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall
availability of credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings
and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could
develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects if
we incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity
decreases due to a market downturn.  Similarly, our access to funds
may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative
actions against us.  See “Item 1. Business – Ratings” for a complete
description of our ratings.  Our internal sources of liquidity may
prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully
obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all.

Disruptions,
uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may also limit our
access to capital required to operate our business, most significantly our
insurance operations.  Such market conditions may limit our ability to
replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities; satisfy statutory capital
requirements; generate fee income and market-related revenue to meet liquidity
needs; and access the capital necessary to grow our business.  As
such, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue shorter term securities
than we prefer or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our
profitability and significantly reduce our financial
flexibility.  Recently, our credit spreads have shown considerable
volatility.  A widening of our credit spreads could increase the
interest rate we must pay on any new debt obligation we may
issue.  Our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and
statutory capital position could be materially adversely affected by disruptions
in the financial markets.

Difficult
conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally may
materially adversely affect our business and results of operations and we expect
any recovery to be slow.

Our
results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global
capital markets and the economy generally, both in the U.S. and elsewhere around
the world.  The stress experienced by global capital markets that
began in the second half of 2007, substantially increased during the second half
of 2008 and continued through the first part of 2009.  Concerns over
unemployment, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market and
a declining real estate market in the U.S. contributed to increased volatility
and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets going
forward.  These events and the reemergence of market upheavals may
have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment
portfolio and are also dependent upon customer behavior.  Our revenues
are likely to decline in such circumstances and our profit margins could
erode.  In addition, in the event of extreme prolonged market events,
such as the global credit crisis, we could incur significant
losses.  For example, for the year ended December 31, 2009, our
earnings were unfavorable affected by realized investment losses and impairments
of intangible assets of $1.1 billion.  Even in the absence of a market
downturn, we are exposed to substantial risk of loss due to market
volatility.

 26

Factors
such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the
volatility and strength of the capital markets and inflation all affect the
business and economic environment and, ultimately, the amount and profitability
of our business.  In an economic downturn characterized by higher
unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business
investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for our financial and
insurance products could be adversely affected.  In addition, we may
experience an elevated incidence of claims and lapses or surrenders of
policies.  Our contract holders may choose to defer paying insurance
premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether.  Adverse
changes in the economy could affect earnings negatively and could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Our
participation in the TARP CPP subjects us to additional restrictions, oversight
and costs, and has other potential consequences, which could materially affect
our business, results and prospects.

On July
10, 2009, in connection with the TARP CPP, we issued and sold to the U.S.
Treasury 950,000 shares of Series B preferred stock together with a related
warrant to purchase up to 13,049,451 shares of our common stock at an exercise
price of $10.92 per share, in accordance with the terms of the TARP CPP, for an
aggregate purchase price of $950 million.  Access to TARP CPP was an
important component of our strategy to enhance our capital position and
financial flexibility.  We believe that the amount of our
participation in the TARP CPP offers us the ability to exit the program, if
necessary, to manage the potential material consequences to our businesses from
the potential restrictions, oversight and costs of participation, which include
the following:

 ·

 Our
 acceptance of the TARP CPP funds could cause us to be perceived as having
 greater capital needs and weaker overall financial prospects than those of
 our competitors that have stated that they are not participating in the
 TARP CPP, which could adversely affect our competitive position and
 results;

 ·

 Receipt
 of the TARP CPP funds subjects us to restrictions, oversight and costs
 that may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of
 operations and the price of our common stock.  For example, the
 ARRA and recently promulgated regulations thereunder contain significant
 limitations on the amount and form of bonus, retention and other incentive
 compensation that participants in the TARP CPP may pay to executive
 officers and senior management.  These provisions may adversely
 affect our ability to attract and retain executive officers and other key
 personnel.  Other regulatory initiatives applicable to
 participants in federal funding programs may also be forthcoming as the
 U.S. Government continues to address dislocations in the financial
 markets.  Compliance with such current and potential regulation
 and scrutiny may significantly increase our costs, impede the efficiency
 of our internal business processes, require us to increase our regulatory
 capital and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities in an
 efficient manner;

 ·

 Future
 federal statutes may adversely affect the terms of the TARP CPP that are
 applicable to us and the Treasury Department may amend the terms of our
 agreement with them unilaterally if required by future statutes, including
 in a manner materially adverse to
us;

 ·

 Our
 participation in the TARP CPP imposes additional restrictions on our
 ability to increase our common stock dividend.  In particular,
 we would need to obtain the U.S. Treasury’s consent for any increase in
 our current quarterly dividend of $0.01 per share of our common stock, as
 well as any stock repurchase, until the third anniversary of such
 investment unless, prior to such third anniversary, we redeem all of the
 shares of Series B preferred stock issued to the U.S. Treasury or the U.S.
 Treasury transfers such preferred stock to third parties.  We
 are also unable to repurchase or redeem shares of our common stock or any
 series of preferred stock outstanding unless all accrued and unpaid
 dividends for all past dividend periods on the Series B preferred stock
 issued to the U.S. Treasury are fully paid;
and

 ·

 If
 we do not repurchase the warrant from the U.S. Treasury when we repay the
 investment, the U.S. Treasury will liquidate the warrant, which will
 dilute the ownership interest of our existing holders of common
 stock.

 27

If
our businesses do not perform well and/or their estimated fair values decline or
the price of our common stock does not increase, we may be required to recognize
an impairment of our goodwill or to establish a valuation allowance against the
deferred income tax asset, which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and financial condition.

Goodwill
represents the excess of the acquisition price incurred to acquire subsidiaries
and other businesses over the fair value of their net assets as of the date of
acquisition.  As of December 31, 2009, we had a total of $3.0 billion
of goodwill on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, of which $2.2 billion related to
our Insurance Solutions – Life Insurance segment and $440 million related to our
Retirement Solutions – Annuities segment.  We test goodwill at least
annually for indications of value impairment with consideration given to
financial performance and other relevant factors.  In addition,
certain events, including a significant and adverse change in legal factors or
the business climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator or
unanticipated competition, would cause us to review the carrying amounts of
goodwill for impairment.  Impairment testing is performed based upon
estimates of the fair value of the “reporting unit” to which the goodwill
relates.  The reporting unit is the operating segment or a business
one level below that operating segment if discrete financial information is
prepared and regularly reviewed by management at that level.  If the
implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill is lower than its carrying
amount, goodwill is impaired and written down to its fair value, and a charge is
reported in impairment of intangibles on our Consolidated Statements of Income
(Loss).  For the year ended December 31, 2009, we took total pre-tax
impairment charges of $680 million, primarily related to our annuities
business.

Subsequent
reviews of goodwill could result in additional impairment of goodwill during
2010, and such write downs could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial position, but will not affect the statutory capital
of our insurance subsidiaries.  For more information on goodwill, see
Note 10 and “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates – Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets” in the MD&A.

Deferred
income tax represents the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax
basis of assets and liabilities.  Deferred tax assets are assessed
periodically by management to determine if they are
realizable.  Factors in management’s determination include the
performance of the business, including the ability to generate capital gains
from a variety of sources and tax planning strategies.  If, based on
available information, it is more likely than not that the deferred income tax
asset will not be realized, then a valuation allowance must be established with
a corresponding charge to net income.  Such valuation allowance could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
position, but will not affect the statutory capital of our insurance
subsidiaries.

Because
we are a holding company with no direct operations, the inability of our
subsidiaries to pay dividends to us in sufficient amounts would harm our ability
to meet our obligations.

We are a
holding company and we have no direct operations.  Our principal asset
is the capital stock of our insurance subsidiaries.

At the
holding company level, sources of liquidity in normal markets include a variety
of short- and long-term instruments, including credit facilities, commercial
paper and medium- and long-term debt.  However, our ability to meet
our obligations for payment of interest and principal on outstanding debt
obligations and to pay dividends to shareholders, repurchase our securities and
pay corporate expenses depends primarily on the ability of our subsidiaries to
pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us.  Under Indiana laws
and regulations, our Indiana insurance subsidiaries, including LNL, our primary
insurance subsidiary, may pay dividends to us without prior approval of the
Commissioner up to a certain threshold, or must receive prior approval of the
Commissioner to pay a dividend if such dividend, along with all other dividends
paid within the preceding 12 consecutive months exceed the statutory
limitation.  The current Indiana statutory limitation is the greater
of 10% of the insurer’s contract holders’ surplus, as shown on its last annual
statement on file with the Commissioner or the insurer’s statutory net gain from
operations for the prior calendar year.

In
addition, payments of dividends and advances or repayment of funds to us by our
insurance subsidiaries are restricted by the applicable laws of their respective
jurisdictions requiring that our insurance subsidiaries hold a specified amount
of minimum reserves in order to meet future obligations on their outstanding
policies.  These regulations specify that the minimum reserves shall
be calculated to be sufficient to meet future obligations, after giving
consideration to future required premiums to be received, and are based on
certain specified mortality and morbidity tables, interest rates and methods of
valuation, which are subject to change.  In order to meet their
claims-paying obligations, our insurance subsidiaries regularly monitor their
reserves to ensure we hold sufficient amounts to cover actual or expected
contract and claims payments.  At times, we may determine that
reserves in excess of the minimum may be needed to ensure
sufficiency.

 28

Changes
in these laws can constrain the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or
to advance or repay funds to us in sufficient amounts and at times necessary to
meet our debt obligations and corporate expenses.  For example, in
September of 2008, the NAIC adopted a new statutory reserving standard for
variable annuities known as VACARVM, which was effective as of December 31,
2009.  This reserving requirement replaced the previous
statutory reserving practices for variable annuities with guaranteed benefits,
and any change in reserving practices has the potential to increase or
decrease statutory reserves from previous levels.  Requiring
our insurance subsidiaries to hold additional reserves has the potential to
constrain their ability to pay dividends to the holding company.

Investments
of our insurance subsidiaries support their statutory reserve
liabilities.  As of December 31, 2009, 67% of these investments were
available-for-sale (“AFS”) fixed maturity securities of various holdings, types
and maturities.  These investments are subject to general credit,
liquidity, market and interest rate risks.  Beginning in 2008 and
continuing into 2009, the capital and credit markets experienced an unusually
high degree of volatility.  As a result, the market for fixed income
securities has experienced illiquidity, increased price volatility, credit
downgrade events and increased expected probability of
default.  Securities that are less liquid are more difficult to value
and may be hard to sell, if desired.  These market disruptions have
led to increased impairments of securities in the general accounts of our
insurance subsidiaries, thereby reducing contract holders’ surplus.

The
earnings of our insurance subsidiaries also impact contract holders’
surplus.  Principal sources of earnings are insurance premiums and
fees, annuity considerations and income from our investment portfolio and
assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily convertible into
cash.  Recent economic conditions have resulted in lower earnings in
our insurance subsidiaries.  Lower earnings constrain the growth in
our insurance subsidiaries’ capital, and therefore, can constrain the payment of
dividends and advances or repayment of funds to us.

In
addition, the amount of surplus that our insurance subsidiaries could pay as
dividends is constrained by the amount of surplus they hold to maintain their
financial strength ratings, to provide an additional layer of margin for risk
protection and for future investment in our
businesses.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, we believe that our
insurance subsidiaries have sufficient liquidity to meet their contract holder
obligations and maintain their operations.

The
result of the difficult economic and market conditions in reducing the contract
holders’ surplus of our insurance subsidiaries has affected our ability to pay
shareholder dividends and to engage in share repurchases.  We have
taken actions to reduce the holding company’s liquidity needs, including
reducing our quarterly common dividend to $0.01 per share, as well as to
increase the capital of our insurance subsidiaries through our $690 million
common stock offering in June 2009 and participation in the TARP
CPP.  In the event that current resources do not satisfy our current
needs, we may have to seek additional financing, which may not be available or
only available with unfavorable terms and conditions.  For a further
discussion of liquidity, see “Review of Consolidated Financial Condition –
Liquidity and Capital Resources” in the MD&A.

The
difficulties faced by other financial institutions could adversely affect
us.

We have
exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute
transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other
institutions.  Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in
the event of default of our counterparty.  In addition, with respect
to secured transactions, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral
held by us cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to
recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to
it.  We also may have exposure to these financial institutions in the
form of unsecured debt instruments, derivative transactions and/or equity
investments.  There can be no assurance that any such losses or
impairments to the carrying value of these assets would not materially and
adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Furthermore,
we distribute a significant amount of our insurance, annuity and mutual fund
products through large financial institutions.  We believe that the
mergers of several of these entities, as well as the negative impact of the
markets on these entities, has disrupted and may lead to further disruption of
their businesses, which may have a negative effect on our production
levels.

Our
participation in a securities lending program and a reverse repurchase program
subjects us to potential liquidity and other risks.

We
participate in a securities lending program for our general account whereby
fixed income securities are loaned by our agent bank to third parties, primarily
major brokerage firms and commercial banks.  The borrowers of our
securities provide us with collateral, typically in cash, which we separately
maintain.  We invest such cash collateral in other securities,
primarily in commercial paper and money market or other short term
funds.  Securities with a fair value of $479 million were on loan
under the program as of December 31, 2009.  Securities loaned under
such transactions may be sold or repledged by the transferee.  We were
liable for cash collateral under our control of $501 million as of December 31,
2009.

 29

We
participate in a reverse repurchase program for our general account whereby we
sell fixed income securities to third parties, primarily major brokerage firms,
with a concurrent agreement to repurchase those same securities at a determined
future date.  The borrowers of our securities provide us with cash
collateral which is typically invested in fixed maturity
securities.  The fair value of securities pledged under reverse
repurchase agreements was $359 million as of December 31, 2009.

As of
December 31, 2009, substantially all of the securities on loan under the program
could be returned to us by the borrowers at any time.  Collateral
received under the reverse repurchase program cannot be returned prior to
maturity; however, market conditions on the repurchase date may limit our
ability to enter into new agreements.  The return of loaned securities
or our inability to enter into new reverse repurchase agreements would require
us to return the cash collateral associated with such securities.  In
addition, in some cases, the maturity of the securities held as invested
collateral (i.e., securities that we have purchased with cash received from the
third parties) may exceed the term of the related securities and the market
value may fall below the amount of cash received as collateral and
invested.  If we are required to return significant amounts of cash
collateral on short notice and we are forced to sell securities to meet the
return obligation, we may have difficulty selling such collateral that is
invested in securities in a timely manner, and we may be forced to sell
securities in a volatile or illiquid market for less than we otherwise would
have been able to realize under normal market conditions, or both.  In
addition, under stressful capital market and economic conditions, such as those
conditions we have experienced in the last twelve months, liquidity broadly
deteriorates, which may further restrict our ability to sell
securities.

Our
reserves for future policy benefits and claims related to our current and future
business as well as businesses we may acquire in the future may prove to be
inadequate.

We
establish and carry, as a liability, reserves based on estimates of how much we
will need to pay for future benefits and claims.  For our insurance
products, we calculate these reserves based on many assumptions and estimates,
including, but not limited to, estimated premiums we will receive over the
assumed life of the policy, the timing of the event covered by the insurance
policy, the lapse rate of the policies, the amount of benefits or claims to be
paid and the investment returns on the assets we purchase with the premiums we
receive.

As part
of our transition plan related to the rescission of a reinsurance treaty
covering disability income business, we conducted a reserve study to determine
the adequacy of the reserves to cover contract holder obligations during the
fourth quarter of 2009.  During the fourth quarter of 2009, we
increased reserves as a result of our review of the adequacy of reserves
supporting this business and wrote off certain receivables related to the
rescission that were deemed to be uncollectible, which resulted in a $33 million
unfavorable effect to net income.

The
sensitivity of our statutory reserves and surplus established for our variable
annuity base contracts and riders to changes in the equity markets will vary
depending on the magnitude of the decline.  The sensitivity will be
affected by the level of account values relative to the level of guaranteed
amounts, product design and reinsurance.  Statutory reserves for
variable annuities depend upon the cumulative equity market impacts on the
business in force, and therefore, result in non-linear relationships with
respect to the level of equity market performance within any reporting
period.

The
assumptions and estimates we use in connection with establishing and carrying
our reserves are inherently uncertain.  Accordingly, we cannot
determine with precision the ultimate amount or the timing of the payment of
actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy
liabilities will grow to the level we assume prior to payment of benefits or
claims.  If our actual experience is different from our assumptions or
estimates, our reserves may prove to be inadequate in relation to our estimated
future benefits and claims.

Because
the equity markets and other factors impact the profitability and expected
profitability of many of our products, changes in equity markets and other
factors may significantly affect our business and profitability.

The fee
revenue that we earn on equity-based variable annuities and VUL insurance
policies is based upon account values.  Because strong equity markets
result in higher account values, strong equity markets positively affect our net
income through increased fee revenue.  Conversely, a weakening of the
equity markets results in lower fee income and may have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and capital resources.

 30

The
increased fee revenue resulting from strong equity markets increases the
expected gross profits (“EGPs) from variable insurance products as do better
than expected lapses, mortality rates and expenses.  As a result,
higher EGPs may result in lower net amortized costs related to deferred
acquisition costs (“DAC”), deferred sales inducements (“DSI”), value of business
acquired (“VOBA”), DFEL and changes in future contract
benefits.  However, a decrease in the equity markets, as well as worse
than expected increases in lapses, mortality rates and expenses, depending upon
their significance, may result in higher net amortized costs associated with
DAC, DSI, VOBA, DFEL and changes in future contract benefits and may have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and capital
resources.  For example, in the fourth quarter of 2008, we reset our
baseline of account values from which EGPs are projected, which we refer to as
our “reversion to the mean” (“RTM”) process.  As a result of this and
the impact of the volatile capital market conditions on our annuity reserves, we
had a cumulative unfavorable prospective unlocking of $223 million,
after-tax.  If unfavorable economic conditions return, additional
unlocking of our RTM assumptions could be possible in future periods. 
However, if we were to have unlocked our RTM assumption in the corridor as of
December 31, 2009, we would have recorded a favorable prospective unlocking of
approximately $300 million, pre-tax, as a result of improved market conditions
in 2009.  For further information about our RTM process, see “Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates – DAC, VOBA, DSI and DFEL” in the
MD&A.

Changes
in the equity markets, interest rates and/or volatility affect the profitability
of our products with guaranteed benefits; therefore, such changes may have a
material adverse effect on our business and profitability.

Certain
of our variable annuity products include guaranteed benefit
riders.  These include GDB, GWB and GIB riders.  Our GWB,
GIB and 4LATER® (a form of GIB rider) features have elements of both insurance
benefits accounted for under the Financial Services – Insurance – Claim Costs
and Liabilities for Future Policy Benefits Subtopic of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards
Codification
TM
(“ASC”) (“benefit reserves”) and embedded derivatives accounted for under the
Derivatives and Hedging and the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topics
of the FASB ASC (“embedded derivative reserves”). The benefit reserves resulting
from a benefit ratio unlocking component are calculated in a manner consistent
with our GDB, as described below.  We calculate the value of the
embedded derivative reserve and the benefit reserves based on the specific
characteristics of each guaranteed living benefit feature.  The amount
of reserves related to GDB for variable annuities is tied to the difference
between the value of the underlying accounts and the GDB, calculated using a
benefit ratio approach.  The GDB reserves take into account the
present value of total expected GDB payments, the present value of total
expected GDB assessments over the life of the contract, claims paid to date and
assessments to date.  Reserves for our GIB and certain GWB with
lifetime benefits are based on a combination of fair value of the underlying
benefit and a benefit ratio approach that is based on the projected future
payments in excess of projected future account values.  The benefit
ratio approach takes into account the present value of total expected GIB
payments, the present value of total expected GIB assessments over the life of
the contract, claims paid to date and assessments to date.  The amount
of reserves related to those GWB that do not have lifetime benefits is based on
the fair value of the underlying benefit.

Both the
level of expected payments and expected total assessments used in calculating
the benefit ratio are affected by the equity markets.  The liabilities
related to fair value are impacted by changes in equity markets, interest rates
and volatility.  Accordingly, strong equity markets will decrease the
amount of reserves that we must carry, and strong equity markets, increases in
interest rates and decreases in volatility will generally decrease the reserves
calculated using fair value.  Conversely, a decrease in the equity
markets will increase the expected future payments used in the benefit ratio
approach, which has the effect of increasing the amount of
reserves.  Also, a decrease in the equity market along with a decrease
in interest rates and an increase in volatility will generally result in an
increase in the reserves calculated using fair value, which are the conditions
we have experienced recently.

Increases
in reserves would result in a charge to our earnings in the quarter in which the
increase occurs.  Therefore, we maintain a customized dynamic hedge
program that is designed to mitigate the risks associated with income volatility
around the change in reserves on guaranteed benefits.  However, the
hedge positions may not be effective to exactly offset the changes in the
carrying value of the guarantees due to, among other things, the time lag
between changes in their values and corresponding changes in the hedge
positions, high levels of volatility in the equity markets and derivatives
markets, extreme swings in interest rates, contract holder behavior different
than expected, a strategic decision to under- or over-hedge in reaction to
extreme market conditions or inconsistencies between economic and statutory
reserving guidelines and divergence between the performance of the underlying
funds and hedging indices.  For example, for the years ended December
31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, we experienced a breakage on our guaranteed living
benefits net derivatives results of $(137) million, $176 million and $(136)
million, respectively, pre-tax and before the associated amortization of DAC,
VOBA, DSI and DFEL and changes in other contract holder funds and funds withheld
reinsurance liabilities.  Breakage is defined as the difference
between the change in the value of the liabilities, excluding the amount related
to the non-performance risk component, and the change in the fair value of the
derivatives.  Breakage can be positive or negative.  The
non-performance risk factor is required under the Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures Topic of the FASB ASC, which requires us to consider our own credit
standing, which is not hedged, in the valuation of certain of these
liabilities.  A decrease in our own credit spread could cause the
value of these liabilities to increase, resulting in a reduction to net
income.  Conversely, an increase in our own credit spread could cause
the value of these liabilities to decrease, resulting in an increase to net
income.

 31

In
addition, we remain liable for the guaranteed benefits in the event that
derivative counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay, and we are also
subject to the risk that the cost of hedging these guaranteed benefits
increases, resulting in a reduction to net income.  These,
individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on net income,
financial condition or liquidity.

Changes
in interest rates may cause interest rate spreads to decrease and may result in
increased contract withdrawals.

Because
the profitability of our fixed annuity and interest-sensitive whole life, UL and
fixed portion of defined contribution and VUL insurance business depends in part
on interest rate spreads, interest rate fluctuations could negatively affect our
profitability.  Changes in interest rates may reduce both our
profitability from spread businesses and our return on invested
capital.  Some of our products, principally fixed annuities,
interest-sensitive whole life, UL and the fixed portion of VUL insurance, have
interest rate guarantees that expose us to the risk that changes in interest
rates will reduce our spread, or the difference between the amounts that we are
required to pay under the contracts and the amounts we are able to earn on our
general account investments intended to support our obligations under the
contracts.  Declines in our spread or instances where the returns on
our general account investments are not enough to support the interest rate
guarantees on these products could have a material adverse effect on our
businesses or results of operations.

In
periods of increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace the assets
in our general account with higher yielding assets needed to fund the higher
crediting rates necessary to keep our interest-sensitive products
competitive.  We therefore may have to accept a lower spread and thus
lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing
contracts and related assets.  In periods of declining interest rates,
we have to reinvest the cash we receive as interest or return of principal on
our investments in lower yielding instruments then
available.  Moreover, borrowers may prepay fixed-income securities,
commercial mortgages and mortgage-backed securities in our general account in
order to borrow at lower market rates, which exacerbates this
risk.  Because we are entitled to reset the interest rates on our
fixed rate annuities only at limited, pre-established intervals, and since many
of our contracts have guaranteed minimum interest or crediting rates, our
spreads could decrease and potentially become negative.  Increases in
interest rates may cause increased surrenders and withdrawals of insurance
products.  In periods of increasing interest rates, policy loans and
surrenders and withdrawals of life insurance policies and annuity contracts may
increase as contract holders seek to buy products with perceived higher
returns.  This process may lead to a flow of cash out of our
businesses.  These outflows may require investment assets to be sold
at a time when the prices of those assets are lower because of the increase in
market interest rates, which may result in realized investment
losses.  A sudden demand among consumers to change product types or
withdraw funds could lead us to sell assets at a loss to meet the demand for
funds.

Our
requirements to post collateral or make payments related to declines in market
value of specified assets may adversely affect our liquidity and expose us to
counterparty credit risk.

Many of
our transactions with financial and other institutions, including settling
futures positions, specify the circumstances under which the parties are
required to post collateral.  The amount of collateral we may be
required to post under these agreements may increase under certain
circumstances, which could adversely affect our liquidity.  In
addition, under the terms of some of our transactions, we may be required to
make payments to our counterparties related to any decline in the market value
of the specified assets.

Losses
due to defaults by others could reduce our profitability or negatively affect
the value of our investments.

Third
parties that owe us money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform
their obligations.  These parties include the issuers whose securities
we hold, borrowers under the mortgage loans we make, customers, trading
counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts,
reinsurers and other financial intermediaries.  These parties may
default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity,
downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure, corporate
governance issues or other reasons.  A further downturn in the U.S.
and other economies could result in increased impairments.

Defaults
on our mortgage loans and write downs of mortgage equity may adversely affect
our profitability.

Our
mortgage loans face default risk and are principally collateralized by
commercial properties.  Mortgage loans are stated on our balance sheet
at unpaid principal balance, adjusted for any unamortized premium or discount,
deferred fees or expenses, and are net of valuation allowances.  We
establish valuation allowances for estimated impairments as of the balance sheet
date based on information, such as the market value of the underlying real
estate securing the loan, any third party guarantees on the loan balance or any
cross collateral agreements and their impact on expected recovery
rates.  As of December 31, 2009, there were nine impaired mortgage
loans, or less than 1% of total mortgage loans, and eight commercial mortgage
loans that were two or more payments delinquent.  The performance of
our mortgage loan investments, however, may fluctuate in the
future.  In addition, some of our mortgage loan investments have
balloon payment maturities.  An increase in the default rate of our
mortgage loan investments could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

 32

Further,
any geographic or sector exposure in our mortgage loans may have adverse effects
on our investment portfolios and consequently on our consolidated results of
operations or financial condition.  While we seek to mitigate this
risk by having a broadly diversified portfolio, events or developments that have
a negative effect on any particular geographic region or sector may have a
greater adverse effect on the investment portfolios to the extent that the
portfolios are exposed.

For
information about our risk of write downs of mortgage equity, see “Consolidated
Investments – Standby Real Estate Equity Commitments” and “Review of
Consolidated Financial Condition – Liquidity and Capital Resources – Uses of
Capital” in the MD&A.

Our
investments are reflected within our consolidated financial statements utilizing
different accounting bases, and, accordingly, there may be significant
differences between cost and fair value that are not recorded in our
consolidated financial statements.

Our
principal investments are in fixed maturity and equity securities, mortgage
loans on real estate, policy loans, short-term investments, derivative
instruments, limited partnerships and other invested assets.  The
carrying value of such investments is as follows:

 ·

 Fixed
 maturity and equity securities are classified as AFS, except for those
 designated as trading securities, and are reported at their estimated fair
 value.  The difference between the estimated fair value and
 amortized cost of such securities (i.e., unrealized investment gains and
 losses) is recorded as a separate component of other comprehensive income
 (loss) (“OCI”), net of adjustments to DAC, contract holder related amounts
 and deferred income taxes;

 ·

 Fixed
 maturity and equity securities designated as trading securities, which in
 certain cases support reinsurance arrangements, are recorded at fair value
 with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in realized
 loss.  However, offsetting the changes to fair value of the
 trading securities are corresponding changes in the fair value of the
 embedded derivative liability associated with the underlying reinsurance
 arrangement.  In other words, the investment results for the
 trading securities, including gains and losses from sales, are passed
 directly to the reinsurers through the contractual terms of the
 reinsurance arrangements.  However, there are trading securities
 associated with the disability income business for which the reinsurance
 agreement with Swiss Re was rescinded, and therefore, we now retain the
 gains and losses on those
securities;

 ·

 Short-term
 investments include investments with remaining maturities of one year or
 less, but greater than three months, at the time of acquisition and are
 stated at amortized cost, which approximates fair
 value;

 ·

 Mortgage
 loans on real estate are carried at unpaid principal balances, adjusted
 for any unamortized premiums or discounts and deferred fees or expenses,
 net of valuation allowances;

 ·

 Policy
 loans are carried at unpaid principal
balances;

 ·

 Real
 estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests are carried
 using the equity method of accounting;
and

 ·

 Other
 invested assets consist principally of derivatives with positive fair
 values.  Derivatives are carried at fair value with changes in
 fair value reflected in income from non-qualifying derivatives and
 derivatives in fair value hedging relationships.  Derivatives in
 cash flow hedging relationships are reflected as a separate component of
 other comprehensive income or loss.

Investments
not carried at fair value on our consolidated financial statements, principally,
mortgage loans, policy loans and real estate, may have fair values which are
substantially higher or lower than the carrying value reflected on our
consolidated financial statements.  In addition, unrealized losses are
not reflected in net income unless we realize the losses by either selling the
security at below amortized cost or determine that the decline in fair value is
deemed to be other-than-temporary (i.e., impaired).  Each of such
asset classes is regularly evaluated for impairment under the accounting
guidance appropriate to the respective asset class.

Our
valuation of fixed maturity, equity and trading securities may include
methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing
interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may
materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial
condition.

Fixed
maturity, equity and trading securities and short-term investments, which are
reported at fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, represented the
majority of our total cash and invested assets.  Pursuant to the Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures Topics of the FASB ASC, we have categorized
these securities into a three-level hierarchy, based on the priority of the
inputs to the respective valuation technique.  The fair value
hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to
unobservable inputs (Level 3).

 33

The
determination of fair values in the absence of quoted market prices is based on
valuation methodologies, securities we deem to be comparable and assumptions
deemed appropriate given the circumstances.  The fair value estimates
are made at a specific point in time, based on available market information and
judgments about financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and
amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer or
counterparty.  Factors considered in estimating fair value include
coupon rate, maturity, estimated duration, call provisions, sinking fund
requirements, credit rating, industry sector of the issuer and quoted market
prices of comparable securities.  The use of different methodologies
and assumptions may have a material effect on the estimated fair value
amounts.

During
periods of market disruption, including periods of significantly
increasing/decreasing or high/low interest rates, rapidly widening credit
spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities
if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less
observable.  There may be certain asset classes that were in active
markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the current
financial environment.  In such cases, more securities may fall to
Level 3 and thus require more subjectivity and management
judgment.  As such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that
are less observable or require greater estimation, as well as valuation methods
which are more sophisticated or require greater estimation, thereby resulting in
values which may be less than the value at which the investments may be
ultimately sold.  Further, rapidly changing and unprecedented credit
and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities
as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the
period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly.  Decreases
in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or
financial condition.

Some
of our investments are relatively illiquid and are in asset classes that have
been experiencing significant market valuation fluctuations.

We hold
certain investments that may lack liquidity, such as privately placed fixed
maturity securities, mortgage loans, policy loans and other limited partnership
interests.  These asset classes represented 24% of the carrying value
of our total cash and invested assets as of December 31, 2009.  Even
some of our very high quality assets have been more illiquid as a result of the
recent challenging market conditions.

If we
require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of normal cash
requirements or are required to post or return collateral in connection with our
investment portfolio, derivatives transactions or securities lending activities,
we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner, be forced
to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or
both.

The
reported value of our relatively illiquid types of investments, our investments
in the asset classes described in the paragraph above and, at times, our high
quality, generally liquid asset classes, do not necessarily reflect the lowest
current market price for the asset.  If we were forced to sell certain
of our assets in the current market, there can be no assurance that we would be
able to sell them for the prices at which we have recorded them and we might be
forced to sell them at significantly lower prices.

We invest
a portion of our invested assets in investment funds, many of which make private
equity investments.  The amount and timing of income from such
investment funds tends to be uneven as a result of the performance of the
underlying investments, including private equity investments.  The
timing of distributions from the funds, which depends on particular events
relating to the underlying investments, as well as the funds’ schedules for
making distributions and their needs for cash, can be difficult to
predict.  As a result, the amount of income that we record from these
investments can vary substantially from quarter to quarter.  Recent
equity and credit market volatility may reduce investment income for these types
of investments.

In
addition, other external factors may cause a drop in value of investments, such
as ratings downgrades on asset classes.  For example, Congress has
proposed legislation to amend the U.S. Bankruptcy Code to permit bankruptcy
courts to modify mortgages on primary residences, including an ability to reduce
outstanding mortgage balances.  Such actions by bankruptcy courts may
impact the ratings and valuation of our residential mortgage-backed investment
securities.

The
determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our
investments is highly subjective and could materially impact our results of
operations or financial position.

The
determination of the amount of allowances and impairments varies by investment
type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and
inherent risks associated with the respective asset class.  Such
evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information
becomes available.  Management updates its evaluations regularly and
reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations
are revised.  There can be no assurance that our management has
accurately assessed the level of impairments taken and allowances reflected in
our financial statements.  Furthermore, additional impairments may
need to be taken or allowances provided for in the future.  Historical
trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances.

 34

We
adopted updates to the Investments – Debt and Equity
Securities Topic
 of
the FASB ASC for our debt securities effective January 1, 2009.  This
adoption required that an other-than-temporary impairment (“OTTI”) loss be
separated into the amount representing the decrease in cash flows expected to be
collected, or “credit loss,” which is recognized in earnings, and the amount
related to all other factors, or “noncredit loss,” which is recognized in
OCI.  In addition, the requirement for management to assert that it
has the intent and ability to hold an impaired security until recovery was
replaced by the requirement for management to assert if it either has the intent
to sell the debt security or if it is more likely than not the entity will be
required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost
basis.

We
regularly review our AFS securities for declines in fair value that we determine
to be other-than-temporary.  For an equity security, if we do not have
the ability and intent to hold the security for a sufficient period of time to
allow for a recovery in value, we conclude that an OTTI has occurred, and the
amortized cost of the equity security is written down to the current fair value,
with a corresponding change to realized gain (loss) on our Consolidated
Statements of Income (Loss).  When assessing our ability and intent to
hold the equity security to recovery, we consider, among other things, the
severity and duration of the decline in fair value of the equity security as
well as the cause of decline, a fundamental analysis of the liquidity, business
prospects and overall financial condition of the issuer.

For a
debt security, if we intend to sell a security or it is more likely than not we
will be required to sell a debt security before recovery of its amortized cost
basis and the fair value of the debt security is below amortized cost, we
conclude than an OTTI has occurred and the amortized cost is written down to
current fair value, with a corresponding charge to realized loss on our
Consolidated Statements of Income.  If we do not intend to sell a debt
security or it is not more likely than not we will be required to sell a debt
security before recovery of its amortized cost basis but the present value of
the cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost of the
debt security (referred to as the credit loss), we conclude that an OTTI has
occurred and the amortized cost is written down to the estimated recovery value
with a corresponding charge to realized loss on our Consolidated Statements of
Income (Loss), as this is also deemed the credit portion of the
OTTI.  The remainder of the decline to fair value is recorded in OCI
to unrealized OTTI on AFS securities on our Consolidated Statements of
Stockholders’ Equity, as this is considered a noncredit (i.e., recoverable)
impairment.  Net OTTI recognized in net income (loss) was $392
million, $851 million and $261 million, pre-tax, for the years ended December
31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.  The portion of OTTI recognized
in OCI for the year ended December 31, 2009, was $275 million,
pre-tax.

Related
to our unrealized losses, we establish deferred tax assets for the tax benefit
we may receive in the event that losses are realized.  The realization
of significant realized losses could result in an inability to recover the tax
benefits and may result in the establishment of valuation allowances against our
deferred tax assets.  Realized losses or impairments may have a
material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial
position.

We
will be required to pay interest on our capital securities with proceeds from
the issuance of qualifying securities if we fail to achieve capital adequacy or
net income and stockholders’ equity levels.

As of
December 31, 2009, we had approximately $1.5 billion in principal amount of
capital securities outstanding.  All of the capital securities contain
covenants that require us to make interest payments in accordance with an
alternative coupon satisfaction mechanism (“ACSM”) if we determine that one of
the following triggers exists as of the 30th day prior to an interest payment
date, or the “determination date”:

1.  LNL’s
RBC ratio is less than 175% (based on the most recent annual financial statement
filed with the State of Indiana); or

2.  (i)
The sum of our consolidated net income for the four trailing fiscal quarters
ending on the quarter that is two quarters prior to the most recently completed
quarter prior to the determination date is zero or negative, and (ii) our
consolidated stockholders’ equity (excluding accumulated OCI and any increase in
stockholders’ equity resulting from the issuance of preferred stock during a
quarter), or “adjusted stockholders’ equity,” as of (x) the most recently
completed quarter and (y) the end of the quarter that is two quarters before the
most recently completed quarter, has declined by 10% or more as compared to the
quarter that is ten fiscal quarters prior to the last completed quarter, or the
“benchmark quarter.”

The ACSM
would generally require us to use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy our
obligation to pay interest in full on the capital securities with the net
proceeds from sales of our common stock and warrants to purchase our common
stock with an exercise price greater than the market price.  We would
have to utilize the ACSM until the trigger events above no longer existed, and,
in the case of test 2 above, our adjusted stockholders’ equity amount increased
or declined by less than 10% as compared to the adjusted stockholders’ equity at
the end of the benchmark quarter for each interest payment date as to which
interest payment restrictions were imposed by test 2 above.

 35

If we
were required to utilize the ACSM and were successful in selling sufficient
shares of common stock or warrants to satisfy the interest payment, we would
dilute the current holders of our common stock.  Furthermore, while a
trigger event is occurring and if we do not pay accrued interest in full, we may
not, among other things, pay dividends on or repurchase our capital
stock.  Our failure to pay interest pursuant to the ACSM will not
result in an event of default with respect to the capital securities, nor will a
nonpayment of interest, unless it lasts for ten consecutive years, although such
breaches may result in monetary damages to the holders of the capital
securities.

In recent
quarters, we have triggered the net income test as a result of quarterly
consolidated net losses, and we may continue to trigger the net income test
looking forward to future quarters.  However, our efforts to raise
capital in the form of equity in the second and third quarters of 2009 resulted
in no trigger of the overall stockholders’ equity test looking forward to the
quarters ending March 31, 2010, and June 30, 2010.

The
calculations of RBC, net income (loss) and adjusted stockholders’ equity are
subject to adjustments and the capital securities are subject to additional
terms and conditions as further described in supplemental indentures filed as
exhibits to our Forms 8-K filed on March 13, 2007, May 17, 2006, and April 20,
2006.

A
decrease in the capital and surplus of our insurance subsidiaries may result in
a downgrade to our credit and insurer financial strength ratings.

In any
particular year, statutory surplus amounts and RBC ratios may increase or
decrease depending on a variety of factors, including the amount of statutory
income or losses generated by our insurance subsidiaries (which itself is
sensitive to equity market and credit market conditions), the amount of
additional capital our insurance subsidiaries must hold to support business
growth, changes in reserving requirements, such as VACARVM and principles based
reserving, our inability to secure capital market solutions to provide reserve
relief, such as issuing letters of credit to support captive reinsurance
structures, changes in equity market levels, the value of certain fixed-income
and equity securities in our investment portfolio, the value of certain
derivative instruments that do not get hedge accounting, changes in interest
rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as changes to the NAIC RBC
formulas. The RBC ratio is also affected by the product mix of the in-force book
of business (i.e., the amount of business without guarantees is not subject to
the same level of reserves as the business with guarantees).  Most of
these factors are outside of our control.  Our credit and insurer
financial strength ratings are significantly influenced by the statutory surplus
amounts and RBC ratios of our insurance company subsidiaries.  The RBC
ratio of LNL is an important factor in the determination of the credit and
financial strength ratings of LNC and its subsidiaries.  In addition,
rating agencies may implement changes to their internal models that have the
effect of increasing or decreasing the amount of statutory capital we must hold
in order to maintain our current ratings.  In addition, in extreme
scenarios of equity market declines, the amount of additional statutory reserves
that we are required to hold for our variable annuity guarantees may increase at
a rate greater than the rate of change of the markets.  Increases in
reserves reduce the statutory surplus used in calculating our RBC
ratios.  To the extent that our statutory capital resources are deemed
to be insufficient to maintain a particular rating by one or more rating
agencies, we may seek to raise additional capital through public or private
equity or debt financing, which may be on terms not as favorable as in the
past.  Alternatively, if we were not to raise additional capital in
such a scenario, either at our discretion or because we were unable to do so,
our financial strength and credit ratings might be downgraded by one or more
rating agencies.  For more information on risks regarding our ratings,
see “A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could limit our
ability to market products, increase the number or value of policies being
surrendered and/or hurt our relationships with creditors” below.

A
downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could limit our ability to
market products, increase the number or value of policies being surrendered
and/or hurt our relationships with creditors.

 Nationally
recognized rating agencies rate the financial strength of our principal
insurance subsidiaries and rate our debt.  Ratings are not
recommendations to buy our securities.  Each of the rating agencies
reviews its ratings periodically, and our current ratings may not be maintained
in the future.  In late September and early October of 2008, A.M.
Best, Fitch, Moody’s and S&P each revised their outlook for the U.S. life
insurance sector from stable to negative.  We believe that the rating
agencies continue to have the life insurance industry on negative outlook
until a sustained recovery in the general economy.

 Our
financial strength ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet
contract holder obligations, are an important factor affecting public confidence
in most of our products and, as a result, our competitiveness.  A
downgrade of the financial strength rating of one of our principal insurance
subsidiaries could affect our competitive position in the insurance industry by
making it more difficult for us to market our products as potential customers
may select companies with higher financial strength ratings and by leading to
increased withdrawals by current customers seeking companies with higher
financial strength ratings.  
This
could lead to a decrease in fees as net outflows of assets increase, and
therefore, result in lower fee income.  Furthermore, sales of assets
to meet customer withdrawal demands could also result in losses, depending on
market conditions.  The interest rates we pay on our borrowings are
largely dependent on our credit ratings.  A downgrade of our debt
ratings could affect our ability to raise additional debt, including bank lines
of credit, with terms and conditions similar to our current debt, and
accordingly, likely increase our cost of capital.

 36

 As a
result of raising capital of approximately $2.1 billion in the second and third
quarters of 2009, Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and A.M. Best affirmed our debt
ratings and the financial strength ratings of LNL, LLANY and FPP.  Our
ratings outlook remains negative, with the exception of S&P, which revised
its outlook to stable from negative.  All of our ratings and ratings
of our principal insurance subsidiaries are subject to revision or withdrawal at
any time by the rating agencies, and therefore, no assurance can be given that
our principal insurance subsidiaries or we can maintain these
ratings.  See “Item 1.  Business – Ratings” for a complete
description of our ratings.

Certain
blocks of our insurance business purchased from third-party insurers under
indemnity reinsurance agreements may require us to place assets in trust, secure
letters of credit or return the business, if the financial strength ratings
and/or capital ratios of certain insurance subsidiaries are not maintained at
specified levels.

Under
certain indemnity reinsurance agreements, one of our insurance subsidiaries,
LLANY, provides 100% indemnity reinsurance for the business assumed, however,
the third-party insurer, or the “cedent,” remains primarily liable on the
underlying insurance business.  Under these types of agreements, as of
December 31, 2009, we held statutory reserves of approximately $3.4
billion.  These indemnity reinsurance arrangements require that our
subsidiary, as the reinsurer, maintain certain insurer financial strength
ratings and capital ratios.  If these ratings or capital ratios are
not maintained, depending upon the reinsurance agreement, the cedent may
recapture the business, or require us to place assets in trust or provide
letters of credit at least equal to the relevant statutory
reserves.  Under the largest indemnity reinsurance arrangement, we
held approximately $2.2 billion of statutory reserves as of December 31,
2009.  LLANY must maintain an A.M. Best financial strength rating of
at least B+, an S&P financial strength rating of at least BB+ and a Moody’s
financial strength rating of at least Ba1, as well as maintain a RBC ratio of at
least 160% or an S&P capital adequacy ratio of 100%, or the cedent may
recapture the business.  Under two other arrangements, by which we
established approximately $1 billion of statutory reserves, LLANY must maintain
an A.M. Best financial strength rating of at least B++, an S&P financial
strength rating of at least BBB- and a Moody’s financial strength rating of at
least Baa3.  One of these arrangements also requires LLANY to maintain
an RBC ratio of at least 185% or an S&P capital adequacy ratio of
115%.  Each of these arrangements may require LLANY to place assets in
trust equal to the relevant statutory reserves.  As of December 31,
2009, LLANY’s RBC ratio exceeded 600%.  See “Item
1.  Business – Ratings” for a complete
description of our ratings.

If the
cedent recaptured the business, LLANY would be required to release reserves and
transfer assets to the cedent.  Such a recapture could adversely
impact our future profits.  Alternatively, if LLANY established a
security trust for the cedent, the ability to transfer assets out of the trust
could be severely restricted, thus negatively impacting our
liquidity.

Our
businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our
profitability.

Our
insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive supervision and regulation in
the states in which we do business.  The supervision and regulation
relate to numerous aspects of our business and financial
condition.  The primary purpose of the supervision and regulation is
the protection of our insurance contract holders, and not our
investors.  The extent of regulation varies, but generally is governed
by state statutes.  These statutes delegate regulatory, supervisory
and administrative authority to state insurance departments.  This
system of supervision and regulation covers, among other things:

 ·

 Standards
 of minimum capital requirements and solvency, including RBC
 measurements;

 ·

 Restrictions
 of certain transactions between our insurance subsidiaries and their
 affiliates;

 ·

 Restrictions
 on the nature, quality and concentration of
 investments;

 ·

 Restrictions
 on the types of terms and conditions that we can include in the insurance
 policies offered by our primary insurance
 operations;

 ·

 Limitations
 on the amount of dividends that insurance subsidiaries can
 pay;

 ·

 The
 existence and licensing status of the company under circumstances where it
 is not writing new or renewal
business;

 ·

 Certain
 required methods of accounting;

 ·

 Reserves
 for unearned premiums, losses and other purposes;
 and

 ·

 Assignment
 of residual market business and potential assessments for the provision of
 funds necessary for the settlement of covered claims under certain
 policies provided by impaired, insolvent or failed insurance
 companies.

 37

We may be
unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals and our business may not
fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the
relevant authority’s interpretation of the laws and regulations, which may
change from time to time.  Also, regulatory authorities have
relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and
approvals.  If we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or
do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the insurance regulatory
authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or
all of our activities or impose substantial fines.  Further, insurance
regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to issue orders of
supervision, which permit such authorities to supervise the business and
operations of an insurance company.  As of December 31, 2009, no state
insurance regulatory authority had imposed on us any substantial fines or
revoked or suspended any of our licenses to conduct insurance business in any
state or issued an order of supervision with respect to our insurance
subsidiaries, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations or financial condition.

In
addition, LFN and LFD, as well as our variable annuities and variable life
insurance products, are subject to regulation and supervision by the SEC and
FINRA.  LNC, as a savings and loan holding company and NCLS are
subject to regulation and supervision by the Office of Thrift
Supervision.  As a savings and loan holding company, we would also be
subject to the requirement that our activities be financially-related activities
as defined by federal law (which includes insurance
activities).  These laws and regulations generally grant supervisory
agencies and self-regulatory organizations broad administrative powers,
including the power to limit or restrict the subsidiaries from carrying on their
businesses in the event that they fail to comply with such laws and
regulations.  Finally, our radio operations require a license, subject
to periodic renewal, from the Federal Communications Commission to
operate.  While management considers the likelihood of a failure to
renew remote, any station that fails to receive renewal would be forced to cease
operations.

Recently,
there has been an increase in potential federal initiatives that would affect
the insurance industry.  In January 2010, the White House proposed as
a part of its budget proposal a new “financial crisis responsibility fee” on
certain financial institutions as a means to recoup any shortfall in revenues
resulting from the TARP program, so that the program does not add to the federal
budget deficit.  As proposed, the fee would apply to financial
institutions, including bank holding companies, thrift holding companies,
insured depositories, and insurance companies that own one of these entities,
with over $50 billion in assets, regardless of whether the firm participated in
the TARP program.  The fee as proposed is expected to be an assessment
of 15 basis points against a calculated “covered liabilities” amount and would
be in place for a minimum of 10 years.  Details as to the precise
calculation of “covered liabilities” are still unclear.  Further,
legislation implementing this fee will need to be introduced and passed by
Congress before this tax would take effect.  In December 2009, the
House passed H.R. 4173, “The Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of
2009,” a wide-ranging bill that includes a number of reforms.  The
bill includes, among other things, a new harmonized fiduciary standard for
broker-dealers and investment advisers, the creation of the Consumer Financial
Protection Agency, the creation of a pre-funded resolution trust to cover the
costs of winding down certain failing institutions, the creation of the Federal
Insurance Office within the Treasury Department and provisions relating to
executive compensation.  The bill would require financial
institutions, including insurance companies, to contribute funds to the
resolution trust.  The ultimate impact of any of these federal
initiatives on our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources is
currently indeterminable.

Many of
the foregoing regulatory or governmental bodies have the authority to review our
products and business practices and those of our agents and
employees.  In recent years, there has been increased scrutiny of our
businesses by these bodies, which has included more extensive examinations,
regular sweep inquiries and more detailed review of disclosure
documents.  These regulatory or governmental bodies may bring
regulatory or other legal actions against us if, in their view, our practices,
or those of our agents or employees, are improper.  These actions can
result in substantial fines, penalties or prohibitions or restrictions on our
business activities and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition.

Attempts
to mitigate the impact of Regulation XXX and Actuarial Guideline 38 may fail in
whole or in part resulting in an adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.

The Model
Regulation entitled “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies,” commonly known as
“Regulation XXX” or “XXX,” requires insurers to establish additional statutory
reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees and
UL policies with secondary guarantees.  In addition, Actuarial
Guideline 38 (“AG38”) clarifies the application of XXX with respect to certain
UL insurance policies with secondary guarantees.  Virtually all of our
newly issued term and the great majority of our newly issued UL insurance
products are now affected by XXX and AG38.

 38

As a
result of this regulation, we have established higher statutory reserves for
term and UL insurance products and changed our premium rates for term life
insurance products.  We also have implemented reinsurance and capital
management actions to mitigate the capital impact of XXX and AG38, including the
use of letters of credit to support the reinsurance provided by captive
reinsurance subsidiaries.  In addition, although formal details have
not been provided, we anticipate the rating agencies may require a portion of
these letters of credit to be included in our leverage calculations, which would
pressure our leverage ratios and potentially our ratings.  Therefore,
we cannot provide assurance that there will not be regulatory, rating agency or
other challenges to the actions we have taken to date.  The result of
those potential challenges could require us to increase statutory reserves or
incur higher operating and/or tax costs.  In addition, as a result of
current capital market conditions and disruption in the credit markets, our
ability to secure additional letters of credit or to secure them at current
costs may impact the profitability of term and UL insurance
products.  See “Results of Insurance Solutions – Insurance Solutions –
Life Insurance” in the MD&A for a further discussion of our capital
management in connection with XXX.

In light
of the current downturn in the credit markets and the increased spreads on
asset-backed debt securities, we also cannot provide assurance that we will be
able to continue to implement actions to mitigate the impact of XXX or AG38 on
future sales of term and UL insurance products.  If we are unable to
continue to implement those actions, we may be required to increase statutory
reserves, incur higher operating costs and lower returns on products sold than
we currently anticipate or reduce our sales of these products.  We
also may have to implement measures that may be disruptive to our
business.  For example, because term and UL insurance are particularly
price-sensitive products, any increase in premiums charged on these products in
order to compensate us for the increased statutory reserve requirements or
higher costs of reinsurance may result in a significant loss of volume and
adversely affect our life insurance operations.

Changes
in accounting standards issued by the FASB or other standard-setting bodies may
adversely affect our financial statements.

Our
financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP, which is
periodically revised and/or expanded.  Accordingly, from time to time
we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or guidance that
are incorporated into the FASB ASC.  It is possible that future
accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current
accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and
that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations.

For
example, the SEC has proposed that large accelerated filers in the U.S. be
required to report financial results in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board rather than GAAP, beginning with their fiscal year 2014 Annual Reports on
Form 10-K.  The Form 10-K would include audited IFRS financial
statements for the transitional year, as well as the two preceding fiscal
years.  Thus, an issuer adopting IFRS in 2014 would need to file
audited IFRS financial statements for fiscal years 2012, 2013, and 2014 in its
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 2014.  Despite the movement toward
convergence of GAAP and IFRS, IFRS will be a complete change to our accounting
and reporting and converting to IFRS will impose special demands on issuers in
the areas of governance, employee training, internal controls, contract
fulfillment and disclosure.  IFRS will affect how we manage our
business, as it will likely affect other business processes such as design of
compensation plans, product design, etc. 

Legal
and regulatory actions are inherent in our businesses and could result in
financial losses or harm our businesses.

We are,
and in the future may be, subject to legal actions in the ordinary course of our
insurance and investment management operations, both domestically and
internationally.  Pending legal actions include proceedings relating
to aspects of our businesses and operations that are specific to us and
proceedings that are typical of the businesses in which we
operate.  Some of these proceedings have been brought on behalf of
various alleged classes of complainants.  In certain of these matters,
the plaintiffs are seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including
punitive or exemplary damages.  Substantial legal liability in these
or future legal or regulatory actions could have a material financial effect or
cause significant harm to our reputation, which in turn could materially harm
our business prospects.  For more information on pending material
legal proceedings, see Note 14.

 39

Changes
in U.S. federal income tax law could increase our tax costs and make the
products that we sell less desirable.

Changes
to the Internal Revenue Code, administrative rulings or court decisions could
increase our effective tax rate and lower our net income.  For
example, on February 1, 2010, the Treasury Department released the “General
Explanations of the Administration’s Fiscal Year 2011 Revenue Proposals”
including proposals which, if enacted, would affect the taxation of life
insurance companies and certain life insurance products.  The
statutory changes contemplated by the Administration’s revenue proposals would,
if enacted into law, change the method used to determine the amount of dividend
income received by a life insurance company on assets held in separate accounts
used to support products, including variable life insurance and variable annuity
contracts, that are eligible for the dividend received deduction.  The
dividend received deduction reduces the amount of dividend income subject to tax
and is a significant component of the difference between our actual tax expense
and expected amount determined using the federal statutory tax rate of
35%.  Our income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2009,
included a separate account dividend received deduction benefit of $77
million.  In addition, the proposals would affect the treatment of
COLI policies by limiting the availability of certain interest deductions for
companies that purchase those policies.  If proposals of this type
were enacted, our sale of COLI, variable annuities and variable life products
could be adversely affected and our actual tax expense could increase, reducing
earnings.

Our
enterprise risk management policies and procedures may leave us exposed to
unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could negatively affect our businesses
or result in losses.

We have
devoted significant resources to develop our enterprise risk management policies
and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the
future.  Nonetheless, our policies and procedures to identify, monitor
and manage risks may not be fully effective.  Many of our methods of
managing risk and exposures are based upon our use of observed historical market
behavior or statistics based on historical models.  As a result, these
methods may not predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater
than the historical measures indicate, such as the risk of pandemics causing a
large number of deaths.  Other risk management methods depend upon the
evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or
other matters that is publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, which
may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly
evaluated.  Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks
requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and
verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and
procedures may not be fully effective.

We
face a risk of non-collectibility of reinsurance, which could materially affect
our results of operations.

We follow
the insurance practice of reinsuring with other insurance and reinsurance
companies a portion of the risks under the policies written by our insurance
subsidiaries (known as “ceding”).  As of December 31, 2009, we ceded
$342.6 billion of life insurance in force to reinsurers for reinsurance
protection.  Although reinsurance does not discharge our subsidiaries
from their primary obligation to pay contract holders for losses insured under
the policies we issue, reinsurance does make the assuming reinsurer liable to
the insurance subsidiaries for the reinsured portion of the risk.  As
of December 31, 2009, we had $6.4 billion of reinsurance receivables from
reinsurers for paid and unpaid losses, for which they are obligated to reimburse
us under our reinsurance contracts.  Of this amount, $3.0 billion
related to the sale of our reinsurance business to Swiss Re in 2001 through an
indemnity reinsurance agreement.  Swiss Re has funded a trust to
support this business.  The balance in the trust changes as a result
of ongoing reinsurance activity and was $1.9 billion as of December 31,
2009.  As a result of Swiss Re’s S&P financial strength rating
dropping below AA-, Swiss Re was required to fund an additional trust to support
this business of approximately $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2009, which was
established during the fourth quarter of 2009.  Furthermore,
approximately $1.3 billion of the Swiss Re treaties are funds withheld
structures where we have a right of offset on assets backing the reinsurance
receivables.

The
balance of the reinsurance is due from a diverse group of
reinsurers.  The collectibility of reinsurance is largely a function
of the solvency of the individual reinsurers.  We perform annual
credit reviews on our reinsurers, focusing on, among other things, financial
capacity, stability, trends and commitment to the reinsurance
business.  We also require assets in trust, letters of credit or other
acceptable collateral to support balances due from reinsurers not authorized to
transact business in the applicable jurisdictions.  Despite these
measures, a reinsurer’s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments
under the terms of a reinsurance contract, especially Swiss Re, could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition.

Significant
adverse mortality experience may result in the loss of, or higher prices for,
reinsurance.

We
reinsure a significant amount of the mortality risk on fully underwritten, newly
issued, individual life insurance contracts.  We regularly review
retention limits for continued appropriateness and they may be changed in the
future.  If we were to experience adverse mortality or morbidity
experience, a significant portion of that would be reimbursed by our
reinsurers.  Prolonged or severe adverse mortality or morbidity
experience could result in increased reinsurance costs, and ultimately,
reinsurers not willing to offer coverage.  If we are unable to
maintain our current level of reinsurance or purchase new reinsurance protection
in amounts that we consider sufficient, we would either have to be willing to
accept an increase in our net exposures or revise our pricing to reflect higher
reinsurance premiums.  If this were to occur, we may be exposed to
reduced profitability and cash flow strain or we may not be able to price new
business at competitive rates.

 40

Catastrophes
may adversely impact liabilities for contract holder claims and the availability
of reinsurance.

Our
insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality, such as
a pandemic, an act of terrorism, natural disaster or other event that causes a
large number of deaths or injuries.  Significant influenza pandemics
have occurred three times in the last century, but the likelihood, timing or
severity of a future pandemic cannot be predicted.  Additionally, the
impact of climate change could cause changes in weather patterns, resulting in
more severe and more frequent natural disasters such as forest fires,
hurricanes, tornados, floods and storm surges.  In our group insurance
operations, a localized event that affects the workplace of one or more of our
group insurance customers could cause a significant loss due to mortality or
morbidity claims.  These events could cause a material adverse effect
on our results of operations in any period and, depending on their severity,
could also materially and adversely affect our financial condition.

The
extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of
insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the
event.  Pandemics, natural disasters and man-made catastrophes,
including terrorism, may produce significant damage in larger areas, especially
those that are heavily populated.  Claims resulting from natural or
man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial
results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our
profitability or harm our financial condition.  Also, catastrophic
events could harm the financial condition of our reinsurers and thereby increase
the probability of default on reinsurance recoveries.  Accordingly,
our ability to write new business could also be affected.

Consistent
with industry practice and accounting standards, we establish liabilities for
claims arising from a catastrophe only after assessing the probable losses
arising from the event.  We cannot be certain that the liabilities we
have established or applicable reinsurance will be adequate to cover actual
claim liabilities, and a catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

Competition
for our employees is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the
highly skilled people we need to support our business.

Our
success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key
people.  Intense competition exists for the key employees with
demonstrated ability, and we may be unable to hire or retain such employees,
particularly in light of compensation restrictions that will be applicable to us
in connection with our participation in the TARP CPP.  The unexpected
loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material
adverse effect on our operations due to their skills, knowledge of our business,
their years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly
finding qualified replacement employees.  We compete with other
financial institutions primarily on the basis of our products, compensation,
support services and financial position.  Sales in our businesses and
our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees,
including financial advisors, wholesalers and other employees, as well as
independent distributors of our products.

Our
sales representatives are not captive and may sell products of our
competitors.

We sell
our annuity and life insurance products through independent sales
representatives.  These representatives are not captive, which means
they may also sell our competitors’ products.  If our competitors
offer products that are more attractive than ours, or pay higher commission
rates to the sales representatives than we do, these representatives may
concentrate their efforts in selling our competitors’ products instead of
ours.

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to
infringement claims.

We rely
on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and
trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual
property.  Although we use a broad range of measures to protect our
intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our
intellectual property.  We may have to litigate to enforce and protect
our copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and know-how or to determine
their scope, validity or enforceability, which represents a diversion of
resources that may be significant in amount and may not prove
successful.  Additionally, complex legal and factual
determinations and evolving laws and court interpretations make the
scope of protection afforded our intellectual property uncertain,
particularly in relation to our patents.  While we believe our
patents provide us with a competitive advantage, we cannot be certain that any
issued patents will be interpreted with sufficient breadth to offer
meaningful protection.  In addition, our issued patents may be successfully
challenged, invalidated, circumvented or found unenforceable so that our patent
rights would not create an effective competitive barrier.  The loss of
intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce the
protection of our intellectual property assets could have a material adverse
effect on our business and our ability to compete.

 41

We also
may be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges our
operations or activities infringe upon another party’s intellectual property
rights.  Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents
that could be infringed by our products, methods, processes or
services.  Any party that holds such a patent could make a claim of
infringement against us.  We may also be subject to claims by third
parties for breach of copyright, trademark, trade secret or license usage
rights.  Any such claims and any resulting litigation could result in
significant liability for damages.  If we were found to have infringed
a third-party patent or other intellectual property rights, we could incur
substantial liability, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from
providing certain products or services to our customers or utilizing and
benefiting from certain methods, processes, copyrights, trademarks, trade
secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to enter into costly
licensing arrangements with third parties, all of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Intense
competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our
profitability.

Our
businesses are intensely competitive.  We compete based on a number of
factors, including name recognition, service, the quality of investment advice,
investment performance, product features, price, perceived financial strength
and claims-paying and credit ratings.  Our competitors include
insurers, broker-dealers, financial advisors, asset managers and other financial
institutions.  A number of our business units face competitors that
have greater market share, offer a broader range of products or have higher
financial strength or credit ratings than we do.

In recent
years, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies
in the financial services industry resulting in increased competition from
large, well-capitalized financial services firms.  Many of these firms
also have been able to increase their distribution systems through mergers or
contractual arrangements.  Furthermore, larger competitors may have
lower operating costs and an ability to absorb greater risk while maintaining
their financial strength ratings, thereby allowing them to price their products
more competitively.  We expect consolidation to continue and perhaps
accelerate in the future, thereby increasing competitive pressure on
us.

Anti-takeover
provisions could delay, deter or prevent our change in control, even if the
change in control would be beneficial to LNC shareholders.

We are an
Indiana corporation subject to Indiana state law.  Certain provisions
of Indiana law could interfere with or restrict takeover bids or other change in
control events affecting us.  Also, provisions in our articles of
incorporation, bylaws and other agreements to which we are a party could delay,
deter or prevent our change in control, even if a change in control would be
beneficial to shareholders.  In addition, under Indiana law, directors
may, in considering the best interests of a corporation, consider the effects of
any action on shareholders, employees, suppliers and customers of the
corporation and the communities in which offices and other facilities are
located, and other factors the directors consider pertinent.  One
statutory provision prohibits, except under specified circumstances, LNC from
engaging in any business combination with any shareholder who owns 10% or more
of our common stock (which shareholder, under the statute, would be considered
an “interested shareholder”) for a period of five years following the time that
such shareholder became an interested shareholder, unless such business
combination is approved by the board of directors prior to such person becoming
an interested shareholder.  In addition, our articles of incorporation
contain a provision requiring holders of at least three-fourths of our voting
shares then outstanding and entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting
together, to approve a transaction with an interested shareholder rather than
the simple majority required under Indiana law.

In
addition to the anti-takeover provisions of Indiana law, there are other factors
that may delay, deter or prevent our change in control.  As an
insurance holding company, we are regulated as an insurance holding company and
are subject to the insurance holding company acts of the states in which our
insurance company subsidiaries are domiciled.  The insurance holding
company acts and regulations restrict the ability of any person to obtain
control of an insurance company without prior regulatory
approval.  Under those statutes and regulations, without such approval
(or an exemption), no person may acquire any voting security of a domestic
insurance company, or an insurance holding company which controls an insurance
company, or merge with such a holding company, if as a result of such
transaction such person would “control” the insurance holding company or
insurance company.  “Control” is generally defined as the direct or
indirect power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of a person and is presumed to exist if a person directly or indirectly owns or
controls 10% or more of the voting securities of another
person.  Similarly, as a result of our ownership of NCLS, LNC is
considered to be a savings and loan holding company.  Federal banking
laws generally provide that no person may acquire control of LNC, and gain
indirect control of NCLS without prior regulatory
approval.  Generally, beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the
voting securities of LNC would be presumed to constitute control.