FDA regulation of menthol in cigarettes and concerns that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks could adversely affect our business.

Some plaintiffs in our litigation and constituencies, including the FDA and other public health agencies, have
claimed or expressed concerns that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks and may impact public health more than non-mentholated cigarettes, including concerns that mentholated cigarettes may make it easier to start smoking and harder
to quit, and may seek restrictions or a ban on the production and sale of mentholated cigarettes. Any ban or material limitation on the use of menthol in cigarettes would materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial
condition. 

11 

Table of Contents

Following the passage of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act (the
“Act”) in June 2009, the FDA established the Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee (the “TPSAC”) to evaluate, among other things, “the impact of the use of menthol in cigarettes on the public health, including such
use among children, African-Americans, Hispanics, and other racial and ethnic minorities.” In addition, the Act permits the FDA to impose restrictions regarding the use of menthol in cigarettes, including a ban, if those restrictions would be
appropriate for the public health. The TPSAC or the Menthol Report Subcommittee held meetings on March 30-31, 2010, July 15-16, 2010, September 27, 2010, October 7, 2010, November 18,
2010, January 10-11, 2011, February 10-11, 2011, March 2, 2011, March 17-18, 2011 and July 21, 2011 to consider the issues surrounding the use of menthol in cigarettes. At the March 18, 2011 meeting,
TPSAC presented its report and recommendations on menthol. The report’s findings included that menthol likely increases experimentation and regular smoking, menthol likely increases the likelihood and degree of addiction for youth smokers,
non-white menthol smokers (particularly African-Americans) are less likely to quit smoking and are less responsive to certain cessation medications, and that consumers continue to believe that smoking menthol cigarettes is less harmful than smoking
nonmenthol cigarettes as a result of the cigarette industry’s historical marketing. TPSAC’s overall recommendation to the FDA was that “[r]emoval of menthol cigarettes from the marketplace would benefit public health in the United
States.” At the July 21, 2011 meeting, TPSAC considered revisions to its report, and the voting members unanimously approved the final report for submission to the FDA with no change in its recommendation. 

On June 27, 2011, the FDA provided a progress report on its review of the science related to menthol cigarettes. In the June 2011
update, the FDA stated that “[e]xperts within the FDA Center for Tobacco Products are conducting an independent review of the science related to the impact [of menthol] in cigarettes on public health …” The FDA stated that it would
submit its draft independent review of menthol science to an external peer review panel in July 2011. On January 26, 2012, the FDA provided a second progress report on its review of the science related to menthol cigarettes. In its January 2012
update, the FDA stated that “FDA submitted its report to external scientists for peer review, and the agency is revising its report based on their feedback.” FDA stated its intent to make the final report, along with the peer review
scientists’ feedback and the agency’s response to the feedback, available for public comment in the Federal Register. The FDA did not provide a date for releasing the final report. The FDA also indicated that it would consider any public
comments to the final report, which “may provide additional evidence or emerging data.” Based on those comments, together with the agency’s report, the TPSAC report, the industry’s perspective report and prior public comments,
the FDA stated that it will consider the collective evidence and “possible actions related to the public health impact of menthol in cigarettes.” If the FDA determines that regulation of menthol is warranted, the FDA could promulgate
regulations that, among other things, could result in a ban on or restrictions on the use of menthol in cigarettes. 

Since we
are the leading manufacturer of mentholated cigarettes in the United States, we could face increased exposure to tobacco-related litigation as a result of such allegations. Even if such claims are unsubstantiated, increased concerns about the health
impact of mentholated cigarettes could materially adversely affect our sales, including sales of Newport. A ban or limitation on the use of menthol in cigarettes by the FDA would materially adversely affect our business. 

The regulation of cigarettes by the Food and Drug Administration may materially adversely affect our business. 

In June 2009, the U.S. Congress passed, and the President signed into law, the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act
that grants the FDA authority to regulate tobacco products. The legislation: 

•

 established a Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee to, among other things, evaluate the issues surrounding the use of menthol as a flavoring
or ingredient in cigarettes and issue a nonbinding recommendation to the FDA regarding menthol by March 23, 2011; 

•

 grants the FDA the regulatory authority to consider and impose broad additional restrictions through a rule making process, including a ban on the use
of menthol in cigarettes; 

•

 requires larger and more severe health warnings, including graphic images, on packs, cartons and advertising; 

•

 bans the use of descriptors on tobacco products, such as “low tar” and “light”; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

 requires the disclosure of ingredients and additives to consumers; 

•

 requires pre-market approval by the FDA of all new products, including substantially equivalent products; 

•

 requires pre-market approval by the FDA for claims made with respect to reduced risk or reduced exposure products; 

•

 allows the FDA to require the reduction of nicotine or any other compound in cigarettes; 

•

 allows the FDA to mandate the use of reduced risk technologies in conventional cigarettes; 

•

 allows the FDA to place more severe restrictions on the advertising, marketing and sales of cigarettes; and 

•

 permits possible inconsistent state and local regulation of the advertising or promotion of cigarettes by providing an exception to certain federal
preemption of such regulation. 

We believe that such regulation could have a material adverse effect on our
business. For example, under the Act, we must file a report with the FDA substantiating that any cigarettes introduced or modified after February 15, 2007 are “substantially equivalent” to cigarettes on the market before that date to
enable the agency to determine whether the new or modified products are “substantially equivalent” to specific predicate products already being sold. For any products introduced or modified between February 15, 2007 and March 22,
2011, initial reports were required to be filed with the FDA on or before March 22, 2011. The FDA announced that a product introduced or modified before March 22, 2011 may remain on the market pending the FDA’s review, provided a
“substantially equivalent” report was filed with the FDA on or before March 22, 2011. We believe, based on the limited guidance issued by the FDA to date, that we were required to file, and have filed, reports for all of our
cigarettes on or before March 22, 2011 since modifications had been made to our products since 2007. While all of our cigarettes may remain on the market pending the FDA’s review, they are subject to removal should the FDA determine any
are not “substantially equivalent. “ In addition, products introduced on or after March 22, 2011 will require pre-market approval by the FDA which may be subject to similar or more restrictive procedures. 

The legislation also permits the FDA to impose restrictions regarding the use of menthol in cigarettes, including a ban, if those
restrictions would be appropriate for the public health. Any ban or material limitation on the use of menthol in cigarettes would materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. It is possible that such
additional regulation, including regulation of menthol short of a ban thereof, could result in a decrease in cigarette sales in the United States (including sales of our brands), increased costs to us and/or the development of a significant black
market for cigarettes, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

As
of February 9, 2012, Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant in approximately 8,562 tobacco-related lawsuits, including approximately 683 cases in which Lorillard, Inc. is a co-defendant. These cases, which are extremely costly to defend, could result
in substantial judgments against Lorillard Tobacco and/or Lorillard, Inc. 

Numerous legal actions, proceedings and
claims arising out of the sale, distribution, manufacture, development, advertising, marketing and claimed health effects of cigarettes are pending against Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., and it is likely that similar claims will continue to
be filed for the foreseeable future. In addition, several cases have been filed against Lorillard Tobacco and other tobacco companies challenging certain provisions of the MSA among major tobacco manufacturers and 46 states and various other
governments and jurisdictions, and state statutes promulgated to carry out and enforce the MSA. 

Punitive damages, often in
amounts ranging into the billions of dollars, are specifically pleaded in a number of cases in addition to compensatory and other damages. It is possible that the outcome of these cases, individually or in the aggregate, could result in bankruptcy.
It is also possible that Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. may be unable to post a surety bond in an amount sufficient to stay execution of a judgment in jurisdictions that require such bond pending an appeal on the merits of the case. Even if
Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. are successful in defending some or all of these actions, these types of cases are very expensive to defend. A material increase in the number of pending claims could significantly increase defense costs and
have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Further, adverse decisions in litigations against other tobacco companies could have an adverse impact on the industry, including us. 

13 

Table of Contents

Plaintiffs have been awarded damages, including punitive damages, from Lorillard Tobacco in a
Conventional Product Liability Case
. 

In December 2010, a Massachusetts jury awarded damages, including punitive
damages, from Lorillard Tobacco in a Conventional Product Liability Case, Evans v. Lorillard Tobacco Company (Superior Court, Suffolk County, Massachusetts). In September 2011, the court reduced the compensatory damages awarded to the estate
of a deceased smoker to $25 million and reduced the award to the deceased smoker’s son to $10 million. The court declined to reduce the jury’s award of $81 million in punitive damages. In September 2011, the court entered a judgment that
reflected the jury’s damages awards and the court’s reductions following trial. The judgment awarded plaintiffs interest on each of the three damages awards at the rate of 12% per year from the date the case was filed in 2004.
Interest on the three awards will continue to accrue until either the judgment is paid or is vacated on appeal. The judgment permitted plaintiff’s counsel to request an award of attorneys’ fees and costs. In November 2011, the court
granted in part plaintiff’s counsel’s application for attorneys’ fees and costs and has awarded approximately $2.4 million in fees and approximately $225,000 in costs. The court entered a final judgment that incorporated the amounts
of the verdicts, as reduced by the trial court, the awards of interest, and the awards of attorneys’ fees and costs. Lorillard Tobacco has noticed an appeal from the final judgment to the Massachusetts Appeals Court. Plaintiff has asked the
court to enter a preliminary injunction that directs Lorillard Tobacco to set aside $272 million in cash or cash equivalents to secure the amounts awarded by the jury and the interest obligations plaintiff expects the court to order in a final
judgment. As of February 9, 2012, the court had not ruled on plaintiff’s motion for preliminary injunction. It is possible that the verdict in this case could lead to additional litigation. 

The Florida Supreme Court’s ruling in Engle has resulted in additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including us.

The case of Engle v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et al. (Circuit Court, Dade County, Florida, filed May 5,
1994) was certified as a class action on behalf of Florida residents, and survivors of Florida residents, who were injured or died from medical conditions allegedly caused by addiction to smoking. The case was tried between 1998 and 2000 in a
multi-phase trial that resulted in verdicts in favor of the class. In 2006, the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling that, among other things, determined that the case could not proceed further as a class action. In February 2008, the trial court
entered an order on remand from the Florida Supreme Court that formally decertified the class. 

The 2006 ruling by the Florida
Supreme Court in Engle also permitted members of the 
Engle class to file individual claims, including claims for punitive damages. The Florida Supreme Court held that these individual plaintiffs are entitled to rely on a number of the
jury’s findings in favor of the plaintiffs in the first phase of the 
Engle trial. These findings included that smoking cigarettes causes a number of diseases; that cigarettes are addictive or dependence-producing; and that the
defendants, including Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., were negligent, breached express and implied warranties, placed cigarettes on the market that were defective and unreasonably dangerous, and concealed or conspired to conceal the risks of
smoking. Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant in approximately 5,900 cases pending in various state and federal courts in Florida that were filed by members of the 
Engle class (the “
Engle Progeny Cases”), including 676 cases in
which Lorillard, Inc. is a co-defendant. 

As of February 9, 2012, trial was underway in two Engle Progeny cases in
which Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant, the cases of 
Alexander v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Eleventh Judicial Circuit, Miami-Dade County, Florida) and 
Kaplan v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit
Court, Seventeenth Judicial Circuit, Broward County, Florida). Lorillard, Inc. is not a defendant in either of these trials. As of February 9, 2012, Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. are defendants in 
Engle Progeny Cases that have
been placed on courts’ 2012 trial calendars or in which specific trial dates have been set. Trial schedules are subject to change and it is not possible to predict how many of the
 Engle Progeny Cases pending against Lorillard Tobacco or
Lorillard, Inc. will be tried in 2012. It also is not possible to predict whether some courts will implement procedures that consolidate multiple
 Engle Progeny Cases for trial. 

14 

Table of Contents

Trials of some of the Engle Progeny cases have resulted in verdicts that have awarded damages from
cigarette manufacturers, including us. 

As of February 9, 2012, plaintiffs in five Engle Progeny Cases
were awarded compensatory damages from Lorillard Tobacco. In one of the five cases, plaintiffs were awarded punitive damages from Lorillard Tobacco. In a sixth case, the court awarded damages to the plaintiff from the defendants, including Lorillard
Tobacco, following trial. Lorillard, Inc. was not a defendant in any of these six cases. The six cases are listed below in the order in which the verdicts were returned: 

•

 In Mrozek v. Lorillard Tobacco Company (Circuit Court, Fourth Judicial Circuit, Duval County, Florida), the jury awarded plaintiffs a total of
$6 million in compensatory damages and $11.3 million in punitive damages. The jury apportioned 35% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker and 65% to Lorillard Tobacco. The final judgment entered by the trial court reflected the
jury’s verdict and awarded plaintiff $3,900,588 in compensatory damages and $11,300,000 in punitive damages plus 6% annual interest. Lorillard Tobacco has noticed an appeal to the Florida First District Court of Appeal. As of February 9,
2012, the trial court had not ruled on plaintiff’s motion for costs and attorneys’ fees. 

•

 In Tullo v. R.J. Reynolds, et al. (Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Florida), the jury awarded plaintiff a total of $4.5 million in
compensatory damages. The jury assessed 45% of the fault to the smoker, 5% to Lorillard Tobacco and 50% to other defendants. The jury did not award punitive damages to the plaintiff. The court entered a final judgment that awarded plaintiff $225,000
in compensatory damages from Lorillard Tobacco plus 6% annual interest. Defendants noticed an appeal from the final judgment to the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal. The trial court has granted plaintiff’s application for costs but it
has not awarded an amount. As of February 9, 2012, the trial court had not ruled on plaintiff’s motion for costs. 

•

 In Sulcer v. Lorillard Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Escambia County, Florida), the jury awarded $225,000 in compensatory damages to
the plaintiff and it assessed 95% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker with 5% allocated to Lorillard Tobacco. The jury returned a verdict for Lorillard Tobacco as to whether plaintiff is entitled to punitive damages. The court
entered a final judgment that incorporated the jury’s determination of the parties’ fault and awarded plaintiff $11,250 in compensatory damages. Lorillard Tobacco paid approximately $246,000 to resolve the damages verdict, costs and fees.
Following this payment, 
Sulcer was concluded. 

•

 In Jewett v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et al. (Circuit Court, Duval County, Florida), the jury awarded the estate of the decedent $692,981 in
compensatory damages and awarded the plaintiff $400,000 for loss of companionship. The jury assessed 70% of the responsibility for the decedent’s injuries to the decedent, 20% to R.J. Reynolds and 10% to Lorillard Tobacco. The jury determined
that no punitive damages were warranted. The final judgment entered by the trial court reflected the jury’s verdict and awarded plaintiff a total of $109,298 from Lorillard Tobacco plus 6% annual interest. Defendants have noticed an appeal from
the final judgment to the Florida First District Court of Appeal. As of February 9, 2012, the trial court had not ruled on plaintiff’s motion for costs and attorneys’ fees. 

•

 In Weingart v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Florida), the jury determined that the decedent did not
sustain any compensatory damages from the defendants, including Lorillard Tobacco, and it returned a verdict for the defendants that punitive damages were not warranted. The jury assessed 91% of the fault for the decedent’s injuries to the
decedent, 3% to Lorillard Tobacco and 3% to each of the other two defendants. Following trial, the court granted in part a motion by the plaintiff to award damages, and it tentatively awarded plaintiff $150,000 in compensatory damages. The court
entered a final judgment that applied the jury’s comparative fault determinations to the court’s award of compensatory damages. The final judgment awarded plaintiff $4,500 from Lorillard Tobacco. Defendants have noticed an appeal to the
Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal from the order that awarded compensatory damages to the plaintiff and have amended their notice of appeal to address the final judgment. As of February 9, 2012, the trial court had not ruled on
plaintiff’s motion for costs and attorneys’ fees. 

•

 In Sury v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al., (Circuit Court, Duval County, Florida), the jury awarded plaintiff $1,000,000 in compensatory
damages and assessed 60% of the responsibility for the decedent’s injuries to the decedent, 20% to Lorillard Tobacco and 20% to R.J. Reynolds. The jury returned a verdict for the defendants regarding whether punitive damages were warranted. As
of February 9, 2012, the court has not yet entered a final judgment and had not ruled on defendants’ motion to set aside the verdict. 

15 

Table of Contents

As of February 9, 2012, verdicts have been returned in 50 
Engle Progeny
Cases in which neither Lorillard Tobacco nor Lorillard, Inc. were defendants since the Florida Supreme Court issued its 2006 ruling. Juries awarded compensatory damages and punitive damages in 20 of these trials. The punitive damages awards have
totaled approximately $600 million and have ranged from $50,000 to $244 million. In 12 of the trials, juries awarded only compensatory damages. In the 18 other trials, juries found in favor of the defendants. In some of the trials decided in the
defendants’ favor, plaintiffs have filed motions challenging the verdicts. It is not possible to predict the final outcome of this litigation. 

Two Florida intermediate courts of appeal have affirmed verdicts awarding damages to the plaintiffs in seven Engle Progeny Cases as of February 9, 2012. The Florida Supreme Court denied review
of four of these cases and the defendants have petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court. As of February 9, 2012, the U.S. Supreme Court had not determined whether to grant review of these four petitions. The defendant in another case has sought review
by the Florida Supreme Court. As of February 9, 2012, the Florida Supreme Court had not announced whether it would review this case. Neither Lorillard Tobacco nor Lorillard, Inc. is a defendant in any of the seven cases in which the two Florida
intermediate appellate courts affirmed the verdicts awarding damages to the plaintiffs. 

The judgment entered in the federal
government’s reimbursement case, while not final in all respects, could restrict or limit our defenses in other litigation. 

In August 2006, a final judgment and remedial order was entered in United States of America v. Philip Morris USA, Inc., et al. (U.S. District Court, District of Columbia, filed
September 22, 1999). The court based its final judgment and remedial order on the government’s only remaining claims, which were based on the defendants’ alleged violations of the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act
(“RICO”). Lorillard, Inc. is not a party to this matter, but Lorillard Tobacco is one of the defendants in the case. Although the verdict did not award monetary damages to the plaintiff, the final judgment and remedial order imposed a
number of requirements on the defendants. Such requirements include, but are not limited to, the publishing of corrective statements by defendants related to the health effects of smoking. 

In 2009, a three judge panel of the Court of Appeals upheld substantially all of the District Court’s final judgment and remedial
order. In June 2010, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the parties’ petitions seeking review of the case. The case has been returned to the U.S. District Court, District of Columbia for implementation of the Court of Appeals’ directions in its
2009 ruling and for entry of an amended final judgment. As of February 9, 2012, the trial court had not entered the amended final judgment. 

The 2006 final judgment and remedial order made many adverse findings regarding the conduct of the defendants. It is possible that the final opinion, final judgment and remedial order entered by the court
could form the basis of allegations by the plaintiffs in other matters, or of additional judicial findings by other courts against cigarette manufacturers. It is possible that other courts could apply the findings in the United States of
America case to restrict or otherwise limit our defenses in other litigation. 

A ruling by the United States Supreme Court could
limit the ability of cigarette manufacturers to contend that certain claims asserted against them in product liability litigation are barred. The Supreme Court’s decision also could encourage litigation involving cigarettes labeled as
“lights” or “low tar.” 

In December 2008, the United States Supreme Court issued a decision that
neither the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act nor the Federal Trade Commission’s regulation of cigarettes’ tar and nicotine disclosures preempts (or bars) some of plaintiffs’ claims. The decision also more broadly
addresses the scope of preemption based on the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act, and could significantly limit cigarette manufacturers’ arguments that certain of plaintiffs’ other claims in smoking and health litigation,
including claims based on the alleged concealment of information with respect to the hazards of smoking, are preempted. In addition, the Supreme Court’s ruling could encourage litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including us, regarding
the sale of cigarettes labeled as “lights” or “low tar,” and it may limit cigarette manufacturers’ ability to defend such claims. The Supreme Court issued this ruling in a purported “lights” class action, Good
v. Altria Group, Inc. We were not a defendant in
 Good. 

16 

Table of Contents

The U.S. Surgeon General has issued a report regarding the risks of cigarette smoking to non-smokers
that could result in additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, additional restrictions placed on the use of cigarettes, and additional regulations placed on the manufacture or sale of cigarettes. 

In a report entitled “The Health Consequences of Involuntary Exposure to Tobacco Smoke: A Report of the Surgeon General, 2006,”
the U.S. Surgeon General summarized conclusions from previous Surgeon General’s reports concerning the health effects of exposure to second-hand smoke by non-smokers. According to this report, scientific evidence now supports six major
conclusions: 

•

 Second-hand smoke causes premature death and disease in children and in adults who do not smoke. 

•

 Children exposed to second-hand smoke are at an increased risk for sudden infant death syndrome, acute respiratory infections and ear problems.

•

 Exposure of adults to second-hand smoke has immediate adverse effects on the cardiovascular system and causes heart disease and lung cancer.

•

 The scientific evidence indicates that there is no risk-free level of exposure to second-hand smoke. 

•

 Many millions of Americans, both children and adults, are exposed to second-hand smoke in their homes and workplaces. 

•

 Eliminating smoking in indoor spaces fully protects non-smokers from exposure to second-hand smoke. Separating smokers from non-smokers, cleaning the
air, and ventilating buildings cannot eliminate exposures of non-smokers to second-hand smoke. 

This report
could form the basis of additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including us. The report has been and in the future could be used to support existing litigation against us or other cigarette manufacturers. It also is possible that the
Surgeon General’s report could result in additional restrictions placed on cigarette smoking or in additional regulations placed on the manufacture or sale of cigarettes. It is possible that such additional restrictions or regulations could
result in a decrease in cigarette sales in the United States, including sales of our brands. These developments may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We have substantial payment obligations under the State SettlementAgreements which will have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and
operating income in future periods. 

In 1998, Lorillard Tobacco, Philip Morris, RJR Tobacco and Brown &
Williamson Tobacco Corporation (now an affiliate of RJR Tobacco) (the “Original Participating Manufacturers”) entered into the MSA with 46 states and various other governments and jurisdictions to settle asserted and unasserted health care
cost recovery and other claims. We and certain other U.S. tobacco product manufacturers had previously settled similar claims brought by Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota (the “Initial State Settlements” and, together with the MSA,
are referred to as the “State Settlement Agreements).” 

Under the State Settlement Agreements, we paid $1.219
billion in 2011 and estimate that we will pay between $1.350 billion and $1.400 billion in 2012, primarily based on 2011 estimated industry volume. Annual payments under the State Settlement Agreements are required to be paid in perpetuity and are
based, among other things, on our domestic market share and unit volume of domestic shipments, with respect to the MSA, in the year preceding the year in which payment is due, and, with respect to the Initial State Settlements, in the year in which
payment is due. 

In the fourth quarter 2011, RAI, the parent of RJR Tobacco, announced a change to a mark-to-market pension
accounting method. Such method of accounting for pension and postretirement benefits results in the recognition of actuarial gains and losses on pension and postretirement plan assets or benefit obligations in the year it is incurred rather than
amortized over the average future service period of the active employees in such plans. Amounts due under the State Settlement Agreements are impacted by a number of factors, including industry volume, market share and industry operating profits. As
a result of the change to mark-to-market pension accounting announced by RAI, the industry operating profits as defined in the State Settlement Agreements may be impacted positively or negatively in any given year. For example, in 2011 RAI’s
mark-to-market pension adjustment resulted in a $3 million reduction in our obligations under the State Settlement Agreements. It is possible that our State Settlement Agreement obligations, results of operations, cash flows and financial position
could be materially adversely affected by RAI’s mark-to-market adjustments in the future. 

17 

Table of Contents

We are unable to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of
certain material pending litigation. 

We record provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending
litigation when we determine that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Except for the impact of the State Settlement Agreements as described above, while it is reasonably possible that a
loss has been incurred, (i) management has concluded that it is not probable that a loss has been incurred in any material pending litigation against us, (ii) management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss that could
result from an unfavorable outcome in any material pending litigation due to the many variables, uncertainties and complexities surrounding pending litigation, and (iii) accordingly, management has not provided any amounts in the consolidated
financial statements for possible losses related to material pending litigation. It is possible that our results of operations or cash flows in a particular quarterly or annual period or its financial position could be materially adversely affected
by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending or future litigation or an inability to secure bonds where required to stay the execution of judgments on appeal. 

We may not be able to develop, produce or commercialize competitive new products and technologies required by regulatory changes or changes in consumer preferences. 

Consumer health concerns and changes in regulations are likely to require us to introduce new products or make substantial changes to
existing products. For example, all 50 states and the District of Columbia have passed legislation requiring cigarette manufacturers to reduce the ignition propensity of their products. We believe that there may be increasing pressure from public
health authorities to develop a conventional cigarette, an alternative cigarette or an alternative tobacco product that provides a demonstrable reduced risk of adverse health effects. Certain of the other major cigarette makers have already
developed and marketed alternative cigarette products. We may not be able to develop a reduced risk product that is acceptable to consumers. In addition, the costs associated with developing any such new products and technologies could be
substantial. 

We face intense competition and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our
profitability and results of operations. 

We compete primarily on the basis of product quality, brand recognition,
brand loyalty, service, marketing, advertising and price. We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our business. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic
conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors’ introduction of low-priced products or innovative products, higher cigarette taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between price categories, and product regulation that diminishes
the ability to differentiate tobacco products. 

Our principal competitors are the two other major U.S. cigarette
manufacturers, Philip Morris and RJR Tobacco. We also compete against numerous other smaller manufacturers or importers of cigarettes. If our major competitors were to significantly increase the level of price discounts offered to consumers, we
could respond by increasing price discounts, which could have a materially adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. 

We are subject to important limitations on advertising and marketing cigarettes that could harm our competitive position. 

Television and radio advertisements of tobacco products have been prohibited since 1971. Under the State Settlement Agreements, we
generally cannot use billboard advertising, cartoon characters, sponsorship of concerts, non-tobacco merchandise bearing Lorillard’s brand names and various other advertising and marketing techniques. In addition, the MSA prohibits the
targeting of youth in advertising, promotion or marketing of tobacco products. Accordingly, we have determined not to advertise our cigarettes in magazines with large readership among people under the age of 18. On June 22, 2009 the federal
Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act was signed into law granting authority over the regulation of tobacco products to the FDA. Pursuant to the FSPTCA, the FDA reissued a set of marketing and sales restrictions originally promulgated in
1995 as part of an unsuccessful effort by the agency to assert jurisdiction over tobacco products. The FSPTCA contains other restrictions on the advertising, 

18 

Table of Contents

marketing and sale of cigarette products more stringent than those found in the original FDA rule. In addition, many states, cities and counties have enacted legislation or regulations further
restricting tobacco advertising, marketing and sales promotions, and others may do so in the future. Additional restrictions may be imposed or agreed to in the future. These limitations may make it difficult to maintain the value of an existing
brand if sales or market share decline for any reason. Moreover, these limitations significantly impair the ability of cigarette manufacturers, including us, to launch new premium brands. 

Changes in laws, regulations and other requirements could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

In addition to the regulation of our business by the FDA, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely
affected by new or future legal requirements imposed by legislative or regulatory initiatives, including but not limited to those relating to health care reform, climate change and environmental matters. For example, the health care reform
legislation, which was signed into law in March 2010, resulted in the repeal of $2 million of future tax deductions for Medicare Part D subsidies for our retiree drug benefits and could impact our accounting for retiree medical benefits,
employer-sponsored medical plans and related matters in future periods. However, the extent of that impact, if any, cannot be determined until regulations are promulgated and additional interpretations of the health care law are available. New
legislation or regulations may result in increased costs directly for our compliance or indirectly to the extent such requirements increase the prices of goods and services because of increased costs or reduced availability. We cannot predict
whether such legislative or regulatory initiatives will result in significant changes to existing laws and regulations and/or whether any changes in such laws or regulations will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

Sales of cigarettes are subject to substantial federal, state and local excise taxes. 

The federal excise tax on cigarettes was last increased on April 1, 2009 from $0.6166 per pack to $1.0066 per pack to finance health
insurance for children. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2011, combined state and local excise taxes ranged from $0.17 to $5.85 per pack. Various states and localities have raised the excise tax on cigarettes substantially in recent
years. During 2011, state excise tax increases on cigarette sales were implemented in three states and the District of Columbia ranging from $0.20 per pack to $0.40 per pack and one state excise tax decrease of $0.10 per pack in New Hampshire. For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2011, the combined state and municipal taxes ranged from $0.17 to $5.85 per pack of cigarettes. It is our expectation that several states will propose further increases in 2012 and in subsequent years. We
believe that increases in excise and similar taxes have had an adverse impact on sales of cigarettes. In addition, we believe that the 2009 increase in the federal excise tax, as well as possible future increases, the extent of which cannot be
predicted, compounded by poor economic conditions, could result in further volume declines for the cigarette industry, including us, and an increased sales shift toward lower priced discount cigarettes rather than premium brands. 

We are dependent on the domestic cigarette business, which we expect to continue to contract. 

Although we conduct business in Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands, our cigarette business in the 50 states of the United
States (the “domestic cigarette market”) is currently our only significant business. The domestic cigarette market has generally been contracting and we expect it to continue to contract. We do not have foreign cigarette sales that could
offset these effects, as we sold the international rights to substantially all of our brands, including Newport, in 1977. As a result of price increases, restrictions on advertising and promotions, increases in regulation and excise taxes, health
concerns, a decline in the social acceptability of smoking, increased pressure from anti-tobacco groups and other factors, industry-wide domestic cigarette shipments have decreased at a compound annual rate of approximately 3.6% during the period
2001 through 2011. Industry-wide domestic cigarette shipments decreased by an estimated 3.5% for 2011 compared to 2010, 3.8% for 2010 compared to 2009, 8.6% for 2009 compared to 2008 and 3.3% for 2008 compared to 2007. 

We derive most of our revenue from one brand. 

Our largest selling brand, Newport, accounted for approximately 88.4% of our net sales for 2011. Our principal strategic plan revolves around the marketing and sales promotion in support of the Newport
brand. We cannot ensure that we will continue to successfully implement our strategic plan with respect to Newport or that implementation of our strategic plan will result in the maintenance or growth of the Newport brand. 

19 

Table of Contents

The use of significant amounts of promotion expenses and sales incentives in response to competitive
actions and market price sensitivity may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Since 1998, the cigarette
market has been increasingly price competitive due to the impact of, among other things, higher state and local excise taxes and the market share of deep discount brands. In response to these and other competitor actions and pricing pressures, we
have engaged in significant use of promotional expenses and sales incentives. The cost of these measures could have a material adverse impact on our business. We regularly review the results of our promotional spending activities and adjust our
promotional spending programs in an effort to maintain our competitive position. Accordingly, unit sales volume and sales promotion costs in any period are not necessarily indicative of sales and costs that may be realized in subsequent periods.

We rely on a limited number of key executives and may continue to experience difficulty in attracting and hiring qualified new
personnel in some areas of our business. 

The loss of any of our key employees could adversely affect our business. As
a tobacco company, we may experience difficulty in identifying and hiring qualified executives and other personnel in some areas of our business. This difficulty is primarily attributable to the health and social issues associated with the tobacco
industry. The loss of services of any key personnel or our inability to attract and hire personnel with requisite skills could restrict our ability to develop new products, enhance existing products in a timely manner, sell products or manage our
business effectively. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Increased restrictions on smoking in public places could adversely affect our sales volume, revenue and profitability. 

In recent years, states and many local and municipal governments and agencies, as well as private businesses, have adopted legislation,
regulations or policies which prohibit, restrict, or discourage smoking; smoking in public buildings and facilities, stores, restaurants and bars; and smoking on airline flights and in the workplace. Other similar laws and regulations are currently
under consideration and may be enacted by state and local governments in the future. Although we have no empirical evidence of the effect of such restrictions, we believe that restrictions on smoking in public and other places may lead to a decrease
in the number of people who smoke or a decrease in the number of cigarettes smoked by smokers. Increased restrictions on smoking in public and other places may have caused a decrease, and may continue to cause a decrease in the volume of cigarettes
that would otherwise be sold by us absent such restrictions, which may have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits. 

We rely on a single manufacturing facility for the production of our cigarettes. 

We produce all of our cigarettes at our Greensboro, North Carolina manufacturing facility. If our manufacturing plant is damaged,
destroyed or incapacitated or we are otherwise unable to operate our manufacturing facility, we may be unable to produce cigarettes and may be unable to meet customer demand which could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and
profits. 

We rely on a small number of suppliers for certain of our domestic leaf tobacco and reconstituted tobacco. 

We purchased approximately 70% of our domestic leaf tobacco through one supplier in 2009, 2010 and 2011, Alliance One International, Inc.
(“Alliance One”). If Alliance One becomes unwilling or unable to supply leaf tobacco to us, we believe that leaf tobacco may not be available at prices comparable to those we pay to Alliance One, which could have a material adverse effect
on our future profits. In addition, we purchase all of our reconstituted tobacco from one supplier, which is an affiliate of RAI, one of our major competitors. Reconstituted tobacco is a form of tobacco material manufactured as a paper-like sheet
from small pieces of tobacco that are too small to incorporate into the cigarette directly and may include some tobacco stems, and which is used as a component of cigarette blends. If RAI becomes unwilling or unable to supply us and we are unable to
find an alternative supplier on a timely basis, our operations could be disrupted resulting in lower production levels and reduced sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits in the future. 

20 

Table of Contents

The availability of counterfeit cigarettes could adversely affect our sales volume, revenue and
profitability. 

Sales of counterfeit cigarettes in the United States, including counterfeits of our Newport brand,
could adversely impact sales by the manufacturers of the brands that are counterfeited and potentially damage the value and reputation of those brands. Additionally, smokers who mistake counterfeit cigarettes for our cigarettes may attribute quality
and taste deficiencies in the counterfeit product to our brands and discontinue purchasing our brands. Although we do not believe that sales of counterfeit Newport cigarettes have had a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and
profits to date, the availability of counterfeit Newport cigarettes together with the potential regulation of cigarettes and their ingredients, substantial increases in excise taxes and other potential price increases could result in increased
demand for counterfeit product that could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits in the future. 

We may
not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brands and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our intellectual property is material to the conduct of our business. Our ability to maintain and further build brand recognition is dependent on the continued and exclusive use of our trademarks, service
marks, trade dress, trade secrets and other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and logo and the unique features of our tobacco products. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are ineffective, thereby permitting a
third-party to misappropriate or infringe on our intellectual property, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and might prevent our brands from growing or maintaining market share.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could
decrease the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that
are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include: 

•

 a board of directors that is divided into three classes with staggered terms; 

•

 elimination of the right of our shareholders to act by written consent; 

•

 rules regarding how our shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; 

•

 the right of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; and 

•

 limitations on the right of shareholders to remove directors. 

Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our
outstanding Common Stock. 

We believe these provisions protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover
tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our board with time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to prevent such takeovers. However, these provisions apply
even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is not in our best interests and those of our shareholders. 

The Separation Agreement between us and Loews contains provisions that may prevent or discourage other companies from acquiring us.

The tax-free nature of the Separation may be affected by certain transactions undertaken by us. In particular, under
Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Separation would become taxable to Loews if it was determined that 50% or more of the shares of our Common Stock were acquired, directly or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related
transactions that included the Separation. If, as a result of acquisitions of our Common Stock subsequent to the Separation, the Separation becomes taxable pursuant to Section 355(e), Loews would recognize

21 

Table of Contents

a substantial gain for tax purposes as the Separation would be treated as a sale of Lorillard for federal income tax purposes. The Separation Agreement requires us (and any successor entity) to
indemnify Loews for any losses resulting from the failure of the Separation to qualify as a tax free transaction (except if the failure to qualify is solely due to Loews’s fault). This indemnification obligation applies regardless of whether
the action is restricted as described above, or whether we or a potential acquirer obtains a supplemental ruling or an opinion of counsel. These restrictions and potential indemnification obligations may prevent or discourage other companies from
acquiring us. 

We are required to indemnify Loews against losses and other expenses incurred at any time (including with respect to
smoking and health claims and litigation) with respect to our assets, properties and businesses. 

In the Separation
Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify Loews and its officers, directors, employees and agents against costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, litigation matters and other claims) based on, arising out of or resulting from, among other
things, the ownership or the operation of us and our assets and properties, and the operation or conduct of us and our businesses at any time prior to or following the Separation (including with respect to smoking and health claims and litigation).
If Loews incurs legal or other fees or costs and expenses resulting from the operation of our businesses or otherwise with respect to us, we are required to reimburse Loews for such losses and any legal or other fees related thereto, which could be
substantial. These indemnification obligations may discourage third parties from trying to acquire us because our indemnification obligations are binding on our successors and we are prohibited by the Separation Agreement from merging, consolidating
or transferring all or a significant portion of our properties or assets unless the resulting entity, transferee or successor agrees to be bound by these indemnification obligations. In addition, we could face substantial charges for indemnification
payments to Loews, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

We do not believe the Separation has altered or will alter our legal exposure with respect to tobacco-related claims.