FDA regulation of
menthol in cigarettes and concerns that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks could adversely affect our business. 

Some plaintiffs in our litigation and constituencies, including the FDA and other public health agencies, have claimed or expressed concerns that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks and
may impact public health more than non- mentholated cigarettes, including concerns that mentholated cigarettes may make it easier to start smoking and harder to quit, and may seek restrictions or a ban on the production and sale of mentholated
cigarettes. For example, it is likely that in 2014 the European Union will adopt a ban on the sale of characterizing flavors in cigarettes, including menthol, which would become effective by 2022. Any ban or material limitation on the use of menthol
in cigarettes would materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Following the
passage of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act (the “FSPTCA”) in June 2009, the FDA established the Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee (the “TPSAC”) to evaluate, among other things, “the impact
of the use of menthol in cigarettes on the public health, including such use among children, African-Americans, Hispanics, and other racial and ethnic minorities.” In addition, the FSPTCA permits the FDA to impose restrictions regarding the use
of menthol in cigarettes, including a ban, if those restrictions would be appropriate for the public health. The TPSAC or the Menthol Report Subcommittee held meetings on March 30-31, 2010, July 15-16, 2010, September 27,
2010, October 7, 2010, November 18, 2010, January 10-11, 2011, February 10-11, 2011, March 2, 2011, March 17-18, 2011 and July 21, 2011 to consider the issues surrounding the use of
menthol in cigarettes. At the March 18, 2011 meeting, TPSAC presented its report and recommendations on menthol. The report’s findings included that menthol likely increases experimentation and regular smoking, menthol likely increases the
likelihood and degree of addiction for youth smokers, non-white menthol smokers (particularly African-Americans) are less likely to quit smoking 

12 

Table of Contents

and are less responsive to certain cessation medications, and that consumers continue to believe that smoking menthol cigarettes is less harmful than smoking non-menthol cigarettes as a result of
the cigarette industry’s historical marketing. TPSAC’s overall recommendation to the FDA was that “[r]emoval of menthol cigarettes from the marketplace would benefit public health in the United States.” At the July 21, 2011
meeting, TPSAC considered revisions to its report, and the voting members unanimously approved the final report for submission to the FDA with no change in its recommendation. 

On June 27, 2011, the FDA provided a progress report on its review of the science related to menthol cigarettes. In the June 2011 update, the FDA stated that “[e]xperts within the FDA Center for
Tobacco Products are conducting an independent review of the science related to the impact [of menthol] in cigarettes on public health…” The FDA stated that it would submit its draft independent review of menthol science to an external
peer review panel in July 2011. On January 26, 2012, the FDA provided a second progress report on its review of the science related to menthol cigarettes. In its January 2012 update, the FDA stated that “FDA submitted its report to
external scientists for peer review, and the agency is revising its report based on their feedback.” On July 23, 2013, the FDA made available its preliminary scientific evaluation (“PSE”) of public health issues related to the
use of menthol in cigarettes and peer review comments thereto. Although the FDA PSE found that menthol in cigarettes is not associated with increased smoke toxicity, increased levels of biomarkers of exposure or increased disease risk, the
evaluation concluded that menthol in cigarettes is likely associated with increased initiation and progression to regular cigarette smoking, increased dependence, reduced success of smoking cessation, especially among African American menthol
smokers, altered physiological responses to tobacco smoke and particular patterns of smoking. In the preliminary scientific evaluation, the FDA concluded that menthol cigarettes likely pose a public health risk above that seen with non-menthol
cigarettes. The FDA also issued an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (“ANPRM”) seeking comments on the PSE and requesting additional information related to potential regulatory options it might consider for the regulation of menthol.
The FDA requested comments regarding, among other things, information on potential product standards for levels of menthol in cigarettes; the timeframe for compliance with any product standard enacted; whether a stepped approach to lowering or
removing menthol from cigarettes would be appropriate; whether sales, distribution, advertising or promotion restrictions are appropriate; and evidence, including public health impact, of any potential illicit market in menthol cigarettes should
they no longer be available. In addition, the FDA announced that it is funding new research on, among other things, the differences between menthol and nonmenthol cigarettes to obtain information to assist FDA in making informed decisions related to
potential regulation of menthol in cigarettes. The FDA established a 60-day comment period for the ANPRM and PSE, and said it will consider all comments and other information submitted to determine what, if any, regulatory action is appropriate. On
September 11, 2013, the FDA extended the comment period for an additional 60 days to November 22, 2013. On November 21, 2013, the Company provided comments on the ANPRM and PSE to the FDA. If the FDA determines that regulation of
menthol is warranted, the FDA could promulgate regulations that, among other things, could result in a ban on or restrictions on the use of menthol in cigarettes. 

Since we are the leading manufacturer of mentholated cigarettes in the United States, we could face increased exposure to tobacco-related litigation as a result of such allegations. Even if such claims
are unsubstantiated, increased concerns about the health impact of mentholated cigarettes could materially adversely affect our sales, including sales of Newport. A ban or limitation on the use of menthol in cigarettes by the FDA would materially
adversely affect our business. 

The regulation of cigarettes by the Food and Drug Administration may materially adversely affect our
business. 

In June 2009, the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act was enacted granting the FDA authority
to regulate tobacco products. As it relates to cigarettes, the legislation: 

•

 establishes a Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee to, among other things, evaluate the issues surrounding the use of menthol as a flavoring
or ingredient in cigarettes and issue a nonbinding recommendation to the FDA regarding menthol; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 grants the FDA the regulatory authority to consider and impose broad additional restrictions through a rule making process, including a ban on the use
of menthol in cigarettes; 

•

 requires larger and more severe health warnings, including graphic images, on cigarette packs, cartons and advertising; 

•

 bans the use of descriptors on cigarettes, such as “low tar” and “light”; 

•

 requires the disclosure of cigarette ingredients and additives; 

•

 requires pre-market approval by the FDA of all new cigarette products, including substantially equivalent products; 

•

 requires pre-market approval by the FDA for claims made with respect to reduced risk or reduced exposure products; 

•

 allows the FDA to require the reduction of nicotine or any other compound in cigarettes; 

•

 allows the FDA to mandate the use of reduced risk technologies in cigarettes; 

•

 allows the FDA to place more severe restrictions on the advertising, marketing and sales of cigarettes; and 

•

 permits possible inconsistent state and local regulation of the advertising or promotion of cigarettes and eliminates the existing federal preemption
of such regulation. 

We believe that such regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business.
For example, under the FSPTCA, we must file a report with the FDA substantiating that any cigarettes introduced or modified after February 15, 2007 are “substantially equivalent” to cigarettes on the market before that date to enable
the agency to determine whether the new or modified products are “substantially equivalent” to specific predicate products already being sold. For any products introduced or modified between February 15, 2007 and March 22, 2011,
initial reports were required to be filed with the FDA on or before March 22, 2011. The FDA announced that a product introduced or modified before March 22, 2011 may remain on the market pending the FDA’s review, provided a
“substantially equivalent” report was filed with the FDA on or before March 22, 2011. We believe, based on the limited guidance issued by the FDA to date, that we were required to file, and have filed, reports for all of our
cigarettes on or before March 22, 2011 since modifications had been made to our products since 2007. While all of our cigarettes may remain on the market pending the FDA’s review, they are subject to removal should the FDA determine any
are not “substantially equivalent.” 

In addition, products introduced on or after March 22, 2011 require
pre-market approval by the FDA which may be subject to similar or more restrictive procedures. One component of our strategic plan is the introduction of new cigarette products in adjacent market segments, in which we do not have a significant
presence. We have submitted a number of requests for approval of substantially equivalent new products with the FDA. Although we believe that the statutory language of the FSPTCA suggests the pre-market approval process should take 90 days for
substantially equivalent new products, the FDA has approved only two substantially equivalent new product applications by us on June 25, 2013 (after more than 20 months of review). We believe our ability to execute our strategic plan has been
negatively impacted by the delay in the FDA’s new product approval process. 

Pursuant to the FSPTCA, the FDA may also
undertake various investigative and enforcement actions, including facility inspections, requests for documentation and other information, other examinations and investigations, seeking injunctive relief, money penalties and product withdrawals,
recalls and seizures. Any of these FDA actions could result in significant costs to our businesses or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. 

14 

Table of Contents

As of February 14, 2014, Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant in approximately 6,832 tobacco-related
lawsuits including approximately 655 cases in which Lorillard, Inc. is a co-defendant. Lorillard, Inc. is a defendant in one case in which Lorillard Tobacco is not a defendant. These cases, which are extremely costly to defend, could result in
substantial judgments against Lorillard Tobacco and/or Lorillard, Inc. 

Numerous legal actions, proceedings and claims
arising out of the sale, distribution, manufacture, development, advertising, marketing and claimed health effects of cigarettes are pending against Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., and it is likely that similar claims will continue to be
filed for the foreseeable future. In addition, several cases have been filed against Lorillard Tobacco and other tobacco companies challenging certain provisions of the MSA among major tobacco manufacturers and 46 states and various other
governments and jurisdictions, and state statutes promulgated to carry out and enforce the MSA. 

Punitive damages, often in
amounts ranging into the billions of dollars, are specifically pleaded in a number of cases in addition to compensatory and other damages. It is possible that the outcome of these cases, individually or in the aggregate, could result in bankruptcy.
It is also possible that Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. may be unable to post a surety bond in an amount sufficient to stay execution of a judgment in jurisdictions that require such bond pending an appeal on the merits of the case. Even if
Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. are successful in defending some or all of these actions, these types of cases are very expensive to defend. A material increase in the number of pending claims could significantly increase defense costs and
have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Further, adverse decisions in litigations against other tobacco companies could have an adverse impact on the industry, including us. 

Plaintiffs have been awarded damages, including punitive damages, from Lorillard Tobacco in a Conventional Product Liability Case.

In December 2010, a Massachusetts jury awarded damages, including punitive damages, from Lorillard Tobacco in a
Conventional Product Liability Case, Evans v. Lorillard Tobacco Company (Superior Court, Suffolk County, Massachusetts). In September 2011, the court reduced the compensatory damages awarded to the estate of a deceased smoker to $25 million
and reduced the award to the deceased smoker’s son to $10 million. The court declined to reduce the jury’s award of $81 million in punitive damages. In December 2011, the court entered a final judgment that awarded $35 million in
compensatory damages, $81 million in punitive damages, approximately $2.6 million in attorneys’ fees and costs, and interest on the damages awards at the rate of 12% per year from the date the case was filed in 2004. On June 11, 2013,
the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court affirmed the compensatory damages award but remanded the case to the trial court for a new trial on the issue of punitive damages, finding that the jury was inadequately instructed regarding the application
of various theories of negligence. Lorillard Tobacco filed a petition for rehearing, which was denied on July 26, 2013. In September 2013, plaintiff filed a motion seeking immediate entry of judgment on the compensatory damages award. At a
status conference on September 17, 2013, the trial judge rejected defendant’s proposed procedures for retrial of plaintiff’s claims. Lorillard Tobacco incurred a charge of $79 million, including $35 million for compensatory damages
plus statutory interest of 12% per year since June 28, 2004. This amount was paid in October 2013, and the case has been dismissed in its entirety and is now concluded. 

The Florida Supreme Court’s ruling in Engle has resulted in additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including us. 

The case of Engle v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et al. (Circuit Court, Dade County, Florida, filed May 5, 1994) was certified
as a class action on behalf of Florida residents, and survivors of Florida residents, who were injured or died from medical conditions allegedly caused by addiction to smoking. The case was tried between 1998 and 2000 in a multi-phase trial that
resulted in verdicts in favor of the class. In 2006, the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling that, among other things, determined that the case could not proceed further as a class action. In February 2008, the trial court entered an order on
remand from the Florida Supreme Court that formally decertified the class. 

15 

Table of Contents

The 2006 ruling by the Florida Supreme Court in Engle also permitted members of the

Engle class to file individual claims, including claims for punitive damages. The Florida Supreme Court held that these individual plaintiffs are entitled to rely on a number of the jury’s findings in favor of the plaintiffs in the first
phase of the 
Engle trial. These findings included that smoking cigarettes causes a number of diseases; that cigarettes are addictive or dependence-producing; and that the defendants, including Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., were
negligent, breached express and implied warranties, placed cigarettes on the market that were defective and unreasonably dangerous, and concealed or conspired to conceal the risks of smoking. Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant in approximately 4,197
cases pending in various state and federal courts in Florida that were filed by members of the 
Engle class (the “
Engle Progeny Cases”), including 651 cases in which Lorillard, Inc. is a co-defendant. 

As of February 14, 2014, trial was not underway in any Engle Progeny Cases in which Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant. As of
February 14, 2014, Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. are defendants in
 Engle Progeny Cases that have been placed on courts’ 2014 and 2015 trial calendars or in which specific trial dates have been set. Trial schedules are
subject to change and it is not possible to predict how many of the
 Engle Progeny Cases pending against Lorillard Tobacco or Lorillard, Inc. will be tried in 2014 and 2015. It also is not possible to predict whether some courts will implement
procedures that consolidate multiple 
Engle Progeny Cases for trial. 

Trials of some of the Engle Progeny Cases have resulted in
verdicts that have awarded damages from cigarette manufacturers, including us. 

As of February 14, 2014, Lorillard
has been a defendant in 16 Engle Progeny Cases tried to a verdict. Plaintiffs in twelve 
Engle Progeny Cases were awarded compensatory damages from Lorillard Tobacco. In eleven of these cases the damages were awarded by the jury, and in
one case the court entered an order following trial that awarded plaintiff compensatory damages. In three of the twelve cases, plaintiffs were awarded punitive damages from Lorillard Tobacco. Lorillard, Inc. was a defendant in one of these twelve
cases at the time of verdict. The twelve cases are listed below in the order in which the verdicts were returned: 

•

 In Mrozek v. Lorillard Tobacco Company (Circuit Court, Fourth Judicial Circuit, Duval County, Florida), the jury awarded plaintiff a total of $6
million in compensatory damages and $11.3 million in punitive damages in March 2011. The jury apportioned 35% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker and 65% to Lorillard Tobacco. The final judgment entered by the trial court
reflected the jury’s verdict and awarded plaintiff $3,900,588 in compensatory damages and $11,300,000 in punitive damages plus 6% annual interest. A motion filed by Lorillard Tobacco to disqualify the trial judge based on comments he made in
another
 Engle Progeny trial was denied in July 2012 and a petition filed by Lorillard Tobacco requesting that the Florida First District Court of Appeal review that decision was denied in January 2013. In December 2012, the Florida First
District Court of Appeal affirmed the final judgment awarding compensatory and punitive damages and Lorillard Tobacco’s motion for rehearing of the appellate court opinion was denied in February 2013. In March 2013, Lorillard Tobacco filed a
notice with the Florida Supreme Court seeking review of the appellate court decision. In April 2013, the Florida Supreme Court ordered Lorillard Tobacco to show cause why the Florida Supreme Court’s decision in
 Douglas, which addressed
the application of the 
Engle Phase I findings, is not controlling in this case. Lorillard Tobacco filed a response to this order in May 2013. On February 14, 2014, the Florida Supreme Court declined to grant review of this case. The
Florida First District Court of Appeal provisionally granted plaintiff’s motion for appellate attorneys’ fees, ruling that the trial court is authorized to award appellate fees if the trial court determines entitlement to attorneys’
fees. In June 2013, the trial court granted plaintiffs’ motion for entitlement to trial court attorneys’ costs and fees and also determined that plaintiff was entitled to intermediate appellate court attorneys’ fees. As of
February 14, 2014, the trial court had not determined the amount of trial court or intermediate appellate court fees to award. On November 18, 2013, plaintiff filed a motion with the Florida Supreme Court seeking attorneys’ fees in
connection with the appeal to the Florida Supreme Court. On February 14, 2014, the Florida Supreme Court provisionally granted plantiff’s motion for attorney fees for $2,500, subject to the trial court’s
determination.

16 

Table of Contents

•

 In Tullo v. R.J. Reynolds, et al. (Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Florida), the jury awarded plaintiff a total of $4.5 million in
compensatory damages in April 2011. The jury assessed 45% of the fault to the smoker, 5% to Lorillard Tobacco and 50% to other defendants. The jury did not award punitive damages to the plaintiff. The court entered a final judgment that awarded
plaintiff $225,000 in compensatory damages from Lorillard Tobacco plus 6% annual interest. Defendants noticed an appeal from the final judgment to the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal. In August 2013, the Florida Fourth District Court of
Appeal affirmed the final judgment. On October 16, 2013 defendants filed a notice with the Florida Supreme Court seeking review of the appellate court decision. As of February 14, 2014, the Florida Supreme Court had not announced whether
it would grant review. The Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal provisionally granted plaintiff’s motion for appellate attorneys’ fees, ruling that the trial court is authorized to award appellate fees if the trial court determines
entitlement to attorneys’ fees. As of February 14, 2014, the trial court had not determined the amount of appellate fees to award. 

•

 In Sulcer v. Lorillard Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Escambia County, Florida), in April 2011, the jury awarded $225,000 in
compensatory damages to the plaintiff and it assessed 95% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker with 5% allocated to Lorillard Tobacco. The jury returned a verdict for Lorillard Tobacco as to whether plaintiff is entitled to
punitive damages. The court entered a final judgment that incorporated the jury’s determination of the parties’ fault and awarded plaintiff $11,250 in compensatory damages. Lorillard Tobacco paid approximately $246,000 to resolve the
damages verdict, costs and fees. Following this payment, 
Sulcer was concluded. 

•

 In Jewett v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et al. (Circuit Court, Duval County, Florida), the jury awarded the estate of the decedent $692,981 in
compensatory damages and awarded the plaintiff $400,000 for loss of companionship in May 2011. The jury assessed 70% of the responsibility for the decedent’s injuries to the decedent, 20% to R.J. Reynolds and 10% to Lorillard Tobacco. The jury
determined that no punitive damages were warranted. The final judgment entered by the trial court reflected the jury’s verdict and awarded plaintiff a total of $109,298 from Lorillard Tobacco plus 6% annual interest. In June 2012, an agreement
was reached between the parties as to the amount of trial court costs and attorneys’ fees incurred, should the judgment be upheld on appeal, and plaintiff’s motion for costs and attorneys’ fees was withdrawn. In November 2012, the
Florida First District Court of Appeal reversed the judgment awarding compensatory damages and ordered the case returned to the trial court for a new trial. In January 2013, the appellate court denied a motion filed by the plaintiff for rehearing of
the decision reversing the judgment. Both the plaintiff and defendants have filed notices with the Florida Supreme Court seeking review of the appellate court decision. On February 14, 2014, the Florida Supreme Court declined to grant review of
this case. 

•

 In Weingart v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Florida), in July 2011, the jury determined that the
decedent did not sustain any compensatory damages from the defendants, including Lorillard Tobacco, and it returned a verdict for the defendants that punitive damages were not warranted. The jury assessed 91% of the fault for the decedent’s
injuries to the decedent, 3% to Lorillard Tobacco and 3% to each of the other two defendants. Following trial, the court granted in part a motion by the plaintiff to award damages, and it tentatively awarded plaintiff $150,000 in compensatory
damages. The court entered a final judgment that applied the jury’s comparative fault determinations to the court’s award of compensatory damages. The final judgment awarded plaintiff $4,500 from Lorillard Tobacco. Defendants noticed an
appeal to the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal from the order that awarded compensatory damages to the plaintiff and amended their notice of appeal to address the final judgment. On February 13, 2013, the Florida Fourth District Court of
Appeal affirmed the final judgment awarding compensatory damages. Defendants filed a notice with the Florida Supreme Court seeking review of this decision. In March 2012, the trial court entered a judgment against the defendants for costs with
Lorillard Tobacco’s share amounting to $43,081 plus 4.75% annual interest. Defendants noticed an appeal from this costs judgment. In June 2013, all defendants satisfied both the final judgment awarding compensatory damages and the costs

17 

Table of Contents

judgment, with Lorillard Tobacco’s share amounting to approximately $50,000. Defendants’ petition for Florida Supreme Court review and the appeal from the costs judgment have been
dismissed. This case is now concluded. 

•

 In Sury v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al., (Circuit Court, Duval County, Florida), in November 2011, the jury awarded plaintiff
$1,000,000 in compensatory damages and assessed 60% of the responsibility for the decedent’s injuries to the decedent, 20% to Lorillard Tobacco and 20% to R.J. Reynolds. The jury returned a verdict for the defendants regarding whether punitive
damages were warranted. In March 2012, the court entered a final judgment against defendants in the amount of $1,000,000, jointly and severally, plus 4.75% annual interest, declining to apply the jury’s comparative fault findings to causes of
action alleging intentional conduct. On June 24, 2013, the Florida First District Court of Appeal affirmed the final judgment. Lorillard Tobacco’s motion for rehearing of this decision with the Florida First District Court of Appeal was
denied in August 2013. The Florida Supreme Court declined review of the intermediate appellate court decision in January 2014. In December 2012, Lorillard Tobacco reached an agreement with the plaintiff to resolve the trial costs and fees,
conditioned on the judgment being upheld on appeal. In June 2013, the First District Court of Appeal determined that plaintiff was entitled to attorneys’ fees in connection with the appeal to the First District Court of Appeal and directed the
trial court to determine the amount. As of February 14, 2014, the trial court had not determined the amount. In October 2013, the plaintiff filed a motion with the Florida Supreme Court seeking attorneys’ fees and costs in connection with the
appeal to the Florida Supreme Court. The Florida Supreme Court granted the motion and awarded plaintiff $2,500 in fees. 

•

 In Alexander v. Lorillard Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Eleventh Judicial Circuit, Miami-Dade County, Florida) the jury awarded
plaintiff $20,000,000 in compensatory damages and $25,000,000 in punitive damages in February and March 2012. Lorillard Tobacco is the only defendant in this case. The jury apportioned 20% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker
and 80% to Lorillard Tobacco. In March 2012, the court entered a final judgment that applied the jury’s comparative fault determination to the court’s award of compensatory damages, awarding the plaintiff $16,000,000 in compensatory
damages and $25,000,000 in punitive damages from Lorillard Tobacco. In May 2012, the court granted a motion by Lorillard Tobacco to lower the amount of compensatory damages and reduced the amount awarded to $10,000,000 from Lorillard Tobacco. Other
post-trial motions challenging the verdict were denied. The court entered an amended final judgment that applied the jury’s comparative fault determination to the court’s award of compensatory damages, awarding the plaintiff $8,000,000 in
compensatory damages and $25,000,000 in punitive damages, plus the statutory rate of interest, which is currently 4.75%. In September 2012, an agreement was reached between the parties as to the amount of costs and attorneys’ fees incurred,
should the judgment be upheld on appeal. Lorillard Tobacco noticed an appeal from the amended final judgment to the Florida Third District Court of Appeal. On September 4, 2013, the Florida Third District Court of Appeal affirmed the amended
final judgment awarding compensatory and punitive damages. Lorillard Tobacco’s motion for rehearing of this decision with the Florida Third District Court of Appeal was denied in October 2013. On November 27, 2013, Lorillard Tobacco filed
a petition with the Florida Supreme Court seeking review of the intermediate appellate court decision. As of February 14, 2014, the Florida Supreme Court had not announced whether it would grant review of this case. On January 3, 2014, the
plaintiff filed a motion with the Florida Supreme Court seeking attorneys’ fees in connection with the appeal to the Florida Supreme Court. As of February 14, 2014, the Florida Supreme Court had not ruled on this motion. In September 2013,
the Florida Third District Court of Appeal determined that plaintiff was entitled to intermediate appellate court attorneys’ fees in connection with the appeal to the Florida Third District Court of Appeal and directed the trial court to
determine the amount. As of February 14, 2014, the trial court had not determined the amount of such attorneys’ fees to award. 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 In Calloway v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Seventeenth Judicial Circuit, Broward County, Florida), the jury awarded
plaintiff and a daughter of the decedent a total of $20,500,000 in compensatory damages in May 2012. The jury apportioned 20.5% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker, 27% to R.J. Reynolds, 25% to Philip Morris, 18% to Lorillard
Tobacco, and 9.5% to Liggett. The jury awarded $12,600,000 in punitive damages from Lorillard Tobacco and $42,250,000 from the other defendants, for a total punitive damages award of $54,850,000. In August 2012, the court granted a post-trial motion
by the defendants and lowered the compensatory damages award to $16,100,000. The court also ruled that the jury’s finding on the plaintiff’s percentage of comparative fault would not be applied to reduce the compensatory damage award
because the jury found in favor of the plaintiff on her claims alleging intentional conduct. In August 2012, the court entered final judgment against defendants in the amount of $16,100,000 in compensatory damages, jointly and severally, and
$54,850,000 in punitive damages, plus the statutory rate of interest. Lorillard Tobacco is liable for $12,600,000 of the total punitive damages award. The final judgment also granted plaintiff’s application for trial court costs and
attorneys’ fees, but as of February 14, 2014, the trial court had not awarded an amount. Defendants have noticed an appeal from the final judgment to the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal. 

•

 In Evers v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Thirteenth Judicial Circuit, Hillsborough County, Florida), the jury awarded
plaintiff and the estate of the decedent a total of $3,230,000 in compensatory damages in February 2013. The jury apportioned 31% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker, 60% to R.J. Reynolds and 9% to Lorillard Tobacco. The jury
found that punitive damages against Lorillard Tobacco were not warranted and awarded $12,362,042 in punitive damages from R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. The Court granted a post-trial motion by R.J. Reynolds for a directed verdict on punitive
damages and, as a result, the jury’s punitive damages award was set aside. The Court denied a motion filed by the plaintiff to reconsider the directed verdict. At a post-trial hearing, the plaintiff waived entitlement to the jury’s loss of
services award which amounted to $280,000 of the total compensatory damages award. In May 2013, the court entered a final judgment that applied the jury’s comparative fault determinations and awarded plaintiff and the estate of the decedent
$2,035,500 in compensatory damages ($256,500 from Lorillard Tobacco), plus the statutory rate of interest. Plaintiff and defendants have both appealed the final judgment to the Florida Second District Court of Appeal. Plaintiff also filed a motion
for entitlement to trial attorneys’ fees and costs. As of February 14, 2014, the trial court had not ruled on this motion. In January 2014, plaintiff filed another petition with the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal seeking to
disqualify the trial judge. As of February 14, 2014, the trial court had not ruled on this motion. 

•

 In Cohen v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida), the jury awarded
plaintiff and the estate of the decedent a total of $2,055,050 in compensatory damages in May 2013. The jury apportioned 40% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker, 30% to R.J. Reynolds, 20% to Lorillard Tobacco, and 10% to
Liggett. The jury found that punitive damages were not warranted against any of the defendants. On May 6, 2013, the Court entered final judgment against defendants in the amount of $1,233,030 ($411,010 from Lorillard Tobacco) plus 4.75% annual
interest. On July 10, 2013, the Court entered an order granting defendants’ motion for a new trial based on the plaintiff’s improper arguments during closing. This order effectively vacated the final judgment. Plaintiff has filed a
notice of appeal from the order granting the motion for new trial to the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal. Plaintiff’s petition with the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal seeking to disqualify the trial court judge from further
consideration of this case was denied in November 2013. 

•

 In Ruffo v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Eleventh Judicial Circuit, Miami-Dade County, Florida), the jury awarded
plaintiff $1,500,000 in compensatory damages in May 2013. The jury apportioned 85% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker, 12% to Philip Morris, and 3% to Lorillard Tobacco. Defendants’ post-trial motions challenging the
verdict were denied. On October 4, 2013, the Court entered a final judgment against defendants that applied the jury’s 

19 

Table of Contents

comparative fault determinations and awarded plaintiff $225,000 in compensatory damages ($45,000 from Lorillard Tobacco) plus the statutory rate of interest which is currently 4.75%. Defendants
have noticed an appeal from the final judgment to the Florida Third District Court of Appeal. Plaintiff has filed a motion with the trial court seeking entitlement to attorneys’ costs and fees. As of February 14, 2014, the trial court had
not ruled on this motion. 

•

 In Gafney v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida), the jury awarded
plaintiff a total of $5,800,000 in compensatory damages in September 2013. The jury apportioned 34% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker, 33% to R.J. Reynolds, and 33% to Lorillard Tobacco. Lorillard, Inc. was also a defendant
in this trial but damages and comparative fault were not assessed separately for Lorillard, Inc. Because the jury found in favor of the defendants on the claims alleging intentional conduct, the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. On
September 26, 2013, the Court entered a final judgment that applied the jury’s comparative fault determinations and awarded the plaintiff a total of $3,828,000 in compensatory damages ($1,914,000 from Lorillard Tobacco), plus the statutory
rate of interest. Defendants’ post-trial motions challenging the verdict were denied in November 2013. Defendants have noticed an appeal from the final judgment to the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal. Plaintiff has filed a motion with
the trial court seeking entitlement to attorneys’ fees and costs. As of February 14, 2014, the trial court had not ruled on this motion. 

As of February 14, 2014, verdicts have been returned in 100 Engle Progeny Cases in which neither Lorillard Tobacco nor Lorillard, Inc. were defendants since the Florida Supreme Court issued
its 2006 ruling. Juries awarded compensatory damages and punitive damages in 31 of these trials. The punitive damages awards have totaled approximately $709 million and have ranged from $20,000 to $244 million. In 30 of the trials, juries awarded
only compensatory damages. In the 39 other trials, juries found in favor of the defendants. In some of the trials decided in the defendants’ favor, plaintiffs have filed motions challenging the verdicts and in some cases, appeals from final
judgments are pending before various Florida circuit and intermediate appellate courts. As of February 14, 2014, one verdict in favor of the defendants has been reversed on appeal and returned to the trial court for a new trial on all issues.
It is not possible to predict the final outcome of this litigation. 

Various intermediate state and federal Florida appellate
courts have issued rulings that address the scope of the preclusive effect of the findings from the first phase of the Engle trial, including whether those findings relieve plaintiffs from the burden of proving certain legal elements of their
claims. The Florida Supreme Court granted review in the 
Douglas case, in which a verdict awarding compensatory damages to the plaintiff was affirmed by an intermediate state Florida appellate court, to address the issue of whether a tobacco
manufacturer’s due process rights are violated by reliance upon the 
Engle Phase I findings. On March 14, 2013, the Florida Supreme Court ruled that application of the 
Engle Phase I findings to establish certain elements of
plaintiffs’ claims is not a violation of the
 Engle defendants’ due process rights. In order to prevail on either strict liability or negligence claims, the Court found that plaintiffs must establish (i) membership in the

Engle class; (ii) that addiction to smoking the 
Engle defendants’ cigarettes containing nicotine was a legal cause of the injuries alleged and (iii) damages. On August 12, 2013, defendants filed a petition with the
United States Supreme Court seeking review of the Florida Supreme Court’s decision. This petition for review was denied on October 7, 2013. The due process issue was also on appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh
Circuit in two cases that had been consolidated for appeal: 
Duke and
 Walker. On September 6, 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Court affirmed the verdicts in these cases, holding that the judgment of the
Florida Supreme Court in
 Douglas should be given full faith and credit, and that deference to the decision in
 Douglas does not violate the due process rights of the defendant. The defendant filed a petition for rehearing of the
decision in
 Duke and
 Walker with the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit in October 2013. On October 31, 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit vacated and reconsidered its original
opinion. The Court entered a new opinion that is substantively similar to the first with the exception that the Court now discusses giving full faith and credit to the 
Engle decision, as interpreted in 
Douglas. On November 7,
2013, the Court denied defendant’s petition for rehearing. On November 7, 2013, the defendant filed a second petition seeking review of the October 31, 2013 opinion. On January 6, 2014, the Court denied this petition. 

20 

Table of Contents

In connection with the Engle Progeny Cases, Lorillard and various other tobacco
manufacturing defendants face various legal issues that could materially affect the outcome of the
 Engle cases. These legal issues include, but are not limited to, the application of the statute of limitations and statute of repose, the
ability of an
 Engle plaintiff to pursue a claim against defendants that did not manufacture or market the cigarettes plaintiff smoked, the constitutionality of a cap on the amount of a bond necessary to obtain an automatic stay of a
post-trial judgment, whether
 Engle class members may pursue an award of punitive damages based on claims of negligence or strict liability, and whether a judgment based on a claim of intentional conduct should be reduced by a jury’s
findings on comparative fault. Various intermediate Florida appellate courts and Florida Federal Courts have issued rulings on these issues. 

In certain cases, trial courts have entered final judgments that define defendants’ liability as joint and several. Three of these judgments have been affirmed by intermediate Florida appellate
courts, including one case in which Lorillard Tobacco was a defendant. In such cases, Lorillard Tobacco may face the risk of liability for the entire amount of the judgment even if a percentage of fault was allocated to other defendants, in the
event that one or more co-defendants decline or otherwise fail to pay their proportionate or jury-allocated share of a judgment. Also, the presumptive respective share of each joint and several judgment debtor is pro rata, and not proportional to
the amount of fault attributable to each defendant by the jury. As a result, Lorillard Tobacco under certain circumstances may have to pay more than their proportionate share of any judgment-related amount. 

The judgment entered in the U.S. Government Case, while not final in all respects, could restrict or limit our defenses in other litigation.

In August 2006, a final judgment and remedial order was entered in United States of America v. Philip Morris USA,
Inc., et al. (U.S. District Court, District of Columbia, filed September 22, 1999). The court based its final judgment and remedial order on the government’s only remaining claims, which were based on the defendants’ alleged
violations of the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (“RICO”). Lorillard, Inc. is not a party to this matter, but Lorillard Tobacco is one of the defendants in the case. Although the verdict did not award monetary
damages to the plaintiff, the final judgment and remedial order imposed a number of requirements on the defendants. Such requirements include, but are not limited to, the publishing of corrective statements by defendants related to the health
effects of smoking. 

In 2009, a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit upheld
substantially all of the District Court’s final judgment and remedial order. In June 2010, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the parties’ petitions seeking review of the case. The case has been returned to the District Court, for
implementation of the Court of Appeals’ directions in its 2009 ruling and for entry of an amended final judgment. As of February 14, 2014, the District Court had not entered the amended final judgment. 

The 2006 final judgment and remedial order made many adverse findings regarding the conduct of the defendants. It is possible that the
final opinion, final judgment and remedial order entered by the court could form the basis of allegations by the plaintiffs in other matters, or of additional judicial findings by other courts against cigarette manufacturers. It is possible that
other courts could apply the findings in the United States of America case to restrict or otherwise limit our defenses in other litigation. 

A ruling by the United States Supreme Court could limit the ability of cigarette manufacturers to contend that certain claims asserted against them in product liability litigation are barred. The
Supreme Court’s decision also could encourage litigation involving cigarettes labeled as “lights” or “low tar.” 

In December 2008, the United States Supreme Court issued a decision that neither the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act nor the Federal Trade Commission’s regulation of cigarettes’
tar and nicotine disclosures preempts (or bars) some of plaintiffs’ claims. The decision also more broadly addresses the scope of preemption based on the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act, and could significantly limit cigarette

21 

Table of Contents

manufacturers’ arguments that certain of plaintiffs’ other claims in smoking and health litigation, including claims based on the alleged concealment of information with respect to the
hazards of smoking, are preempted. 

In addition, the Supreme Court’s ruling could encourage litigation against cigarette
manufacturers, including us, regarding the sale of cigarettes labeled as “lights” or “low tar,” and it may limit cigarette manufacturers’ ability to defend such claims. The Supreme Court issued this ruling in a purported
“lights” class action, Good v. Altria Group, Inc. We were not a defendant in 
Good. 

The U.S. Surgeon General has
issued reports regarding the risks of cigarette smoking to non-smokers that could result in additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, additional restrictions placed on the use of cigarettes, and additional regulations placed on the
manufacture or sale of cigarettes. 

In a report entitled “The Health Consequences of Involuntary Exposure to
Tobacco Smoke: A Report of the Surgeon General, 2006,” the U.S. Surgeon General summarized conclusions from previous Surgeon General’s reports concerning the health risks to non-smokers from exposure to ETS, also called second-hand smoke.
According to this report, scientific evidence supported six major conclusions: 

•

 Second-hand smoke causes premature death and disease in children and in adults who do not smoke. 

•

 Children exposed to second-hand smoke are at an increased risk for sudden infant death syndrome, acute respiratory infections and ear problems.

•

 Exposure of adults to second-hand smoke has immediate adverse effects on the cardiovascular system and causes heart disease and lung cancer.

•

 The scientific evidence indicates that there is no risk-free level of exposure to second-hand smoke. 

•

 Many millions of Americans, both children and adults, are exposed to second-hand smoke in their homes and workplaces. 

•

 Eliminating smoking in indoor spaces fully protects non-smokers from exposure to second-hand smoke. Separating smokers from non-smokers, cleaning the
air, and ventilating buildings cannot eliminate exposures of non-smokers to second-hand smoke. 

The Surgeon
General also addressed the health risks to non-smokers from exposure to ETS in the 2010 Surgeon General Report and in the 2014 Surgeon General Report. These reports could form the basis of additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers,
including us. The reports have been and in the future could be used to support litigation against us or other cigarette manufacturers. It also is possible that the Surgeon General’s report could result in additional restrictions placed on
cigarette smoking or in additional regulations placed on the manufacture or sale of cigarettes. It is possible that such additional restrictions or regulations could result in a decrease in cigarette sales in the United States, including sales of
our brands. These developments may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We
have substantial payment obligations under the State Settlement Agreements which will have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and operating income in future periods. 

In 1998, Lorillard Tobacco, Philip Morris, RJR Tobacco and Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation (now an affiliate of RJR
Tobacco) (the “Original Participating Manufacturers”) entered into the MSA with 46 states and various other governments and jurisdictions to settle asserted and unasserted health care cost recovery and other claims. We and certain other
U.S. tobacco product manufacturers had previously settled similar claims brought by Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota (the “Initial State Settlements” and, together with the MSA, are referred to as the “State Settlement
Agreements).” 

Under the State Settlement Agreements, we paid $1.200 billion in 2013 and estimate that we will pay
between $1.400 billion and $1.450 billion in 2014, primarily based on 2013 estimated industry volume. Annual 

22 

Table of Contents

payments under the State Settlement Agreements are required to be paid in perpetuity and are based, among other things, on our domestic market share and unit volume of domestic shipments, with
respect to the MSA, in the year preceding the year in which payment is due, and, with respect to the Initial State Settlements, in the year in which payment is due. 

Amounts due under the State Settlement Agreements are impacted by a number of factors, including industry volume, market share and industry operating profits. In the fourth quarter 2011, RAI, the parent
of RJR Tobacco, announced a change to a mark-to-market pension accounting method. Such method of accounting for pension and postretirement benefits results in the recognition of actuarial gains and losses on pension and postretirement plan assets or
benefit obligations in the year it is incurred rather than amortized over the average future service period of the active employees in such plans. As a result of the change to mark-to-market pension accounting announced by RAI, the industry
operating profits as defined in the State Settlement Agreements may be impacted positively or negatively in any given year. For example, in 2012 RAI’s mark-to-market pension adjustment resulted in a $8 million reduction in our obligations under
the State Settlement Agreements. It is possible that our State Settlement Agreement obligations, results of operations, cash flows and financial position could be materially adversely affected by RAI’s mark-to-market adjustments or other
factors impacting industry operating profits in the future. 

We are unable to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result
from an unfavorable outcome of certain material pending litigation. 

We record provisions in the consolidated financial
statements for pending litigation when we determine that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Except for the impact of the State Settlement Agreements, the U.S. Government Case and certain
Engle Progeny Cases, as described above, while it is reasonably possible that a loss has been incurred, (i) management has concluded that it is not probable that a loss has been incurred in any material pending litigation against us,
(ii) management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome in any material pending litigation due to the many variables, uncertainties and complexities surrounding pending litigation,
and (iii) accordingly, management has not provided any amounts in the consolidated financial statements for possible losses related to material pending litigation. It is possible that our results of operations or cash flows in a particular
quarterly or annual period or its financial position could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending or future litigation or an inability to secure bonds where required to stay the execution of
judgments on appeal. 

We may not be able to develop, produce or commercialize competitive new products and technologies required by
regulatory changes or changes in consumer preferences. 

Consumer health concerns and changes in regulations are likely
to require us to introduce new products or make substantial changes to existing products. For example, all 50 states and the District of Columbia require cigarette manufacturers to reduce the ignition propensity of their products. We believe that
there may be increasing pressure from public health authorities to develop a conventional cigarette, an alternative cigarette or an alternative tobacco product that provides a demonstrable reduced risk of adverse health effects. Certain of the other
major cigarette makers have already developed and marketed alternative cigarette products. We may not be able to develop a reduced risk or reduced exposure product that the FDA allows to be marketed or is acceptable to consumers. In addition, the
costs associated with developing any such new products and technologies could be substantial. 

We face intense competition and our
failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. 

We
compete primarily on the basis of product quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, service, marketing, advertising and price. We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our business. The

23 

Table of Contents

competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors’ introduction of low-priced
products or innovative products, increased competitive discounting and other promotional activity, higher excise taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between price categories, and product regulation that diminishes the ability to
differentiate cigarette products. 

Our principal competitors are the two other major U.S. cigarette manufacturers, Philip
Morris and RJR Tobacco. We also compete against numerous other smaller manufacturers or importers of cigarettes. If our major competitors were to significantly increase the level of price discounts offered to consumers, we could respond by
increasing price discounts, which could have a materially adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. 

Electronic cigarettes, having been recently introduced to market, are at an early stage of development and are evolving rapidly.
Competition in the electronic cigarette industry is intense. We compete with many companies in the market for electronic cigarettes and the nature of our competitors is varied as the market is highly fragmented and the barriers to entry into the
business are low. For instance, our competitors include large companies, such as Philip Morris and RJR Tobacco, as well as smaller companies with similar product offerings. The method of distribution for many competing companies is predominately
over the internet, with only a small number of competitors currently having a significant presence at retail. Our future sales and any future profits in our electronic cigarette business are substantially dependent upon the acceptance and use of
electronic cigarettes by adult smokers. Our ability to generate future sales will be dependent on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the pricing of competing products, overall demand for our products, changes in
consumer preferences, market competition and government regulation. We may not be able to adapt as the electronic cigarette industry and customer demand evolves, whether attributable to regulatory constraints or requirements or our failure to
respond in a timely and/or effective manner to new technologies, customer preferences, changing market conditions or new developments in our industry, which could have a material adverse effect on our electronic cigarette business. 

We are subject to important limitations on advertising and marketing cigarettes that could harm our competitive position. 

Television and radio advertisements of cigarettes have been prohibited since 1971. Under the State Settlement Agreements, we generally
cannot use billboard advertising, cartoon characters, sponsorship of concerts, non-tobacco merchandise bearing Lorillard’s brand names and various other advertising and marketing techniques. In addition, the MSA prohibits the targeting of youth
in advertising, promotion or marketing of cigarettes. Accordingly, we have determined not to advertise our cigarettes in magazines with large readership among people under the age of 18. In June 2009, the federal Family Smoking Prevention and
Tobacco Control Act was enacted granting authority over the regulation of cigarettes to the FDA. Pursuant to the FSPTCA, the FDA reissued a set of marketing and sales restrictions originally promulgated in 1995 as part of an unsuccessful effort by
the agency to assert jurisdiction over cigarettes. The FSPTCA contains other restrictions on the advertising, marketing and sale of cigarette products more stringent than those found in the original FDA rule. In addition, many states, cities and
counties have enacted legislation or regulations further restricting tobacco advertising, marketing and sales promotions, and others may do so in the future. Additional restrictions may be imposed or agreed to in the future. These limitations may
make it difficult to maintain the value of an existing brand if sales or market share decline for any reason. Moreover, these limitations significantly impair the ability of cigarette manufacturers, including us, to launch new premium brands.

The potential regulation of electronic cigarettes by the Food and Drug Administration and other regulatory agencies may materially
adversely affect our electronic cigarette business. 

In 2012, the FDA indicated that it intends to regulate electronic
cigarettes under the FSPTCA through the issuance of deeming regulations that would include electronic cigarettes under the definition of a “tobacco product” under the FSPTCA subject to the FDA’s jurisdiction. The FDA initially
announced that it would issue 

24 

Table of Contents

proposed deeming regulations by April 2013 and then extended the deadline to October 31, 2013. As of February 14, 2014, the FDA had not taken such action. The application of the FSPTCA
to electronic cigarettes could impose, among other things, restrictions on the content of nicotine in electronic cigarettes, the advertising, marketing and sale of electronic cigarettes, the use of certain flavorings and introducing new products.
See “The regulation of cigarettes by the Food and Drug Administration may materially adversely affect our business” above for additional information on the FSPTCA restrictions applicable to cigarettes. We cannot predict the scope of such
regulations or the impact they may have on our electronic cigarette business, though if enacted, they could have a material adverse effect on our electronic cigarette business in the future. 

In the European Union (“EU”), the Tobacco Products Directive (“TPD”) regulates the content, manufacture, marketing
and labeling of tobacco products. Currently, electronic cigarettes fall outside the scope of the TPD. A current draft revision of the TPD includes a section on electronic cigarettes. It is possible that the revised TPD will be adopted this year.
Furthermore, irrespective of the outcome of the TPD revision process, EU member states may try to regulate electronic cigarettes as medicinal products at a national level at any time. If electronic cigarettes are subject to either medicinal
regulation, or regulation substantially similar with the current draft TPD revision in the United Kingdom, this could result in a decrease in sales of our electronic cigarettes in the United Kingdom and have a material adverse effect on our
electronic cigarette business in the future. 

Changes in laws, regulations and other requirements could adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

In addition to the regulation of our business by the FDA, our business,
results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected by new or future legal requirements imposed by federal, state, local and foreign legislative or regulatory initiatives, including but not limited to those relating to health
care reform, climate change and environmental matters. For example, the health care reform legislation, which was signed into law in March 2010, resulted in the repeal of $2 million of future tax deductions for Medicare Part D subsidies for our
retiree drug benefits and could impact our accounting for retiree medical benefits, employer-sponsored medical plans and related matters in future periods. However, the extent of that impact, if any, cannot be determined until regulations are
promulgated and additional interpretations of the health care law are available. In addition, SKYCIG is based in the United Kingdom and we manufacturer electronic cigarettes in Asia, which may present unique challenges and increase our exposure to
the risks associated with foreign operations, including compliance with the legal requirements imposed by foreign legislative or regulatory initiatives. New legislation or regulations may result in increased costs directly for our compliance or
indirectly to the extent such requirements increase the prices of goods and services because of increased costs or reduced availability. We cannot predict whether such legislative or regulatory initiatives will result in significant changes to
existing laws and regulations and/or whether any changes in such laws or regulations will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Sales of cigarettes are subject to substantial federal, state and local excise taxes, which could be extended to electronic cigarettes. 

The federal excise tax on cigarettes was last increased on April 1, 2009 from $0.39 per pack to $1.0066 per pack to finance health
insurance for children. The fiscal year 2014 federal budget plan included a proposal to further increase the federal excise tax on cigarettes by $0.94 per pack to fund early childhood education. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2013,
combined state and local excise taxes ranged from $0.17 to $5.85 per pack of cigarettes. Various states and localities have raised the excise tax on cigarettes substantially in recent years. During 2013, state excise tax increases on cigarette sales
were implemented in three states ranging from $0.10 per pack to $1.60 per pack. It is our expectation that several states will propose further increases in 2014 and in subsequent years. We believe that increases in excise and similar taxes have had
an adverse impact on sales of cigarettes. In addition, we believe that the 2009 increase in the federal excise tax, and possible future increases, the extent of which cannot be predicted, compounded by poor economic conditions, could result in
further volume declines for the cigarette industry, including us, and an increased sales shift toward lower priced discount cigarettes rather than premium brands. 

25 

Table of Contents

Presently the sale of electronic cigarettes is not subject to federal, state and local
excise taxes, with the exception of a state excise tax in Minnesota, like the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products, all of which have faced significant increases in the amount of taxes collected on their sales. Should any excise taxes be
imposed on electronic cigarettes similar to those levied against cigarettes and other tobacco products, such imposition of taxes may have a material adverse effect on the demand for our electronic cigarettes, as consumers may be unwilling to pay the
increased costs. 

We are dependent on the domestic cigarette business, which we expect to continue to contract. 

Although we conduct business in Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands, our cigarette business in the 50 states of the United
States (the “domestic cigarette market”) is currently our only significant business and has generally been contracting. We do not have foreign cigarette sales that could offset these effects, as we sold the international rights to
substantially all of our cigarette brands, including Newport, in 1977. As a result of price increases, restrictions on advertising and promotions, increases in regulation and excise taxes, health concerns, a decline in the social acceptability of
smoking, increased pressure from anti-tobacco groups and other factors, industry-wide domestic cigarette shipments have decreased at a compound annual rate of approximately 3.8% during the period 2003 through 2013. Industry-wide domestic cigarette
shipments decreased by an estimated 4.6% for 2013 compared to 2012, 2.3% for 2012 compared to 2011, and 3.5% for 2011 compared to 2010. We expect the domestic cigarette market to continue to contract, which could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operation and financial condition. 

We derive most of our revenue from one brand. 

Our largest selling brand, Newport, accounted for approximately 85.4% of our consolidated net sales for 2013. Our principal strategic plan
revolves around the marketing and sales promotion in support of the Newport brand. We cannot ensure that we will continue to successfully implement our strategic plan with respect to Newport or that implementation of our strategic plan will result
in the maintenance, growth or profitability of the Newport brand. 

The use of significant amounts of promotion expenses and sales
incentives in response to competitive actions and market price sensitivity may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Since 1998, the cigarette market has been increasingly price competitive due to the impact of, among other things, higher state and local excise taxes and the market share of deep discount brands. In
response to these and other competitor actions and pricing pressures, we have engaged in the significant use of promotional expenses and sales incentives. The cost of these measures could have a material adverse impact on our business. We regularly
review the results of our promotional spending activities and adjust our promotional spending programs in an effort to maintain our competitive position. Accordingly, unit sales volume and sales promotion costs in any period are not necessarily
indicative of sales and costs that may be realized in subsequent periods. 

We rely on a limited number of key executives and may
continue to experience difficulty in attracting and hiring qualified new personnel in some areas of our business. 

The
loss of any of our key employees could adversely affect our business. As a tobacco company, we may experience difficulty in identifying and hiring qualified executives and other personnel in some areas of our business. This difficulty is primarily
attributable to the health and social issues associated with the tobacco industry. The loss of services of any key personnel or our inability to attract and hire personnel with requisite skills could restrict our ability to develop new products,
enhance existing products in a timely manner, sell products or manage our business effectively. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

26 

Table of Contents

Increased restrictions on the sale and/or use of cigarettes and electronic cigarettes in public places
could adversely affect our sales volume, revenue and profitability. 

In recent years, states and many local and
municipal governments and agencies, as well as private businesses, in the United States have adopted legislation, regulations or policies which prohibit, restrict, or discourage the sale and/or use of cigarettes and electronic cigarettes; the use of
cigarettes and electronic cigarettes in public buildings and facilities, stores, restaurants and bars; and smoking on airline flights and in the workplace. In addition, smoking in virtually all enclosed public places and workplaces is now prohibited
by law throughout the United Kingdom. Other similar laws and regulations are currently under consideration and may be enacted by state and local governments in the United States or in the United Kingdom in the future. At present, several local
governments have considered and, in some cases imposed, similar restrictions on the use of electronic cigarettes. Although we have no empirical evidence of the effect of such restrictions, we believe that restrictions on smoking in public and other
places may lead to a decrease in the number of people who smoke or a decrease in the number of cigarettes smoked by smokers. Increased restrictions on smoking in public and other places may have caused a decrease, and may continue to cause a
decrease in the volume of cigarettes that would otherwise be sold by us absent such restrictions, which may have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits. Should state or local or municipal governments or agencies, federal
regulators or private industry likewise restrict the use of electronic cigarettes in public and other places, such restrictions may lead to a similar decrease in the volume of electronic cigarettes that would otherwise be sold by us absent such
restrictions, which may have an adverse effect on our electronic cigarette business. 

Our business may face additional international
governmental actions aimed at cigarettes and other tobacco products. 

There are a number of international regulatory
developments relating to cigarettes that could impact our domestic cigarette business and/or our electronic cigarette business. The tobacco industry expects significant regulatory developments to take place over the next few years, driven
principally by the World Health Organization’s Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (“FCTC”), which entered into force in February 2005. As of February 14, 2014, 177 countries, including the United Kingdom, have become parties
to the FCTC. While the United States is a signatory of the FCTC, it is not currently a party to the agreement, as the agreement has not been submitted to, or ratified by, the United States Senate. The FCTC is the first international public health
treaty on tobacco and its objective is to establish a global agenda for tobacco regulation with the purpose of reducing initiation of tobacco use and encouraging cessation. Regulatory initiatives that have been proposed, introduced or enacted
include: 

•

 the levying of substantial and increasing tax and duty charges; 

•

 restrictions or bans on advertising, marketing and sponsorship; 

•

 the display of larger health warnings, graphic health warnings and other labeling requirements; 

•

 restrictions on packaging design, including the use of colors and generic packaging; 

•

 restrictions or bans on the display of tobacco product packaging at the point of sale, and restrictions or bans on cigarette vending machines;

•

 requirements regarding testing, disclosure and performance standards for tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide and other smoke constituents levels;

•

 requirements regarding testing, disclosure and use of tobacco product ingredients; 

•

 increased restrictions on smoking in public and work places and, in some instances, in private places and outdoors; 

•

 elimination of duty free allowances for travelers; and 

•

 encouraging litigation against tobacco companies. 

27 

Table of Contents

If electronic cigarettes are subject to one or more significant regulatory initiatives
enacted under the FCTC, our electronic cigarette business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Electronic cigarettes are not
generally recognized as less harmful than cigarettes at this time. 

Notwithstanding the potential harm reduction
attributes of electronic cigarettes, the public health community is split on whether electronic cigarettes are less harmful than cigarettes. In addition, many public health advocates believe that electronic cigarettes provide a gateway to the
normalization of smoking. Because long-term clinical studies about the safety and efficacy of electronic cigarettes will likely be required to address these public health concerns and a robust body of science on electronic cigarettes emissions is
not available at this time, legislative, regulatory and other efforts to limit the sale, marketing and use of electronic cigarettes may continue or accelerate, which could have a material adverse effect on our electronic cigarette business.

Expanding our operations internationally poses additional risks to our business. 

We are primarily engaged in business activities in the United States, but we do engage in certain international business activities,
primarily related to electronic cigarettes, and are subject to various United States and foreign laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act and other laws prohibiting bribery and corruption. We operate our
SKYCIG business and market its products in the United Kingdom and manufacture our electronic cigarettes in Asia. Our business or financial performance may be adversely affected due to the risks of doing business internationally, including but not
limited to the following: economic and political instability; supply chain disruptions; unfavorable changes in tariffs or export and import restrictions; and failure to comply with foreign laws and regulations. If any of these events were to
materialize, they could lead to disruption of our electronic cigarette business, significant expenditures and/or damage to our reputation, and could harm our reputation or have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations, or cash flows. 

We rely on a single manufacturing facility for the production of our cigarettes. 

We produce all of our traditional cigarettes at our Greensboro, North Carolina manufacturing facility. If our manufacturing plant is
damaged, destroyed or incapacitated or we are otherwise unable to operate our manufacturing facility, we may be unable to produce cigarettes and may be unable to meet customer demand which could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume,
revenue and profits. 

We rely on a small number of suppliers for certain of our leaf tobacco and reconstituted tobacco.

We purchased approximately 86%, 90% and 88% of our leaf tobacco through a limited number of suppliers in 2013, 2012
and 2011. If these suppliers become unwilling or unable to supply leaf tobacco to us, we believe that leaf tobacco may not be available at prices comparable to those we pay to these suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our future
profits. In addition, we purchase all of our reconstituted tobacco from one supplier, which is an affiliate of RAI, one of our major competitors. Reconstituted tobacco is a form of tobacco material manufactured as a paper-like sheet from small
pieces of tobacco that are too small to incorporate into the cigarette directly and may include some tobacco stems, and which is used as a component of cigarette blends. If RAI becomes unwilling or unable to supply us and we are unable to find an
alternative supplier on a timely basis, our operations could be disrupted resulting in lower production levels and reduced sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits in the future. 

The availability of counterfeit cigarettes could adversely affect our sales volume, revenue and profitability. 

Sales of counterfeit cigarettes in the United States, including counterfeits of our Newport brand, could adversely impact sales by the
manufacturers of the brands that are counterfeited and potentially damage the value and reputation of those brands. Additionally, smokers who mistake counterfeit cigarettes for our cigarettes may

28 

Table of Contents

attribute quality and taste deficiencies in the counterfeit product to our brands and discontinue purchasing our brands. Although we do not believe that sales of counterfeit Newport cigarettes
have had a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits to date, the availability of counterfeit Newport cigarettes together with the potential regulation of cigarettes and their ingredients, substantial increases in excise taxes
and other potential price increases could result in increased demand for counterfeit product that could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits in the future. 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brands and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our intellectual property is material to the conduct of our business. Our ability to maintain and further build brand recognition is
dependent on the continued and exclusive use of our trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade secrets and other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and logo and the unique features of our tobacco products. If our efforts to
protect our intellectual property are ineffective, thereby permitting a third- party to misappropriate or infringe on our intellectual property, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and
might prevent our brands from growing or maintaining market share. 

Our business could be materially adversely affected by any failure,
interruption or security lapse of our information technology systems. 

Our ability to effectively manage our business
depends significantly on our information systems. The failure of our current systems, or future upgrades, to operate effectively or to integrate with other systems, could result in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales
and customers, disrupting our business. In addition, cybersecurity threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, denial of service attacks and other electronic security
breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Although we have in place various processes, procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate
these threats, there can be no assurance that these will be sufficient to prevent a material security threat. If any of these events were to materialize, they could lead to disruption of our operations, loss of sensitive information or damage to our
reputation, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Provisions in our
certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could decrease the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with
our Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include: 

•

 a board of directors that is divided into three classes with staggered terms; 

•

 elimination of the right of our shareholders to act by written consent; 

•

 rules regarding how our shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; 

•

 the right of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; and 

•

 limitations on the right of shareholders to remove directors. 

Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our
outstanding Common Stock. 

We believe these provisions protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover
tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our board with time to 

29 

Table of Contents

assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to prevent such takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders
and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is not in our best interests and those of our shareholders. 

The Separation Agreement between us and Loews contains provisions that may prevent or discourage other companies from acquiring us.

The tax-free nature of the Separation may be affected by certain transactions undertaken by us. In particular, under
Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Separation would become taxable to Loews if it was determined that 50% or more of the shares of our Common Stock were acquired, directly or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related
transactions that included the Separation. If, as a result of acquisitions of our Common Stock subsequent to the Separation, the Separation becomes taxable pursuant to Section 355(e), Loews would recognize a substantial gain for tax purposes as
the Separation would be treated as a sale of Lorillard for federal income tax purposes. The Separation Agreement requires us (and any successor entity) to indemnify Loews for any losses resulting from the failure of the Separation to qualify as a
tax free transaction (except if the failure to qualify is solely due to Loews’s fault). This indemnification obligation applies regardless of whether the action is restricted as described above, or whether we or a potential acquirer obtains a
supplemental ruling or an opinion of counsel. These restrictions and potential indemnification obligations may prevent or discourage other companies from acquiring us. 

We are required to indemnify Loews against losses and other expenses incurred at any time (including with respect to smoking and health claims and litigation) with respect to our assets, properties
and businesses. 

In the Separation Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify Loews and its officers, directors, employees
and agents against costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, litigation matters and other claims) based on, arising out of or resulting from, among other things, the ownership or the operation of us and our assets and properties, and the
operation or conduct of us and our businesses at any time prior to or following the Separation (including with respect to smoking and health claims and litigation). If Loews incurs legal or other fees or costs and expenses resulting from the
operation of our businesses or otherwise with respect to us, we are required to reimburse Loews for such losses and any legal or other fees related thereto, which could be substantial. These indemnification obligations may discourage third parties
from trying to acquire us because our indemnification obligations are binding on our successors and we are prohibited by the Separation Agreement from merging, consolidating or transferring all or a significant portion of our properties or assets
unless the resulting entity, transferee or successor agrees to be bound by these indemnification obligations. In addition, we could face substantial charges for indemnification payments to Loews, which could have a material adverse effect on our
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

We do not believe the Separation has altered or will alter our
legal exposure with respect to tobacco-related claims.