FDA
 regulation of menthol in cigarettes and concerns that
 mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks could
 adversely affect our business.

 Some plaintiffs in our litigation and constituencies, including
 the FDA and other public health agencies, have claimed or
 expressed concerns that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater
 health risks than non-mentholated cigarettes, including concerns
 that mentholated cigarettes may make it easier to start smoking
 and harder to quit and may seek restrictions or a ban on the
 production and sale of mentholated cigarettes. Any ban or
 material limitation on the use of menthol in cigarettes would
 materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow
 and financial condition.

 Following the passage of the Family Smoking Prevention and
 Tobacco Control Act in June 2009, the FDA established the
 Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee (the
 “TPSAC”) to evaluate, among other things, “the
 impact of the use of menthol in cigarettes on the public health,
 including such use among children,
 African-Americans,
 Hispanics, and other racial and ethnic minorities.” In
 addition, the FSPTCA permits the FDA to impose restrictions
 regarding the use of menthol in cigarettes, including a ban, if
 those restrictions would be appropriate for the public health.
 The TPSAC held meetings on March

30-31, 2010,

July 15-16,
 2010, September 27, 2010, October 7, 2010,
 November 18, 2010 and January

10-11, 2011
 to consider the issues surrounding the use of menthol in
 cigarettes. TPSAC has scheduled further meetings on the use of
 menthol in cigarettes, and TPSAC’s report and nonbinding
 recommendations on menthol are currently due to the FDA by
 March 23, 2011.

 Since we are the leading manufacturer of mentholated cigarettes
 in the United States, we could face increased exposure to
 tobacco-related litigation as a result of such allegations. Even
 if such claims are unsubstantiated, increased concerns about the
 health impact of mentholated cigarettes could materially
 adversely affect our sales, including sales of Newport. A ban or
 limitation on the use of menthol in cigarettes by the FDA would
 materially adversely affect our business.

 The
 regulation of cigarettes by the Food and Drug Administration may
 materially adversely affect our business.

 In June 2009, the U.S. Congress passed, and the President
 signed into law, the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco
 Control Act that grants the FDA authority to regulate tobacco
 products. The legislation:

 • 

 established a Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee to,
 among other things, evaluate the issues surrounding the use of
 menthol as a flavoring or ingredient in cigarettes and issue a
 nonbinding recommendation to the FDA regarding menthol by
 March 23, 2011;

 • 

 grants the FDA the regulatory authority to consider and impose
 broad additional restrictions through a rule making process,
 including a ban on the use of menthol in cigarettes;

 • 

 requires larger and more severe health warnings, including
 graphic images, on packs, cartons and advertising;

 • 

 bans the use of descriptors on tobacco products, such as
 “low tar” and “light”;

 • 

 requires the disclosure of ingredients and additives to
 consumers;

 • 

 requires pre-market approval by the FDA of all new products,
 including substantially equivalent products;

 12

Table of Contents

 • 

 requires pre-market approval by the FDA for claims made with
 respect to reduced risk or reduced exposure products;

 • 

 allows the FDA to review existing products to determine whether
 these products are substantially equivalent to other products in
 the market;

 • 

 allows the FDA to require the reduction of nicotine or any other
 compound in cigarettes;

 • 

 allows the FDA to mandate the use of reduced risk technologies
 in conventional cigarettes;

 • 

 allows the FDA to place more severe restrictions on the
 advertising, marketing and sales of cigarettes; and

 • 

 permits inconsistent state regulation of the advertising or
 promotion of cigarettes and eliminates the existing federal
 preemption of such regulation.

 We believe that such regulation could have a material adverse
 effect on our business. For example, under the FSPTCA, we must
 file a report with the FDA substantiating that any cigarettes
 introduced or modified after February 15, 2007 are
 “substantially equivalent” to cigarettes on the market
 before that date to enable the agency to determine whether the
 new or modified products are “substantially
 equivalent” to specific predicate products already being
 sold. For any products introduced or modified between
 February 15, 2007 and March 22, 2011, initial reports
 must be filed with the FDA before March 23, 2011. The FDA
 has announced that a product introduced or modified before
 March 22, 2011 may remain on the market pending the
 FDA’s review, provided a “substantially
 equivalent” report has been filed with the FDA on or before
 March 22, 2011. We believe, based on the limited guidance
 issued by the FDA to date, that we must file reports for all of
 our cigarettes by March 23, 2011 since modifications have
 been made to our products since 2007. While all of our
 cigarettes may remain on the market pending the FDA’s
 review, they are subject to removal should the
 FDA determine any are not “substantially
 equivalent.”

 The legislation also permits the FDA to impose restrictions
 regarding the use of menthol in cigarettes, including a ban, if
 those restrictions would be appropriate for the public health.
 Any ban or material limitation on the use of menthol in
 cigarettes would materially adversely affect our results of
 operations, cash flows and financial condition. It is possible
 that such additional regulation, including regulation of menthol
 short of a ban thereof, could result in a decrease in cigarette
 sales in the United States (including sales of our brands),
 increased costs to us
 and/or the
 development of a significant black market for cigarettes, which
 may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
 results of operations, and cash flows.

 As of
 February 9, 2011, Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant in
 approximately 9,758 tobacco-related lawsuits, including
 approximately 701 cases in which Lorillard, Inc. is a
 co-defendant. These cases, which are extremely costly to defend,
 could result in substantial judgments against Lorillard Tobacco
 and/or
 Lorillard, Inc.

 Numerous legal actions, proceedings and claims arising out of
 the sale, distribution, manufacture, development, advertising,
 marketing and claimed health effects of cigarettes are pending
 against Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., and it is likely
 that similar claims will continue to be filed for the
 foreseeable future. In addition, several cases have been filed
 against Lorillard Tobacco and other tobacco companies
 challenging certain provisions of the MSA among major tobacco
 manufacturers and 46 states and various other governments
 and jurisdictions, and state statutes promulgated to carry out
 and enforce the MSA.

 Punitive damages, often in amounts ranging into the billions of
 dollars, are specifically pleaded in a number of cases in
 addition to compensatory and other damages. It is possible that
 the outcome of these cases, individually or in the aggregate,
 could result in bankruptcy. It is also possible that Lorillard
 Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. may be unable to post a surety bond
 in an amount sufficient to stay execution of a judgment in
 jurisdictions that require such bond pending an appeal on the
 merits of the case. Even if Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard,
 Inc. are successful in defending some or all of these actions,
 these types of cases are very expensive to defend. A material
 increase in the number of pending claims could significantly
 increase defense costs and have an adverse effect on our results
 of operations and financial condition. Further, adverse
 decisions in litigations against other tobacco companies could
 have an adverse impact on the industry, including us.

 13

Table of Contents

 A jury
 has returned verdicts that award damages from Lorillard Tobacco
 in a Conventional Product Liability Case.

 In December 2010, a Massachusetts jury awarded $50 million
 in compensatory damages to the estate of a deceased smoker,
 $21 million in damages to the deceased smoker’s son,
 and $81 million in punitive damages from Lorillard Tobacco
 in a Conventional Product Liability Case, Evans v.
 Lorillard Tobacco Company (Superior Court, Suffolk County,
 Massachusetts). As of February 9, 2011, the case remained
 pending before the trial court because the judge has not issued
 a verdict as to a single claim that was not submitted for the
 jury’s consideration. It is possible the court will award
 additional damages to the plaintiffs in its verdict that
 addresses this final claim. As of February 9, 2011, the
 court had not ruled on the motions filed by Lorillard Tobacco
 following the verdicts, which includes motions for new trial,
 for judgment notwithstanding the verdict, and for reduction or
 elimination of the jury’s damages awards. The court is not
 expected to issue a final judgment until it disposes of the
 final claim or it rules on Lorillard Tobacco’s post-trial
 motions. Lorillard Tobacco may file additional post-trial
 motions after a final judgment is entered. Should the final
 judgment award damages to the plaintiff, Massachusetts statutes
 provide that the court may award prejudgment and post-judgment
 interest. The opportunity for Lorillard Tobacco to initiate an
 appeal from the verdicts in 
Evans will not begin until
 the final judgment is entered. Plaintiff has asked the court to
 enter a preliminary injunction that directs Lorillard Tobacco to
 set aside $272 million in cash or cash equivalents to
 secure the amounts awarded by the jury and the interest
 obligations plaintiff expects the court to order in a final
 judgment. As of February 9, 2011, the court had not ruled
 on plaintiff’s motion for preliminary injunction. It is
 possible that the verdict in this case could lead to additional
 litigation.

 A
 judgment has been rendered against Lorillard Tobacco in the
 Scott litigation.

 In July 2008, the District Court of Orleans Parish, Louisiana,
 entered an amended final judgment in favor of the plaintiffs in
 Scott v. The American Tobacco Company, et al.
 (District Court, Orleans Parish, Louisiana, filed
 May 24, 1996), a class action on behalf of certain
 cigarette smokers resident in the State of Louisiana. In April
 2010, the Louisiana Court of Appeal, Fourth Circuit, issued a
 decision that modified the trial court’s 2008 amended final
 judgment. The Court of Appeal’s decision reduced the
 judgment amount to approximately $242 million to fund a ten
 year court-supervised smoking cessation program. The April 2010
 decision ordered that an award of post-judgment interest will
 accrue from July 2008. Interest awarded by the amended final
 judgment will continue to accrue from July 2008 until the
 judgment either is paid or is reversed on appeal. As of
 February 9, 2011, judicial interest totaled approximately
 $32.1 million. Lorillard Tobacco’s share of any
 judgment, including an award of post-judgment interest, has not
 been determined. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we recorded a
 pretax provision of approximately $66 million for this
 matter. Lorillard, Inc., which was a party to the case in the
 past, is no longer a defendant. The U.S. Supreme Court has
 granted defendants’ application to stay execution of the
 amended final judgment until defendants’ petition for writ
 of certiorari to the U.S. Supreme Court is resolved. As of
 February 9, 2011, the U.S. Supreme Court had not
 determined whether it will grant review of defendants’
 certiorari petition. It is not possible to predict the final
 outcome of this matter.

 The
 Florida Supreme Court’s ruling in Engle has resulted in
 additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including
 us.

 The case of Engle v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et al.
 (Circuit Court, Dade County, Florida, filed May 5,
 1994) was certified as a class action on behalf of Florida
 residents, and survivors of Florida residents, who were injured
 or died from medical conditions allegedly caused by addiction to
 smoking. The case was tried between 1998 and 2000 in a
 multi-phase trial that resulted in verdicts in favor of the
 class. In 2006, the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling that,
 among other things, determined that the case could not proceed
 further as a class action. In February 2008, the trial court
 entered an order on remand from the Florida Supreme Court that
 formally decertified the class.

 The 2006 ruling by the Florida Supreme Court in Engle
 also permitted members of the 
Engle class to file
 individual claims, including claims for punitive damages. The
 Florida Supreme Court held that these individual plaintiffs are
 entitled to rely on a number of the jury’s findings in
 favor of the plaintiffs in the first phase of

 14

Table of Contents

 the Engle trial. These findings included that smoking
 cigarettes causes a number of diseases; that cigarettes are
 addictive or dependence-producing; and that the defendants,
 including Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., were negligent,
 breached express and implied warranties, placed cigarettes on
 the market that were defective and unreasonably dangerous, and
 concealed or conspired to conceal the risks of smoking.
 Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant in approximately 7,100 cases
 pending in various state and federal courts in Florida that were
 filed by members of the 
Engle class (the “
Engle
 Progeny Cases”), including 695 cases in which
 Lorillard, Inc. is a co-defendant.

 As of February 9, 2011, Lorillard Tobacco was a defendant
 in one Engle Progeny Case in which trial was underway.
 Lorillard, Inc. is not a defendant in this trial. Neither
 Lorillard Tobacco nor Lorillard, Inc. were defendants in three
 additional 
Engle Progeny Cases in which trial was
 underway as of February 9, 2011. In addition, Lorillard
 Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. are defendants in 
Engle
 Progeny Cases that have been placed on courts’ 2011
 trial calendars or in which specific trial dates have been set.
 Trial schedules are subject to change and it is not possible to
 predict how many of the 
Engle Progeny Cases pending
 against Lorillard Tobacco or Lorillard, Inc. will be tried
 during 2011. It also is not possible to predict whether some
 courts will implement procedures that consolidate multiple

Engle Progeny Cases for trial.

 As of February 9, 2011, verdicts have been returned in 32
 Engle Progeny Cases since the Florida Supreme Court
 issued its 2006 ruling. Lorillard Tobacco was a defendant in one
 of the 32 trials. As of February 9, 2011, Lorillard, Inc.
 had not been a defendant in any of the trials in which verdicts
 were returned. Juries awarded compensatory damages and punitive
 damages in 14 of these trials. The punitive damages awards have
 totaled $527 million and have ranged from $270,000 to
 $244 million. In six of the trials, juries awarded only
 compensatory damages. In the twelve other trials, juries found
 in favor of the defendants. In the single trial in which
 Lorillard Tobacco had been a defendant as of February 9,
 2011, the jury returned a verdict for the defendants. In some of
 the trials decided in the defendants’ favor, plaintiffs
 have filed motions challenging the verdicts. It is not possible
 to predict the final outcome of this litigation.

 The
 judgment entered in the federal government’s reimbursement
 case, while not final in all respects, could restrict or limit
 our defenses in other litigation.

 In August 2006, a final judgment and remedial order was entered
 in United States of America v. Philip Morris USA, Inc.,
 et al. (U.S. District Court, District of Columbia,
 filed September 22, 1999). The court based its final
 judgment and remedial order on the government’s only
 remaining claims, which were based on the defendants’
 alleged violations of the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt
 Organizations Act (“RICO”). Lorillard, Inc. is not a
 party to this matter, but Lorillard Tobacco is one of the
 defendants in the case. Although the verdict did not award
 monetary damages to the plaintiff, the final judgment and
 remedial order imposed a number of requirements on the
 defendants. Such requirements include, but are not limited to,
 corrective statements by defendants related to the health
 effects of smoking.

 In 2009, a three judge panel of the Court of Appeals upheld
 substantially all of the District Court’s final judgment
 and remedial order. In June 2010, the U.S. Supreme Court
 denied the parties’ petitions seeking review of the case.
 The case has been returned to the U.S. District Court,
 District of Columbia for implementation of the Court of
 Appeals’ directions in its 2009 ruling and for entry of an
 amended final judgment. As of February 9, 2011, the trial
 court had not entered the amended final judgment.

 The 2006 final judgment and remedial order made many adverse
 findings regarding the conduct of the defendants. It is possible
 that the final opinion, final judgment and remedial order
 entered by the court could form the basis of allegations by the
 plaintiffs in other matters, or of additional judicial findings
 by other courts against cigarette manufacturers. It is possible
 that other courts could apply the findings in the United
 States of America case to restrict or otherwise limit our
 defenses in other litigation.

 15

Table of Contents

 A
 ruling by the United States Supreme Court could limit the
 ability of cigarette manufacturers to contend that certain
 claims asserted against them in product liability litigation are
 barred. The Supreme Court’s decision also could encourage
 litigation involving cigarettes labeled as “lights” or
 “low tar.”

 In December 2008, the United States Supreme Court issued a
 decision that neither the Federal Cigarette Labeling and
 Advertising Act nor the Federal Trade Commission’s
 regulation of cigarettes’ tar and nicotine disclosures
 preempts (or bars) some of plaintiffs’ claims. The decision
 also more broadly addresses the scope of preemption based on the
 Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act, and could
 significantly limit cigarette manufacturers’ arguments that
 certain of plaintiffs’ other claims in smoking and health
 litigation, including claims based on the alleged concealment of
 information with respect to the hazards of smoking, are
 preempted. In addition, the Supreme Court’s ruling could
 encourage litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including
 us, regarding the sale of cigarettes labeled as
 “lights” or “low tar,” and it may limit
 cigarette manufacturers’ ability to defend such claims. The
 Supreme Court issued this ruling in a purported
 “lights” class action, Good v. Altria Group,
 Inc. We were not a defendant in 
Good.

 The
 U.S. Surgeon General has issued a report regarding the risks of
 cigarette smoking to non-smokers that could result in additional
 litigation against cigarette manufacturers, additional
 restrictions placed on the use of cigarettes, and additional
 regulations placed on the manufacture or sale of
 cigarettes.

 In a report entitled “The Health Consequences of
 Involuntary Exposure to Tobacco Smoke: A Report of the Surgeon
 General, 2006,” the U.S. Surgeon General summarized
 conclusions from previous Surgeon General’s reports
 concerning the health effects of exposure to second-hand smoke
 by non-smokers. According to this report, scientific evidence
 now supports six major conclusions:

 • 

 Second-hand smoke causes premature death and disease in children
 and in adults who do not smoke.

 • 

 Children exposed to second-hand smoke are at an increased risk
 for sudden infant death syndrome, acute respiratory infections
 and ear problems.

 • 

 Exposure of adults to second-hand smoke has immediate adverse
 effects on the cardiovascular system and causes heart disease
 and lung cancer.

 • 

 The scientific evidence indicates that there is no risk-free
 level of exposure to second-hand smoke.

 • 

 Many millions of Americans, both children and adults, are
 exposed to second-hand smoke in their homes and workplaces.

 • 

 Eliminating smoking in indoor spaces fully protects non-smokers
 from exposure to second-hand smoke. Separating smokers from
 non-smokers, cleaning the air, and ventilating buildings cannot
 eliminate exposures of non-smokers to second-hand smoke.

 This report could form the basis of additional litigation
 against cigarette manufacturers, including us. The report could
 be used to support existing litigation against us or other
 cigarette manufacturers. It also is possible that the Surgeon
 General’s report could result in additional restrictions
 placed on cigarette smoking or in additional regulations placed
 on the manufacture or sale of cigarettes. It is possible that
 such additional restrictions or regulations could result in a
 decrease in cigarette sales in the United States, including
 sales of our brands. These developments may have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations, and cash flows.

 We
 have substantial payment obligations under litigation settlement
 agreements which will have a material adverse effect on our cash
 flows and operating income in future periods.

 In 1998, Lorillard Tobacco, Philip Morris Incorporated,
 Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation and R.J.
 Reynolds Tobacco Company (the “Original Participating
 Manufacturers”) entered into the MSA with 46 states
 and various other governments and jurisdictions to settle
 asserted and unasserted health care cost recovery and other
 claims. We and certain other U.S. tobacco product
 manufacturers had previously settled similar claims brought by
 Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota (the “Initial
 State Settlements” and, together with the MSA, are referred
 to as the “State Settlement Agreements).”

 16

Table of Contents

 Under the State Settlement Agreements, we paid
 $1.134 billion in 2010 and are obligated to pay between
 $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion in 2011, primarily based
 on 2010 estimated industry volume. Annual payments under the
 State Settlement Agreements are required to be paid in
 perpetuity and are based, among other things, on our domestic
 market share and unit volume of domestic shipments, with respect
 to the MSA, in the year preceding the year in which payment is
 due, and, with respect to the Initial State Settlements, in the
 year in which payment is due.

 We are
 unable to make a meaningful estimate of the amount or range of
 loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of certain
 material pending litigation.

 We record provisions in our consolidated financial statements
 for pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable
 outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably
 estimated. Except for the impact of the State Settlement
 Agreements and the provision relating to the Scott case,
 as described in the risk factor “A judgment has been
 rendered against Lorillard Tobacco in the 
Scott
 litigation” above, we are unable to make a meaningful
 estimate of the amount or range of loss that could result from
 an unfavorable outcome of material pending litigation and,
 therefore, no material provision has been made in our
 consolidated financial statements for any unfavorable outcome.
 It is possible that our results of operations, cash flows and
 financial position could be materially adversely affected by an
 unfavorable outcome of certain pending or future litigation.

 We
 face intense competition and our failure to compete effectively
 could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and
 results of operations.

 We compete primarily on the basis of product quality, brand
 recognition, brand loyalty, service, marketing, advertising and
 price. We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all
 aspects of our business. The competitive environment and our
 competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak
 economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence,
 competitors’ introduction of low-priced products or
 innovative products, higher cigarette taxes, higher absolute
 prices and larger gaps between price categories, and product
 regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco
 products.

 Our principal competitors are the two other major
 U.S. cigarette manufacturers, Philip Morris and RJR
 Tobacco. We also compete against numerous other smaller
 manufacturers or importers of cigarettes. If our major
 competitors were to significantly increase the level of price
 discounts offered to consumers, we could respond by increasing
 price discounts, which could have a materially adverse effect on
 our profitability and results of operations.

 We are
 subject to important limitations on advertising and marketing
 cigarettes that could harm our competitive
 position.

 Television and radio advertisements of tobacco products have
 been prohibited since 1971. Under the State Settlement
 Agreements, we generally cannot use billboard advertising,
 cartoon characters, sponsorship of concerts, non-tobacco
 merchandise bearing Lorillard’s brand names and various
 other advertising and marketing techniques. In addition, the MSA
 prohibits the targeting of youth in advertising, promotion or
 marketing of tobacco products. Accordingly, we have determined
 not to advertise our cigarettes in magazines with large
 readership among people under the age of 18. On June 22,
 2009 the federal Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control
 Act was signed into law granting authority over the regulation
 of tobacco products to the FDA. Pursuant to the FSPTCA, the FDA
 reissued a set of marketing and sales restrictions originally
 promulgated in 1995 as part of an unsuccessful effort by the
 agency to assert jurisdiction over tobacco products. The FSPTCA
 contains other restrictions on the advertising, marketing and
 sale of cigarette products more stringent than those found in
 the original FDA rule. In addition, many states, cities and
 counties have enacted legislation or regulations further
 restricting tobacco advertising, marketing and sales promotions,
 and others may do so in the future. Additional restrictions may
 be imposed or agreed to in the future. These limitations may
 make it difficult to maintain the value of an existing brand if
 sales or market share decline for any reason. Moreover, these
 limitations significantly impair the ability of cigarette
 manufacturers, including us, to launch new premium brands.

 17

Table of Contents

 Changes
 in laws, regulations and other requirements could adversely
 affect our business, results of operations or financial
 condition.

 In addition to the regulation of our business by the FDA, our
 business, results of operations or financial condition could be
 adversely affected by new or future legal requirements imposed
 by legislative or regulatory initiatives, including but not
 limited to those relating to health care reform, climate change
 and environmental matters. For example, the health care reform
 legislation, which was signed into law in March 2010, resulted
 in the repeal of $2 million of future tax deductions for
 Medicare Part D subsidies for our retiree drug benefits and
 could impact our accounting for retiree medical benefits,
 employer-sponsored medical plans and related matters in future
 periods. However, the extent of that impact, if any, cannot be
 determined until regulations are promulgated and additional
 interpretations of the health care law are available. New
 legislation or regulations may result in increased costs
 directly for our compliance or indirectly to the extent such
 requirements increase the prices of goods and services because
 of increased costs or reduced availability. We cannot predict
 whether such legislative or regulatory initiatives will result
 in significant changes to existing laws and regulations
 and/or
 whether any changes in such laws or regulations will have a
 material adverse affect on our business, results of operations
 or financial condition.

 Sales
 of cigarettes are subject to substantial federal, state and
 local excise taxes.

 On April 1, 2009, the federal excise tax on cigarettes
 increased $0.6166 per pack to $1.0066 per pack to finance health
 insurance for children. For the twelve months ended
 December 31, 2010, combined state and local excise taxes
 ranged from $0.17 to $5.85 per pack. Various states and
 localities have raised the excise tax on cigarettes
 substantially in recent years. In addition, increases in state
 excise taxes on cigarette sales were implemented in six states
 during 2010 and ranged from $0.40 per pack to $1.60 per pack. It
 is our expectation that several states will propose further
 increases in 2011 and in subsequent years. We believe that
 increases in excise and similar taxes have had an adverse impact
 on sales of cigarettes. In addition, we believe that the 2009
 increase in the federal excise tax, as well as possible future
 increases, the extent of which cannot be predicted, compounded
 by poor economic conditions, could result in further volume
 declines for the cigarette industry, including us, and an
 increased sales shift toward lower priced discount cigarettes
 rather than premium brands.

 We are
 dependent on the domestic cigarette business, which we expect to
 continue to contract.

 Although we conduct business in Puerto Rico, Guam and the
 U.S. Virgin Islands, our cigarette business in the
 50 states of the United States (the “domestic
 cigarette market”) is currently our only significant
 business. The domestic cigarette market has generally been
 contracting and we expect it to continue to contract. We do not
 have foreign cigarette sales that could offset these effects, as
 we sold the international rights to substantially all of our
 brands, including Newport, in 1977. As a result of price
 increases, restrictions on advertising and promotions, increases
 in regulation and excise taxes, health concerns, a decline in
 the social acceptability of smoking, increased pressure from
 anti-tobacco groups and other factors, industry-wide domestic
 cigarette shipments have decreased at a compound annual rate of
 approximately 3.5% during the period 2000 through 2010.
 Industry-wide domestic cigarette shipments decreased by an
 estimated 3.8% for 2010 compared to 2009, 8.6% for 2009 compared
 to 2008, 3.3% for 2008 to 2007 and 5.0% during 2007, compared to
 2006.

 We
 derive most of our revenue from one brand.

 Our largest selling brand, Newport, accounted for approximately
 90.0% of our sales revenue for 2010. Our principal strategic
 plan revolves around the marketing and sales promotion in
 support of the Newport brand. We cannot ensure that we will
 continue to successfully implement our strategic plan with
 respect to Newport or that implementation of our strategic plan
 will result in the maintenance or growth of the Newport brand.

 18

Table of Contents

 The
 use of significant amounts of promotion expenses and sales
 incentives in response to competitive actions and market price
 sensitivity may have a material adverse impact on our
 business.

 Since 1998, the cigarette market has been increasingly price
 competitive due to the impact of, among other things, higher
 state and local excise taxes and the market share of deep
 discount brands. In response to these and other competitor
 actions and pricing pressures, we have engaged in significant
 use of promotional expenses and sales incentives. The cost of
 these measures could have a material adverse impact on our
 business. We regularly review the results of our promotional
 spending activities and adjust our promotional spending programs
 in an effort to maintain our competitive position. Accordingly,
 unit sales volume and sales promotion costs in any period are
 not necessarily indicative of sales and costs that may be
 realized in subsequent periods.

 We
 rely on a limited number of key executives and may continue to
 experience difficulty in attracting and hiring qualified new
 personnel in some areas of our business.

 The loss of any of our key employees could adversely affect our
 business. As a tobacco company, we may experience difficulty in
 identifying and hiring qualified executives and other personnel
 in some areas of our business. This difficulty is primarily
 attributable to the health and social issues associated with the
 tobacco industry. The loss of services of any key personnel or
 our inability to attract and hire personnel with requisite
 skills could restrict our ability to develop new products,
 enhance existing products in a timely manner, sell products or
 manage our business effectively. These factors could have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition.

 We may
 not be able to develop, produce or commercialize competitive new
 products and technologies required by regulatory changes or
 changes in consumer preferences.

 Consumer health concerns and changes in regulations are likely
 to require us to introduce new products or make substantial
 changes to existing products. For example, 49 states and
 the District of Columbia have passed legislation requiring
 cigarette manufacturers to reduce the ignition propensity of
 their products. We believe that there may be increasing pressure
 from public health authorities to develop a conventional
 cigarette, an alternative cigarette or an alternative tobacco
 product that provides a demonstrable reduced risk of adverse
 health effects. Certain of the other major cigarette makers have
 already developed and marketed alternative cigarette products.
 We may not be able to develop a reduced risk product that is
 acceptable to consumers. In addition, the costs associated with
 developing any such new products and technologies could be
 substantial.

 Increased
 restrictions on smoking in public places could adversely affect
 our sales volume, revenue and profitability.

 In recent years, states and many local and municipal governments
 and agencies, as well as private businesses, have adopted
 legislation, regulations or policies which prohibit, restrict,
 or discourage smoking; smoking in public buildings and
 facilities, stores, restaurants and bars; and smoking on airline
 flights and in the workplace. Other similar laws and regulations
 are currently under consideration and may be enacted by state
 and local governments in the future. Although we have no
 empirical evidence of the effect of such restrictions, we
 believe that restrictions on smoking in public and other places
 may lead to a decrease in the number of people who smoke or a
 decrease in the number of cigarettes smoked by smokers.
 Increased restrictions on smoking in public and other places may
 have caused a decrease, and may continue to cause a decrease in
 the volume of cigarettes that would otherwise be sold by us
 absent such restrictions, which may have a material adverse
 effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits.

 The
 availability of counterfeit cigarettes could adversely affect
 our sales volume, revenue and profitability.

 Sales of counterfeit cigarettes in the United States, including
 counterfeits of our Newport brand, could adversely impact sales
 by the manufacturers of the brands that are counterfeited and
 potentially damage the value and reputation of those brands.
 Additionally, smokers who mistake counterfeit cigarettes for our

 19

Table of Contents

 cigarettes may attribute quality and taste deficiencies in the
 counterfeit product to our brands and discontinue purchasing our
 brands. Although we do not believe that sales of counterfeit
 Newport cigarettes have had a material adverse effect on our
 sales volume, revenue and profits to date, the availability of
 counterfeit Newport cigarettes together with substantial
 increases in excise taxes and other potential price increases
 could result in increased demand for counterfeit product that
 could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume,
 revenue and profits in the future.

 We
 rely on a single manufacturing facility for the production of
 our cigarettes.

 We produce all of our cigarettes at our Greensboro, North
 Carolina manufacturing facility. If our manufacturing plant is
 damaged, destroyed or incapacitated or we are otherwise unable
 to operate our manufacturing facility, we may be unable to
 produce cigarettes and may be unable to meet customer demand
 which could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume,
 revenue and profits.

 We
 rely on a small number of suppliers for certain of our domestic
 leaf tobacco and reconstituted tobacco.

 We purchase approximately 66% of our domestic leaf tobacco
 through one supplier, Alliance One International, Inc. If
 Alliance One becomes unwilling or unable to supply leaf tobacco
 to us, we believe that leaf tobacco may not be available at
 prices comparable to those we pay to Alliance One, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our future profits. In
 addition, we purchase all of our reconstituted tobacco from one
 supplier, which is an affiliate of RAI, one of our major
 competitors. Reconstituted tobacco is a form of tobacco material
 manufactured as a paper-like sheet from small pieces of tobacco
 that are too small to incorporate into the cigarette directly
 and may include some tobacco stems, and which is used as a
 component of cigarette blends. If RAI becomes unwilling or
 unable to supply us and we are unable to find an alternative
 supplier on a timely basis, our operations could be disrupted
 resulting in lower production levels and reduced sales, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume,
 revenue and profits in the future.

 We may
 not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property,
 which could harm the value of our brands and have a material
 adverse effect on our business.

 Our intellectual property is material to the conduct of our
 business. Our ability to maintain and further build brand
 recognition is dependent on the continued and exclusive use of
 our trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade secrets and
 other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and
 logo and the unique features of our tobacco products. If our
 efforts to protect our intellectual property are ineffective,
 thereby permitting a third-party to misappropriate or infringe
 on our intellectual property, the value of our brands may be
 harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business and might prevent our brands from growing or
 maintaining market share.

 Provisions
 in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and of Delaware
 law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could
 decrease the trading price of our Common Stock.

 Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions
 that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and
 inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers
 to negotiate with our Board of Directors rather than to attempt
 a hostile takeover. These provisions include:

 • 

 a board of directors that is divided into three classes with
 staggered terms;

 • 

 elimination of the right of our shareholders to act by written
 consent;

 • 

 rules regarding how our shareholders may present proposals or
 nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings;

 • 

 the right of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock
 without shareholder approval; and

 • 

 limitations on the right of shareholders to remove directors.

 20

Table of Contents

 Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other
 business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more
 of our outstanding Common Stock.

 We believe these provisions protect our shareholders from
 coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring
 potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and
 by providing our board with time to assess any acquisition
 proposal. These provisions are not intended to prevent such
 takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if the offer may
 be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or
 prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is
 not in our best interests and those of our shareholders.

 The
 Separation Agreement between us and Loews contains provisions
 that may prevent or discourage other companies from acquiring
 us.

 The tax-free nature of the Separation may be affected by certain
 transactions undertaken by us. In particular, under
 Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Separation
 would become taxable to Loews if it was determined that 50% or
 more of the shares of our Common Stock were acquired, directly
 or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related
 transactions that included the Separation. If, as a result of
 acquisitions of our Common Stock subsequent to the Separation,
 the Separation becomes taxable pursuant to Section 355(e),
 Loews would recognize a substantial gain for tax purposes as the
 Separation would be treated as a sale of Lorillard for federal
 income tax purposes. The Separation Agreement requires us (and
 any successor entity) to indemnify Loews for any losses
 resulting from the failure of the Separation to qualify as a tax
 free transaction (except if the failure to qualify is solely due
 to Loews’s fault). This indemnification obligation applies
 regardless of whether the action is restricted as described
 above, or whether we or a potential acquirer obtains a
 supplemental ruling or an opinion of counsel. These restrictions
 and potential indemnification obligations may prevent or
 discourage other companies from acquiring us.

 We are
 required to indemnify Loews against losses and other expenses
 incurred at any time (including with respect to smoking and
 health claims and litigation) with respect to our assets,