As of
 February 20, 2009, Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant in
 approximately 5,825 tobacco-related lawsuits, including
 approximately 1,055 cases in which Lorillard, Inc. is a
 co-defendant. These cases, which are extremely costly to defend,
 could result in substantial judgments against Lorillard Tobacco
 and/or Lorillard, Inc.

 Numerous legal actions, proceedings and claims arising out of
 the sale, distribution, manufacture, development, advertising,
 marketing and claimed health effects of cigarettes are pending
 against Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., and it is likely
 that similar claims will continue to be filed for the
 foreseeable future. In addition, several cases have been filed
 against Lorillard Tobacco and other tobacco companies
 challenging certain provisions of the Master Settlement
 Agreement among major tobacco manufacturers and 46 states
 and various other governments and jurisdictions (the
 “MSA”), and state statutes promulgated to carry out
 and enforce the MSA.

 Punitive damages, often in amounts ranging into the billions of
 dollars, are specifically pleaded in a number of cases in
 addition to compensatory and other damages. It is possible that
 the outcome of these cases, individually or in the aggregate,
 could result in bankruptcy. It is also possible that Lorillard
 Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. may be unable to post a surety bond
 in an amount sufficient to stay execution of a judgment in
 jurisdictions that require such bond pending an appeal on the
 merits of the case. Even if Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard,
 Inc. are successful in defending some or all of these actions,
 these types of cases are very expensive to defend. A material
 increase in the number of pending claims could significantly
 increase defense costs and have an adverse effect on our results
 of operation and financial condition.

 12

Table of Contents

 Further, adverse decisions in litigations against other tobacco
 companies could have an adverse impact on the industry,
 including us. In several cases in recent years, for example,
 various courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have
 considered the ratio of awards of actual damages to those of
 punitive damages. In one such case, Williams v. Philip
 Morris USA, Inc., plaintiff was awarded approximately
 $525,000 in compensatory damages and $80 million in
 punitive damages, a ratio of more than 150:1. The case has been
 the subject of multiple appellate rulings and is again pending
 before the U.S. Supreme Court. We are not a party to

Williams. Should appellate courts establish binding
 precedents regarding these or other issues, the conduct of
 future trials involving us would be affected.

 A
 judgment has been rendered against Lorillard Tobacco in the
 Scott litigation.

 In July 2008, the District Court of Orleans Parish, Louisiana,
 entered an amended final judgment in favor of the plaintiffs in
 Scott v. The American Tobacco Company, et al.
 (District Court, Orleans Parish, Louisiana, filed
 May 24, 1996), a class action on behalf of certain
 cigarette smokers resident in the State of Louisiana. Lorillard,
 Inc., which was a party to the case in the past, is no longer a
 defendant in Scott. The amended final judgment orders
 defendants, including Lorillard Tobacco, to pay approximately
 $264 million to fund a court-supervised cessation program
 for class members. The amended final judgment also awards
 post-judgment judicial interest that will continue to accrue
 from June 2004 until the judgment either is paid or is reversed
 on appeal. As of February 20, 2009, judicial interest
 totaled approximately $93.5 million. Defendants have
 appealed the amended final judgment to the Louisiana Court of
 Appeal, Fourth District.

 Lorillard Tobacco’s share of any judgment, including an
 award of post-judgment interest, has not been determined. In the
 fourth quarter of 2007, we recorded a pretax provision of
 approximately $66 million for this matter.

 The
 Florida Supreme Court’s ruling in Engle has resulted in
 additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including
 us.

 The case of Engle v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et al.
 (Circuit Court, Dade County, Florida, filed May 5,
 1994) was certified as a class action on behalf of Florida
 residents, and survivors of Florida residents, who were injured
 or died from medical conditions allegedly caused by addiction to
 smoking. The case was tried between 1998 and 2000 in a
 multi-phase trial that resulted in verdicts in favor of the
 class. During 2006, the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling
 that, among other things, determined that the case could not
 proceed further as a class action. In February 2008, the trial
 court entered an order on remand from the Florida Supreme Court
 that formally decertified the class.

 The 2006 ruling by the Florida Supreme Court in Engle
 also permitted members of the 
Engle class to file
 individual claims, including claims for punitive damages. The
 Florida Supreme Court held that these individual plaintiffs are
 entitled to rely on a number of the jury’s findings in
 favor of the plaintiffs in the first phase of the 
Engle
 trial. These findings included that smoking cigarettes
 causes a number of diseases; that cigarettes are addictive or
 dependence-producing; and that the defendants, including
 Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., were negligent, breached
 express and implied warranties, placed cigarettes on the market
 that were defective and unreasonably dangerous, and concealed or
 conspired to conceal the risks of smoking. Lorillard Tobacco is
 a defendant in approximately 3,100 cases pending in various
 state and federal courts in Florida that were filed by members
 of the 
Engle class (the “
Engle Progeny
 Cases”), including approximately 1,050 cases in which
 Lorillard, Inc. is a co-defendant. These 3,100 cases are filed
 on behalf of approximately 8,675 individual plaintiffs.

 As of February 20, 2009, Lorillard Tobacco was a defendant
 in several Engle Progeny Cases that have been placed on
 courts’ 2009 trial calendars or in which specific 2009
 trial dates have been set. Lorillard, Inc. is a defendant in
 some of these cases. Trial schedules are subject to change and
 it is not possible to predict how many of the 
Engle
 Progeny Cases pending against Lorillard Tobacco or
 Lorillard, Inc. will be tried during 2009. It also is not
 possible to predict whether some courts will implement
 procedures that consolidate multiple 
Engle Progeny Cases
 for trial.

 13

Table of Contents

 The
 verdict returned in the federal government’s reimbursement
 case, while not final, could impose significant financial
 burdens on us and adversely affect future sales and
 profits.

 In August 2006, a final judgment and remedial order was entered
 in United States of America v. Philip Morris USA, Inc.,
 et al. (U.S. District Court, District of Columbia,
 filed September 22, 1999). The court based its final
 judgment and remedial order on the government’s only
 remaining claims, which were based on the defendants’
 alleged violations of the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt
 Organizations Act (“RICO”). Lorillard, Inc. is not a
 party to this matter, but Lorillard Tobacco is one of the
 defendants in the case. Although the verdict did not award
 monetary damages to the plaintiff, the final judgment and
 remedial order imposes a number of requirements on the
 defendants. Such requirements include, but are not limited to,
 corrective statements by defendants related to the health
 effects of smoking. The remedial order also would place certain
 prohibitions on the manner in which defendants market their
 cigarette products and would eliminate any use of
 “lights” or similar product descriptors. It is likely
 that the remedial order, including the prohibitions on the use
 of the descriptors relating to low tar cigarettes, will
 negatively affect our future sales and profits. Defendants,
 including Lorillard Tobacco, have noticed appeals from the final
 judgment and the remedial order. Plaintiff also has noticed an
 appeal from the final judgment. Defendants have received a stay
 of the judgment and remedial order from the District of Columbia
 Court of Appeals that will remain in effect while the appeal is
 proceeding. As a result of the government’s appeal, it is
 possible that certain of the government’s claims or damages
 could be reinstated. While trial was underway, the District of
 Columbia Court of Appeals ruled that plaintiff may not seek to
 recover profits earned by the defendants, but this ruling could
 be reconsidered in the present appeal. Prior to trial, the
 government had estimated that it was entitled to approximately
 $280.0 billion from the defendants for its claim to recover
 profits earned by the defendants. In its pending appeal, the
 government has preserved its right to seek review of this claim
 by the United States Supreme Court. During trial, the government
 sought more than $10.0 billion for the creation of
 nationwide smoking cessation, public education and
 counter-marketing programs. In its 2006 verdict, the trial court
 declined to award such relief. It is possible that this claim
 could be reinstated on appeal. The Court of Appeals heard
 argument of the case in August 2008 and a ruling could be issued
 at any time.

 A
 ruling by the United States Supreme Court could limit the
 ability of cigarette manufacturers to contend that certain
 claims asserted against them in product liability litigation are
 barred. The Supreme Court’s decision also could encourage
 litigation involving cigarettes labeled as “lights” or
 “low tar.”

 In December 2008, the United States Supreme Court issued a
 decision that neither the Federal Cigarette Labeling and
 Advertising Act nor the Federal Trade Commission’s
 regulation of cigarettes’ tar and nicotine disclosures
 preempts (or bars) some of plaintiffs’ claims. The decision
 also more broadly addresses the scope of preemption based on the
 Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act, and could
 significantly limit cigarette manufacturers’ arguments that
 certain of plaintiffs’ other claims in smoking and health
 litigation, including claims based on the alleged concealment of
 information with respect to the hazards of smoking, are
 preempted. In addition, the Supreme Court’s ruling could
 encourage litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including
 us, regarding the sale of cigarettes labeled as
 “lights” or “low tar,” and it may limit
 cigarette manufacturers’ ability to defend such claims. The
 Supreme Court issued this ruling in a purported
 “lights” class action, Good v. Altria Group,
 Inc. We are not a defendant in 
Good.

 Actions
 by the Federal Trade Commission could be cited as support for
 allegations against cigarette manufacturers, including
 us.

 In November 2008, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”)
 rescinded its guidance regarding disclosure of tar and nicotine
 yields and prohibited use of the phrase “per FTC
 Method” to describe those yields. In its rescission of
 guidance, the FTC stated that “[t]here is now a consensus
 among the public health and scientific communities that the
 Cambridge Filter Method is sufficiently flawed that statements
 of tar and nicotine yields as measured by that method are not
 likely to help consumers make informed decisions.” The
 Cambridge Filter Method is a standardized test utilizing a
 smoking machine to determine the tar and nicotine, among other
 constituents, in a particular brand or style of cigarettes. The
 FTC further stated that it “believes the statements of tar
 and nicotine yields as measured by this test method are
 confusing at best, and are likely to mislead

 14

Table of Contents

 consumers who believe they will get proportionately less tar and
 nicotine from lower-rated cigarettes than from higher-rated
 brands.” In addition, the FTC stated that any continued use
 of cigarette descriptors must “not convey an erroneous or
 unsubstantiated message that a particular cigarette presents a
 reduced risk of harm or is otherwise likely to mislead
 consumers.” It is possible that these actions by the FTC
 could be cited as support for allegations by plaintiffs in
 pending or future litigation, or encourage additional litigation
 against cigarette manufacturers, including us.

 Lorillard
 Tobacco is a defendant in a case that was initially certified as
 a nationwide class action involving “lights”
 cigarettes and that could result in a substantial verdict, if
 the class certification order is reinstated.

 Schwab v. Philip Morris USA, Inc., et al.
 (U.S. District Court, Eastern District, New York, filed
 May 11, 2004), was certified by a federal judge as a
 nationwide class action on behalf of individuals who purchased
 “light” cigarettes. Plaintiffs’ claims in

Schwab are based on defendants’ alleged RICO
 violations in the manufacture, marketing and sale of
 “lights” cigarettes. Plaintiffs have estimated damages
 to the class to be in the hundreds of billions of dollars. Any
 damages awarded to the plaintiffs based on defendants’
 violation of the RICO statute would be multiplied by a factor of
 three. In March 2008, a federal court of appeals reversed the
 class certification ruling. Plaintiffs did not seek further
 review of this decision and the case has been returned to the
 Eastern District of New York for further proceedings. We cannot
 predict future activity in this case.

 The
 U.S. Surgeon General has issued a report regarding the risks of
 cigarette smoking to non-smokers that could result in additional
 litigation against cigarette manufacturers, additional
 restrictions placed on the use of cigarettes, and additional
 regulations placed on the manufacture or sale of
 cigarettes.

 In a report entitled “The Health Consequences of
 Involuntary Exposure to Tobacco Smoke: A Report of the Surgeon
 General, 2006,” the U.S. Surgeon General summarized
 conclusions from previous Surgeon General’s reports
 concerning the health effects of exposure to second-hand smoke
 by non-smokers. According to this report, scientific evidence
 now supports six major conclusions:

 • 

 Second-hand smoke causes premature death and disease in children
 and in adults who do not smoke.

 • 

 Children exposed to second-hand smoke are at an increased risk
 for sudden infant death syndrome, acute respiratory infections
 and ear problems.

 • 

 Exposure of adults to second-hand smoke has immediate adverse
 effects on the cardiovascular system and causes heart disease
 and lung cancer.

 • 

 The scientific evidence indicates that there is no risk-free
 level of exposure to second-hand smoke.

 • 

 Many millions of Americans, both children and adults, are
 exposed to second-hand smoke in their homes and workplaces.

 • 

 Eliminating smoking in indoor spaces fully protects non-smokers
 from exposure to second-hand smoke. Separating smokers from
 non-smokers, cleaning the air, and ventilating buildings cannot
 eliminate exposures of non-smokers to second-hand smoke.

 This report could form the basis of additional litigation
 against cigarette manufacturers, including us. The report could
 be used to support existing litigation against us or other
 cigarette manufacturers. It also is possible that the Surgeon
 General’s report could result in additional restrictions
 placed on cigarette smoking or in additional regulations placed
 on the manufacture or sale of cigarettes. It is possible that
 such additional restrictions or regulations could result in a
 decrease in cigarette sales in the United States, including
 sales of our brands. These developments may have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations, and cash flows.

 15

Table of Contents

 The
 proposed regulation of cigarettes by the Food and Drug
 Administration may adversely affect our business.

 A bill that would grant the FDA authority to regulate tobacco
 products was introduced in Congress in February 2007. The bill,
 which is being supported by Philip Morris and opposed by us and
 RAI, was considered and approved by the House of Representatives
 in 2008, but was not considered by the Senate during that
 Congressional session. It is possible that the full Senate and
 House of Representatives will consider and approve the bill in
 2009.

 The proposed bill would:

 • 

 Establish a Tobacco Scientific Advisory Panel to evaluate the
 issues surrounding the use of menthol as a flavoring or
 ingredient in cigarettes;

 • 

 require larger and more severe health warnings on packs and
 cartons;

 • 

 ban the use of descriptors on tobacco products, such as
 “low-tar” and “light”;

 • 

 require the disclosure of ingredients and additives to consumers;

 • 

 require pre-market approval by the FDA for claims made with
 respect to reduced risk or reduced exposure products;

 • 

 require the reduction or elimination of nicotine or any other
 compound in cigarettes;

 • 

 allow the FDA to mandate the use of reduced risk technologies in
 conventional cigarettes;

 • 

 allow the FDA to place more severe restrictions on the
 advertising, marketing and sales of cigarettes;

 • 

 permit inconsistent state regulation of labeling and advertising
 and eliminate the existing federal preemption of such
 regulation; and

 • 

 grant the FDA the regulatory authority to consider and impose
 broad additional restrictions through a rule making process,
 including a ban on the use of menthol in cigarettes.

 It is possible that such additional regulation could result in a
 decrease in cigarette sales in the United States (including
 sales of our brands) and increased costs to us, which may have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations, and cash flows. We believe that such regulation may
 adversely affect our ability to compete against our larger
 competitors, including Philip Morris, who may be able to more
 quickly and cost-effectively comply with these new rules and
 regulations.

 We
 have substantial payment obligations under litigation settlement
 agreements which will have a material adverse effect on our cash
 flows and operating income in future periods.

 In 1998, Lorillard Tobacco, Philip Morris Incorporated,
 Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation and R.J.
 Reynolds Tobacco Company (the “Original Participating
 Manufacturers”) entered into the MSA with 46 states
 and various other governments and jurisdictions to settle
 asserted and unasserted health care cost recovery and other
 claims. We and certain other U.S. tobacco product
 manufacturers had previously settled similar claims brought by
 Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota (the “Initial
 State Settlements” and, together with the MSA, are referred
 to as the “State Settlement Agreements).”

 Under the State Settlement Agreements, we paid
 $1.08 billion in 2008 and are obligated to pay between
 $1.10 and $1.15 billion in 2009, primarily based on 2008
 estimated industry volume. Annual payments under the State
 Settlement Agreements are required to be paid in perpetuity and
 are based, among other things, on our domestic market share and
 unit volume of domestic shipments, with respect to the MSA, in
 the year preceding the year in which payment is due, and, with
 respect to the Initial State Settlements, in the year in which
 payment is due.

 16

Table of Contents

 We are
 unable to make a meaningful estimate of the amount or range of
 loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of material
 pending litigation.

 We record provisions in our consolidated financial statements
 for pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable
 outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably
 estimated. Except for the impact of the State Settlement
 Agreements and the provision relating to the Scott case,
 as described in the risk factor “— A judgment has
 been rendered against Lorillard Tobacco in the Scott
 litigation” above, we are unable to make a meaningful
 estimate of the amount or range of loss that could result from
 an unfavorable outcome of material pending litigation and,
 therefore, no material provision has been made in our
 consolidated financial statements for any unfavorable outcome.
 It is possible that our results of operations, cash flows and
 financial position could be materially adversely affected by an
 unfavorable outcome of certain pending or future litigation.

 We
 face intense competition and our failure to compete effectively
 could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and
 results of operations.

 We compete primarily on the basis of product quality, brand
 recognition, brand loyalty, service, marketing, advertising and
 price. We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all
 aspects of our business. The competitive environment and our
 competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak
 economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence,
 competitors’ introduction of low-priced products or
 innovative products, higher cigarette taxes, higher absolute
 prices and larger gaps between price categories, and product
 regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco
 products.

 Our principal competitors are the two other major
 U.S. cigarette manufacturers, Philip Morris and RAI. RAI
 was formed in 2004 as a result of the merger of R.J. Reynolds
 Tobacco Company (now a wholly owned subsidiary of RAI) and the
 U.S. operations of Brown & Williamson Holdings,
 Inc. (formerly known as Brown & Williamson Tobacco
 Corporation and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British
 American Tobacco p.l.c.). We also compete against numerous other
 smaller manufacturers or importers of cigarettes. If our major
 competitors were to significantly increase the level of price
 discounts offered to consumers, we could respond by increasing
 price discounts, which could have a materially adverse effect on
 our profitability and results of operations.

 Concerns
 that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks could
 adversely affect our business.

 Some plaintiffs and other sources, including public health
 agencies, have claimed or expressed concerns that mentholated
 cigarettes may pose greater health risks than non-mentholated
 cigarettes, including concerns that menthol cigarettes may make
 it easier to start smoking and harder to quit. For example, in
 June 2008, seven former U.S. health secretaries criticized
 a bill then under consideration in the House of Representatives
 to grant the FDA the authority to regulate tobacco products and
 ban the use of characterizing flavors other than menthol in
 cigarettes. The former health secretaries argued that the
 menthol exemption discriminates against
 African-American
 smokers who often prefer menthol cigarettes and have higher
 rates of some smoking-related diseases. In the course of
 consideration of the bill by a committee of the House of
 Representatives an amendment was offered and rejected which
 would have banned the use of menthol as an ingredient in
 cigarettes. The final bill passed by the House in July, 2008
 included a provision establishing a Tobacco Scientific Advisory
 Committee to evaluate issues surrounding the use of menthol as a
 flavoring or ingredient in cigarettes within one year of such
 Committee’s establishment. The bill also would have
 permitted the FDA to ban menthol upon a finding that such
 prohibition would be appropriate for the public health. Prior to
 these developments, in 2002 the U.S. Department of Health
 and Human Services National Institutes of Health, Center for
 Disease Control and Prevention and National Cancer Institute and
 other public health agencies supported the First Conference on
 Menthol Cigarettes. The executive summary of the conference
 proceedings outlined “why it is important to study menthol
 cigarettes” and included statements that
 “menthol’s sensation of coolness might result in
 deeper inhalation” and “could contribute to increased
 uptake of inhaled tobacco constituents, including nicotine and
 cancer-causing agents...” In addition, the Center for
 Disease Control and Prevention has published a pamphlet titled
 “Pathways to Freedom, Winning the Fight Against
 Tobacco” that, under the heading “The Dangers of
 Menthol” states that “menthol can make it easier for a

 17

Table of Contents

 smoker to inhale deeply, which may allow more chemicals to enter
 the lungs. Menthol in cigarettes does not make smoking safer. In
 fact, menthol may even make things worse.” Since we are the
 leading manufacturer of mentholated cigarettes in the United
 States, we could face increased exposure to tobacco-related
 litigation as a result of such allegations. Even if such claims
 are unsubstantiated, increased concerns about the health impact
 of mentholated cigarettes could adversely affect our sales,
 including sales of Newport. Any ban or limitation on the use of
 menthol in cigarettes would adversely affect our results of
 operation and financial condition.

 We are
 subject to important limitations on advertising and marketing
 cigarettes that could harm our competitive
 position.

 Television and radio advertisements of tobacco products have
 been prohibited since 1971. Under the State Settlement
 Agreements, we generally cannot use billboard advertising,
 cartoon characters, sponsorship of concerts, non-tobacco
 merchandise bearing Lorillard’s brand names and various
 other advertising and marketing techniques. In addition, the MSA
 prohibits the targeting of youth in advertising, promotion or
 marketing of tobacco products. Accordingly, we have determined
 not to advertise our cigarettes in magazines with large
 readership among people under the age of 18. Additional
 restrictions may be imposed or agreed to in the future. These
 limitations may make it difficult to maintain the value of an
 existing brand if sales or market share decline for any reason.
 Moreover, these limitations significantly impair the ability of
 cigarette manufacturers, including us, to launch new premium
 brands.

 Sales
 of cigarettes are subject to substantial federal, state and
 local excise taxes.

 Federal excise taxes were last increased in 2002 from $0.34 per
 pack to $0.39 per pack. Congress recently enacted and the
 President signed into law an increase in the federal excise tax
 on cigarettes of $0.6166 per pack to $1.0066 per pack, effective
 April 1, 2009, to finance health insurance for children.
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, combined
 state and local excise taxes ranged from $0.07 to $4.25 per
 pack. Various states and localities have raised the excise tax
 on cigarettes substantially in recent years. In addition,
 increases in state excise taxes on cigarette sales were
 implemented in seven states and the District of Columbia during
 2008 and ranged from $0.20 per pack to $1.25 per pack. It is our
 expectation that several states will propose further increases
 in 2009 and in subsequent years. We believe that increases in
 excise and similar taxes have had an adverse impact on sales of
 cigarettes. In addition, we believe that the new increase in the
 federal excise tax, as well as possible future increases, the
 extent of which cannot be predicted, compounded by weakening
 economic conditions, could result in further volume declines for
 the cigarette industry, including us, and an increased sales
 shift toward lower priced discount cigarettes rather than
 premium brands.

 We are
 dependent on the domestic cigarette business, which we expect to
 continue to contract.

 Although we conduct business in Puerto Rico, Guam and the
 U.S. Virgin Islands, our cigarette business in the
 50 states of the United States (the “domestic
 cigarette market”) is currently our only significant
 business. The domestic cigarette market has generally been
 contracting and we expect it to continue to contract. We do not
 have foreign cigarette sales that could offset these effects, as
 we sold the international rights to substantially all of our
 brands, including Newport, in 1977. As a result of price
 increases, restrictions on advertising and promotions, increases
 in regulation and excise taxes, health concerns, a decline in
 the social acceptability of smoking, increased pressure from
 anti-tobacco groups and other factors, industry-wide domestic
 cigarette shipments have decreased at a compound annual rate of
 approximately 2.2% during the period 1999 through 2008.
 Industry-wide domestic cigarette shipments decreased by an
 estimated 3.3% for 2008 compared to 2007, 5.0% during 2007,
 compared to 2006, and 1.5% during 2006 compared to 2005.

 We
 derive most of our revenue from one brand.

 Our largest selling brand, Newport, accounted for approximately
 93.7% of our sales revenue for 2008. Our principal strategic
 plan revolves around the marketing and sales promotion in
 support of the Newport brand. We cannot ensure that we will
 continue to successfully implement our strategic plan with
 respect to

 18

Table of Contents

 Newport or that implementation of our strategic plan will result
 in the maintenance or growth of the Newport brand.

 The
 use of significant amounts of promotion expenses and sales
 incentives in response to competitive actions and market price
 sensitivity may have a material adverse impact on our
 business.

 Since 1998, the cigarette market has been increasingly price
 competitive due to the impact of, among other things, higher
 state and local excise taxes and the market share of deep
 discount brands. In response to these and other competitor
 actions and pricing pressures, we have engaged in significant
 use of promotional expenses and sales incentives. The cost of
 these measures could have a material adverse impact on our
 business. We regularly review the results of our promotional
 spending activities and adjust our promotional spending programs
 in an effort to maintain our competitive position. Accordingly,
 unit sales volume and sales promotion costs in any period are
 not necessarily indicative of sales and costs that may be
 realized in subsequent periods.

 We
 rely on a limited number of key executives and may continue to
 experience difficulty in attracting and hiring qualified new
 personnel in some areas of our business.

 The loss of any of our key employees could adversely affect our
 business. Other than with respect to our chief executive
 officer, Martin L. Orlowsky, we do not have employment
 agreements with any of our key employees. As a tobacco company,
 we may experience difficulty in identifying and hiring qualified
 executives and other personnel in some areas of our business.
 This difficulty is primarily attributable to the health and
 social issues associated with the tobacco industry. The loss of
 services of any key personnel or our inability to attract and
 hire personnel with requisite skills could restrict our ability
 to develop new products, enhance existing products in a timely
 manner, sell products or manage our business effectively. These
 factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations and financial condition, which in turn could
 adversely affect the value of our Common Stock.

 Several
 of our competitors have developed alternative cigarette
 products.

 Certain of the major cigarette makers have developed and
 marketed alternative cigarette products. For example, Philip
 Morris developed an alternative cigarette, called Accord, in
 which the tobacco is heated rather than burned. RAI has
 developed and is marketing an alternative cigarette, called
 Eclipse, in which the tobacco is primarily heated, with only a
 small amount of tobacco burned. Vector Tobacco Inc. is marketing
 a cigarette offered in several packings with declining levels of
 nicotine, called Quest. Philip Morris and RAI have indicated
 that these products may deliver fewer smoke components compared
 to conventional cigarettes. We have not marketed similar
 alternative cigarettes. Should such alternative cigarette
 products gain a significant share of the domestic cigarette
 market, we may be at a competitive disadvantage.

 We may
 not be able to develop, produce or commercialize competitive new
 products and technologies required by regulatory changes or
 changes in consumer preferences.

 Consumer health concerns and changes in regulations are likely
 to require us to introduce new products or make substantial
 changes to existing products. For example, 38 states and
 the District of Columbia have enacted legislation requiring
 cigarette manufacturers to reduce the ignition propensity of
 their products. We believe that there may be increasing pressure
 from public health authorities to develop a conventional
 cigarette, an alternative cigarette or an alternative tobacco
 product that provides a demonstrable reduced risk of adverse
 health effects. We may not be able to develop a reduced risk
 product that is acceptable to consumers. In addition, the costs
 associated with developing any such new products and
 technologies could be substantial.

 Increased
 restrictions on smoking in public places could adversely affect
 our sales volume, revenue and profitability.

 In recent years, states and many local and municipal governments
 and agencies, as well as private businesses, have adopted
 legislation, regulations or policies which prohibit, restrict,
 or discourage smoking;

 19

Table of Contents

 smoking in public buildings and facilities, stores, restaurants
 and bars; and smoking on airline flights and in the workplace.
 Other similar laws and regulations are currently under
 consideration and may be enacted by state and local governments
 in the future. Although we have no empirical evidence of the
 effect of such restrictions, we believe that restrictions on
 smoking in public and other places may lead to a decrease in the
 number of people who smoke or a decrease in the number of
 cigarettes smoked by smokers. Increased restrictions on smoking
 in public and other places may have caused a decrease, and may
 continue to cause a decrease in the volume of cigarettes that
 would otherwise be sold by us absent such restrictions, which
 may have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue
 and profits.

 The
 availability of counterfeit cigarettes could adversely affect
 our sales volume, revenue and profitability.

 Sales of counterfeit cigarettes in the United States, including
 counterfeits of our Newport brand, could adversely impact sales
 by the manufacturers of the brands that are counterfeited and
 potentially damage the value and reputation of those brands.
 Additionally, smokers who mistake counterfeit cigarettes for our
 cigarettes may attribute quality and taste deficiencies in the
 counterfeit product to our brands and discontinue purchasing our
 brands. Although we do not believe that sales of counterfeit
 Newport cigarettes have had a material adverse effect on our
 sales volume, revenue and profits to date, the availability of
 counterfeit Newport cigarettes, together with substantial
 increases in excise taxes and other potential price increases
 which could result in an increase in the availability of
 counterfeit product, could have a material adverse effect on our
 sales volume, revenue and profits in the future.

 We
 rely on a single manufacturing facility for the production of
 our cigarettes.

 We produce all of our cigarettes at our Greensboro, North
 Carolina manufacturing facility. If our manufacturing plant is
 damaged, destroyed or incapacitated or we are otherwise unable
 to operate our manufacturing facility, we may be unable to
 produce cigarettes and may be unable to meet customer demand,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume,
 revenue and profits.

 We
 rely on a small number of suppliers for certain of our domestic
 leaf tobacco and reconstituted tobacco.

 We purchase approximately 80% of our domestic leaf tobacco
 through one supplier, Alliance One International, Inc. If
 Alliance One becomes unwilling or unable to supply leaf tobacco
 to us, we believe that leaf tobacco may not be available at
 prices comparable to those we pay to Alliance One, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our future profits. In
 addition, we purchase all of our reconstituted tobacco from one
 supplier, which is an affiliate of RAI, one of our major
 competitors. Reconstituted tobacco is a form of tobacco material
 manufactured as a paper-like sheet from small pieces of tobacco
 that are too small to incorporate into the cigarette directly
 and may include some tobacco stems, and which is used as a
 component of cigarette blends. If RAI becomes unwilling or
 unable to supply us and we are unable to find an alternative
 supplier on a timely basis, our operations could be disrupted
 resulting in lower production levels and reduced sales, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume,
 revenue and profits in the future.

 We may
 not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property,
 which could harm the value of our brands and have a material
 adverse effect on our business.

 Our intellectual property is material to the conduct of our
 business. Our ability to maintain and further build brand
 recognition is dependent on the continued and exclusive use of
 our trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade secrets and
 other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and
 logo and the unique features of our tobacco products. If our
 efforts to protect our intellectual property are ineffective,
 thereby permitting a third-party to misappropriate or infringe
 on our intellectual property, the value of our brands may be
 harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business and might prevent our brands from growing or
 maintaining market share.

 20

Table of Contents

 As an
 independent public company, we expend significant time and
 resources to comply with rules and regulations that did not
 apply to us prior to the Separation, including rules related to
 internal control over financial reporting. Failure to comply
 with such rules may lead investors to lose confidence in our
 financial statements, which could have a material adverse effect
 on the price of our Common Stock.

 As an independent public company following our Separation from
 Loews in June 2008, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the
 related rules and regulations of the SEC, as well as the rules
 of the NYSE, require us to implement additional corporate
 governance practices and adhere to a variety of reporting
 requirements. Compliance with these public company obligations
 has increased our legal and financial compliance costs and could
 place additional demands on our finance and accounting staff and
 on our financial, accounting and information systems.

 In particular, as a public company, our management is required
 to conduct an annual evaluation of our internal control over
 financial reporting and include a report of management on our
 internal control in our annual reports on
 Form 10-K.
 In addition, our independent public accounting firm is required
 to attest to and report on management’s assessment of the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
 If at any time we are unable to conclude that we have effective
 internal control over financial reporting or, if our independent
 auditors are unable to provide us with an attestation and an
 unqualified report as to the effectiveness of our internal
 controls over financial reporting, investors could lose
 confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which
 could result in a decrease in the price of our Common Stock.

 Provisions
 in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and of Delaware
 law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could
 decrease the trading price of our Common Stock.

 Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions
 that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and
 inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers
 to negotiate with our Board of Directors rather than to attempt
 a hostile takeover. These provisions include:

 • 

 a board of directors that is divided into three classes with
 staggered terms;

 • 

 elimination of the right of our shareholders to act by written
 consent;

 • 

 rules regarding how our shareholders may present proposals or
 nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings;

 • 

 the right of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock
 without shareholder approval; and

 • 

 limitations on the right of shareholders to remove directors.

 Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other
 business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more
 of our outstanding Common Stock.

 We believe these provisions protect our shareholders from
 coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring
 potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and
 by providing our board with time to assess any acquisition
 proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune
 from takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if the
 offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and
 could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of
 Directors determines is not in our best interests and those of
 our shareholders.

 The
 Separation Agreement between us and Loews contains provisions
 that may prevent or discourage other companies from acquiring
 us.

 The tax-free nature of the Separation may be affected by certain
 transactions undertaken by us. In particular, under
 Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Separation
 would become taxable to Loews if it was determined that 50% or
 more of the shares of our Common Stock were acquired, directly
 or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related
 transactions that included the Separation. If, as a result of
 acquisitions of our Common Stock subsequent to the Separation,
 the Separation becomes taxable pursuant to

 21

Table of Contents

 Section 355(e), Loews would recognize a substantial gain
 for tax purposes as the Separation would be treated as a sale of
 Lorillard for federal income tax purposes.

 The Separation Agreement imposes restrictions on our ability to
 engage in certain significant corporate transactions, for a
 period of two years, that could cause the Separation to become
 taxable to Loews. We, however, may undertake any such action if
 we first obtain a supplemental ruling from the IRS or an
 unqualified tax opinion of a nationally recognized law firm, in
 either case in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
 Loews, to the effect that the proposed transaction would not
 adversely affect the tax-free nature of the Separation.
 Moreover, the Separation Agreement requires us (and any
 successor entity) to indemnify Loews for any losses resulting
 from the failure of the Separation to qualify as a tax free
 transaction (except if the failure to qualify is solely due to
 Loews’s fault). This indemnification obligation applies
 regardless of whether the action is restricted as described
 above, or whether we or a potential acquirer obtains a
 supplemental ruling or an opinion of counsel. These restrictions
 and potential indemnification obligations may prevent or
 discourage other companies from acquiring us.

 We are
 required to indemnify Loews against losses and other expenses
 incurred at any time (including with respect to smoking and
 health claims and litigation) with respect to our assets,