FDA regulation of
menthol in cigarettes and concerns that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks could adversely affect our business. 

Some plaintiffs in our litigation and constituencies, including the FDA and other public health agencies, have claimed or expressed concerns that mentholated cigarettes may pose greater health risks and
may impact public health more than non-mentholated cigarettes, including concerns that mentholated cigarettes may make it easier to start smoking and harder to quit, and may seek restrictions or a ban on the production and sale of mentholated
cigarettes. Any ban or material limitation on the use of menthol in cigarettes would materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Following the passage of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act (the “Act”) in June 2009, the FDA established the Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee (the
“TPSAC”) to evaluate, among other things, “the impact of the use of menthol in cigarettes on the public health, including such use among children, African-Americans, Hispanics, and other racial and ethnic minorities.” In
addition, the Act permits the FDA to impose restrictions regarding the use of menthol in cigarettes, including a ban, if those restrictions would be appropriate for the public health. The TPSAC or the Menthol Report Subcommittee held meetings on
March 30-31, 2010, July 15-16, 2010, September 27, 2010, October 7, 2010, November 18, 2010, January 10-11, 2011, February 10-11, 2011, March 2, 2011, March 17-18,
2011 and July 21, 2011 to consider the issues surrounding the use of menthol in cigarettes. At the March 18, 2011 meeting, TPSAC presented its report and recommendations on menthol. The report’s findings included that menthol likely
increases experimentation and regular smoking, menthol likely increases the likelihood and degree of addiction for youth smokers, non-white menthol smokers (particularly African-Americans) are less likely to quit smoking and are less responsive to
certain cessation medications, and that consumers continue to believe that smoking menthol cigarettes is less harmful than smoking nonmenthol cigarettes as a result of the cigarette industry’s historical marketing. TPSAC’s overall
recommendation to the FDA was that “[r]emoval of menthol cigarettes from the marketplace would benefit public health in the United States.” At the July 21, 2011 meeting, TPSAC considered revisions to its report, and the voting members
unanimously approved the final report for submission to the FDA with no change in its recommendation. 

On June 27, 2011,
the FDA provided a progress report on its review of the science related to menthol cigarettes. In the June 2011 update, the FDA stated that “[e]xperts within the FDA Center for Tobacco Products are conducting an independent review of the
science related to the impact [of menthol] in cigarettes on public health …” The FDA stated that it would submit its draft independent review of menthol science to an external peer review panel in July 2011. On January 26, 2012, the
FDA provided a second progress report on its review of the science related to menthol cigarettes. In its January 2012 update, the FDA stated that “FDA submitted its report to external scientists for peer review, and the agency is revising its
report based on their feedback.” FDA stated its intent to make the final report, along with the peer review scientists’ feedback and the agency’s response to the feedback, available for public comment in the Federal Register. The FDA
did not provide a date for releasing the final report. The FDA also indicated that it would consider any public comments to the final report, which “may provide additional evidence or emerging data.” Based on those comments, together with
the agency’s report, the TPSAC report, the industry’s perspective report and prior public comments, the FDA stated that it will consider the collective evidence and “possible actions related to the public health impact of menthol in
cigarettes.” If the FDA determines that regulation of menthol is warranted, the FDA could promulgate regulations that, among other things, could result in a ban on or restrictions on the use of menthol in cigarettes. 

Since we are the leading manufacturer of mentholated cigarettes in the United States, we could face increased exposure to tobacco-related
litigation as a result of such allegations. Even if such claims are unsubstantiated, increased concerns about the health impact of mentholated cigarettes could materially adversely affect our sales, including sales of Newport. A ban or limitation on
the use of menthol in cigarettes by the FDA would materially adversely affect our business. 

13 

Table of Contents

The regulation of cigarettes by the Food and Drug Administration may materially adversely affect our
business. 

In June 2009, the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act was enacted granting the FDA
authority to regulate tobacco products. As it relates to cigarettes, the legislation: 

•

 establishes a Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee to, among other things, evaluate the issues surrounding the use of menthol as a flavoring
or ingredient in cigarettes and issue a nonbinding recommendation to the FDA regarding menthol; 

•

 grants the FDA the regulatory authority to consider and impose broad additional restrictions through a rule making process, including a ban on the use
of menthol in cigarettes; 

•

 requires larger and more severe health warnings, including graphic images, on cigarette packs, cartons and advertising; 

•

 bans the use of descriptors on cigarettes, such as “low tar” and “light”; 

•

 requires the disclosure of cigarette ingredients and additives to consumers; 

•

 requires pre-market approval by the FDA of all new cigarette products, including substantially equivalent products; 

•

 requires pre-market approval by the FDA for claims made with respect to reduced risk or reduced exposure products; 

•

 allows the FDA to require the reduction of nicotine or any other compound in cigarettes; 

•

 allows the FDA to mandate the use of reduced risk technologies in cigarettes; 

•

 allows the FDA to place more severe restrictions on the advertising, marketing and sales of cigarettes; and 

•

 permits possible inconsistent state and local regulation of the advertising or promotion of cigarettes and eliminates the existing federal preemption
of such regulation. 

We believe that such regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business.
For example, under the Act, we must file a report with the FDA substantiating that any cigarettes introduced or modified after February 15, 2007 are “substantially equivalent” to cigarettes on the market before that date to enable the
agency to determine whether the new or modified products are “substantially equivalent” to specific predicate products already being sold. For any products introduced or modified between February 15, 2007 and March 22, 2011,
initial reports were required to be filed with the FDA on or before March 22, 2011. The FDA announced that a product introduced or modified before March 22, 2011 may remain on the market pending the FDA’s review, provided a
“substantially equivalent” report was filed with the FDA on or before March 22, 2011. We believe, based on the limited guidance issued by the FDA to date, that we were required to file, and have filed, reports for all of our
cigarettes on or before March 22, 2011 since modifications had been made to our products since 2007. While all of our cigarettes may remain on the market pending the FDA’s review, they are subject to removal should the FDA determine any
are not “substantially equivalent.” 

In addition, products introduced on or after March 22, 2011 require
pre-market approval by the FDA which may be subject to similar or more restrictive procedures. One component of our strategic plan is the introduction of new cigarette products in adjacent market segments, in which we do not have a significant
presence. We have submitted a number of requests for approval of substantially equivalent new products with the FDA. Although we believe that the statutory language of the FSPTCA suggests the pre-market approval process should take 90 days for
substantially equivalent new products, the FDA has not approved any substantially equivalent new product applications by us or anyone else in the industry as of February 11, 2013. We believe our ability to execute our strategic plan has been
negatively impacted by the delay in the FDA’s new product approval process. 

14 

Table of Contents

As of February 11, 2013, Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant in approximately 7,203 tobacco-related
lawsuits, including approximately 665 cases in which Lorillard, Inc. is a co-defendant. These cases, which are extremely costly to defend, could result in substantial judgments against Lorillard Tobacco and/or Lorillard, Inc. 

Numerous legal actions, proceedings and claims arising out of the sale, distribution, manufacture, development, advertising, marketing and
claimed health effects of cigarettes are pending against Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., and it is likely that similar claims will continue to be filed for the foreseeable future. In addition, several cases have been filed against Lorillard
Tobacco and other tobacco companies challenging certain provisions of the MSA among major tobacco manufacturers and 46 states and various other governments and jurisdictions, and state statutes promulgated to carry out and enforce the MSA.

Punitive damages, often in amounts ranging into the billions of dollars, are specifically pleaded in a number of cases in
addition to compensatory and other damages. It is possible that the outcome of these cases, individually or in the aggregate, could result in bankruptcy. It is also possible that Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. may be unable to post a surety
bond in an amount sufficient to stay execution of a judgment in jurisdictions that require such bond pending an appeal on the merits of the case. Even if Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc. are successful in defending some or all of these actions,
these types of cases are very expensive to defend. A material increase in the number of pending claims could significantly increase defense costs and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Further, adverse
decisions in litigations against other tobacco companies could have an adverse impact on the industry, including us. 

Plaintiffs have
been awarded damages, including punitive damages, from Lorillard Tobacco in a Conventional Product Liability Case. 

In
December 2010, a Massachusetts jury awarded damages, including punitive damages, from Lorillard Tobacco in a Conventional Product Liability Case, Evans v. Lorillard Tobacco Company (Superior Court, Suffolk County, Massachusetts). In September
2011, the court reduced the compensatory damages awarded to the estate of a deceased smoker to $25 million and reduced the award to the deceased smoker’s son to $10 million. The court declined to reduce the jury’s award of $81 million in
punitive damages. In September 2011, the court entered a judgment that reflected the jury’s damages awards and the court’s reductions following trial. The judgment awarded plaintiffs interest on each of the three damages awards at the rate
of 12% per year from the date the case was filed in 2004. Interest on the three awards will continue to accrue until either the judgment is paid or is vacated on appeal. The judgment permitted plaintiff’s counsel to request an award of
attorneys’ fees and costs. In November 2011, the court granted in part plaintiff’s counsel’s application for attorneys’ fees and costs and has awarded approximately $2.4 million in fees and approximately $225,000 in costs. The
court entered a final judgment that incorporated the amounts of the verdicts, as reduced by the trial court, the awards of interest, and the awards of attorneys’ fees and costs. Lorillard Tobacco has noticed an appeal from the final judgment to
the Massachusetts Appeals Court. In March 2012, plaintiff’s application for direct appellate review was granted, transferring the appeal to the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. The parties’ arguments in this appeal were heard in
December 2012. It is possible that the verdict in this case could lead to additional litigation. 

The Florida Supreme Court’s
ruling in Engle has resulted in additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including us. 

The case of
Engle v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et al. (Circuit Court, Dade County, Florida, filed May 5, 1994) was certified as a class action on behalf of Florida residents, and survivors of Florida residents, who were injured or died from medical
conditions allegedly caused by addiction to smoking. The case was tried between 1998 and 2000 in a multi-phase trial that resulted in verdicts in favor of the class. In 2006, the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling that, among other things,
determined that the case could not proceed further as a class action. In February 2008, the trial court entered an order on remand from the Florida Supreme Court that formally decertified the class. 

15 

Table of Contents

The 2006 ruling by the Florida Supreme Court in Engle also permitted members of the

Engle class to file individual claims, including claims for punitive damages. The Florida Supreme Court held that these individual plaintiffs are entitled to rely on a number of the jury’s findings in favor of the plaintiffs in the first
phase of the 
Engle trial. These findings included that smoking cigarettes causes a number of diseases; that cigarettes are addictive or dependence-producing; and that the defendants, including Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc., were
negligent, breached express and implied warranties, placed cigarettes on the market that were defective and unreasonably dangerous, and concealed or conspired to conceal the risks of smoking. Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant in approximately 4,565
cases pending in various state and federal courts in Florida that were filed by members of the 
Engle class (the “
Engle Progeny Cases”), including 662 cases in which Lorillard, Inc. is a co-defendant. 

As of February 11, 2013, trial was underway in one Engle Progeny case in which Lorillard Tobacco is a defendant: the case of

Evers v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Thirteenth Judicial Circuit, Hillsborough County, Florida). Lorillard, Inc. is not a defendant in this trial. As of February 11, 2013, Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard, Inc.
are defendants in 
Engle Progeny Cases that have been placed on courts’ 2013 trial calendars or in which specific trial dates have been set. Trial schedules are subject to change and it is not possible to predict how many of the

Engle Progeny Cases pending against Lorillard Tobacco or Lorillard, Inc. will be tried in 2013. It also is not possible to predict whether some courts will implement procedures that consolidate multiple
 Engle Progeny Cases for trial.

Trials of some of the Engle Progeny Cases have resulted in verdicts that have awarded damages from cigarette manufacturers, including
us. 

As of February 11, 2013, plaintiffs in nine Engle Progeny Cases were awarded compensatory damages from
Lorillard Tobacco. In three of the nine cases, plaintiffs were awarded punitive damages from Lorillard Tobacco. In one of the cases, the court awarded damages to the plaintiff from the defendants, including Lorillard Tobacco, following trial.
Lorillard, Inc. was not a defendant in any of these nine cases. The nine cases are listed below in the order in which the verdicts were returned: 

•

 In Mrozek v. Lorillard Tobacco Company (Circuit Court, Fourth Judicial Circuit, Duval County, Florida), the jury awarded plaintiffs a total of
$6 million in compensatory damages and $11.3 million in punitive damages. The jury apportioned 35% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker and 65% to Lorillard Tobacco. The final judgment entered by the trial court reflected the
jury’s verdict and awarded plaintiff $3,900,588 in compensatory damages and $11,300,000 in punitive damages plus 6% annual interest. A motion filed by Lorillard Tobacco to disqualify the trial judge based on comments he made in another

Engle Progeny trial was denied in July 2012 and a petition filed by Lorillard Tobacco requesting that the Florida First District Court of Appeal review that decision was denied in January 2013. In December 2012, the Florida First
District Court of Appeal affirmed the final judgment awarding compensatory and punitive damages. Lorillard Tobacco has filed a motion for rehearing of the appellate court opinion. The appellate court provisionally granted plaintiff’s motion for
appellate attorneys’ fees, ruling that the trial court is authorized to award appellate fees if the trial court determines entitlement to attorneys’ fees. As of February 11, 2013, the trial court had not ruled on plaintiff’s
motion for costs and attorneys’ fees. 

•

 In Tullo v. R.J. Reynolds, et al. (Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Florida), the jury awarded plaintiff a total of $4.5 million in
compensatory damages. The jury assessed 45% of the fault to the smoker, 5% to Lorillard Tobacco and 50% to other defendants. The jury did not award punitive damages to the plaintiff. The court entered a final judgment that awarded plaintiff $225,000
in compensatory damages from Lorillard Tobacco plus 6% annual interest. Defendants noticed an appeal from the final judgment to the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal. 

•

 In Sulcer v. Lorillard Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Escambia County, Florida), the jury awarded $225,000 in compensatory damages to
the plaintiff and it assessed 95% of the fault for the 

16 

Table of Contents

smoker’s injuries to the smoker with 5% allocated to Lorillard Tobacco. The jury returned a verdict for Lorillard Tobacco as to whether plaintiff is entitled to punitive damages. The court
entered a final judgment that incorporated the jury’s determination of the parties’ fault and awarded plaintiff $11,250 in compensatory damages. Lorillard Tobacco paid approximately $246,000 to resolve the damages verdict, costs and fees.
Following this payment, Sulcer was concluded. 

•

 In Jewett v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et al. (Circuit Court, Duval County, Florida), the jury awarded the estate of the decedent $692,981 in
compensatory damages and awarded the plaintiff $400,000 for loss of companionship. The jury assessed 70% of the responsibility for the decedent’s injuries to the decedent, 20% to R.J. Reynolds and 10% to Lorillard Tobacco. The jury determined
that no punitive damages were warranted. The final judgment entered by the trial court reflected the jury’s verdict and awarded plaintiff a total of $109,298 from Lorillard Tobacco plus 6% annual interest. In June 2012, an agreement was reached
between the parties as to the amount of costs and attorneys’ fees incurred and plaintiff’s motion for costs and attorneys’ fees was withdrawn. In November 2012, the Florida First District Court of Appeal reversed the judgment awarding
compensatory damages and ordered the case returned to the trial court for a new trial. In January 2013, the appellate court denied a motion filed by the plaintiff for rehearing of the decision reversing the judgment. 

•

 In Weingart v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, Florida), the jury determined that the decedent did not
sustain any compensatory damages from the defendants, including Lorillard Tobacco, and it returned a verdict for the defendants that punitive damages were not warranted. The jury assessed 91% of the fault for the decedent’s injuries to the
decedent, 3% to Lorillard Tobacco and 3% to each of the other two defendants. Following trial, the court granted in part a motion by the plaintiff to award damages, and it tentatively awarded plaintiff $150,000 in compensatory damages. The court
entered a final judgment that applied the jury’s comparative fault determinations to the court’s award of compensatory damages. The final judgment awarded plaintiff $4,500 from Lorillard Tobacco. Defendants have noticed an appeal to the
Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal from the order that awarded compensatory damages to the plaintiff and have amended their notice of appeal to address the final judgment. In March 2012, the court entered a judgment against the defendants for
costs with Lorillard Tobacco’s share amounting to $43,081 plus 4.75% annual interest. Defendants have noticed an appeal from this cost judgment. 

•

 In Sury v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al., (Circuit Court, Duval County, Florida), the jury awarded plaintiff $1,000,000 in compensatory
damages and assessed 60% of the responsibility for the decedent’s injuries to the decedent, 20% to Lorillard Tobacco and 20% to R.J. Reynolds. The jury returned a verdict for the defendants regarding whether punitive damages were warranted. In
March 2012, the court entered a final judgment against defendants in the amount of $1,000,000 plus 4.75% annual interest, declining to apply the jury’s comparative fault findings to causes of action alleging intentional conduct. Defendants have
noticed an appeal to the Florida First District Court of Appeal from the final judgment that awarded compensatory damages to the plaintiff. In December 2012, Lorillard Tobacco reached an agreement with the plaintiff to resolve the trial costs and
fees, should the judgment be upheld on appeal. 

•

 In Alexander v. Lorillard Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Eleventh Judicial Circuit, Miami-Dade County, Florida) the jury awarded
plaintiff $20,000,000 in compensatory damages and $25,000,000 in punitive damages. Lorillard Tobacco is the only defendant in this case. The jury apportioned 20% of the fault for the smoker's injuries to the smoker and 80% to Lorillard Tobacco. In
March 2012, the court entered a final judgment that applied the jury’s comparative fault determination to the court’s award of compensatory damages, awarding the plaintiff $16,000,000 in compensatory damages and $25,000,000 in punitive
damages from Lorillard Tobacco. In May 2012, the court granted a motion by Lorillard Tobacco to lower the amount of compensatory damages and reduced the amount awarded to $10,000,000 from Lorillard Tobacco. Other post-trial motions challenging the
verdict were denied. The court entered an amended final judgment that applied the jury’s comparative fault 

 determination to the court’s award of compensatory damages, awarding the plaintiff $8,000,000 in 

17 

Table of Contents

compensatory damages and $25,000,000 in punitive damages, plus the statutory rate of interest, should the judgment be upheld on appeal. Lorillard Tobacco has noticed an appeal from the amended
final judgment to the Florida Third District Court of Appeal. Plaintiff filed a motion for attorneys’ fees and costs. In September 2012, an agreement was reached between the parties as to the amount of costs and attorneys’ fees incurred.

•

 In Calloway v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Seventeenth Judicial Circuit, Broward County, Florida), the jury awarded
plaintiff and a daughter of the decedent a total of $20,500,000 in compensatory damages. The jury apportioned 20.5% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker, 27% to R.J. Reynolds, 25% to Philip Morris, 18% to Lorillard Tobacco, and
9.5% to Liggett. The jury awarded $12,600,000 in punitive damages from Lorillard Tobacco and $42,250,000 from the other defendants, for a total punitive damages award of $54,850,000. In August 2012, the court granted a post-trial motion by the
defendants and lowered the compensatory damages award to $16,100,000. The court also ruled that the jury’s finding on the plaintiff’s percentage of comparative fault would not be applied to reduce the compensatory damage award because the
jury found in favor of the plaintiff on her claims alleging intentional conduct. In August 2012, the court entered final judgment against defendants in the amount of $16,100,000 in compensatory damages and $54,850,000 in punitive damages, plus the
statutory rate of interest, which is currently 4.75%. Lorillard Tobacco is liable for $12,600,000 of the total punitive damages award. The final judgment also granted plaintiff’s application for costs and attorneys’ fees, but as of
February 11, 2013, the trial court had not awarded an amount. Defendants have noticed an appeal from the final judgment to the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal. 

•

 In Evers 
v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al. (Circuit Court, Thirteenth Judicial Circuit, Hillsborough County, Florida), the jury
awarded plaintiff and the estate of the decedent a total of $3,230,000 in compensatory damages. The jury apportioned 31% of the fault for the smoker’s injuries to the smoker, 60% to R.J. Reynolds and 9% to Lorillard Tobacco. The jury found that
punitive damages against Lorillard Tobacco were not warranted. The jury determined that punitive damages were warranted against R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. As of February 11, 2013, the trial had not proceeded to a second phase to determine the
amount of punitive damages, if any. 

As of February 11, 2013, verdicts have been returned in 71
Engle Progeny Cases in which neither Lorillard Tobacco nor Lorillard, Inc. were defendants since the Florida Supreme Court issued its 2006 ruling. Juries awarded compensatory damages and punitive damages in 24 of these trials. The punitive
damages awards have totaled approximately $625 million and have ranged from $20,000 to $244 million. In 20 of the trials, juries awarded only compensatory damages. In the 27 other trials, juries found in favor of the defendants. In some of the
trials decided in the defendants’ favor, plaintiffs have filed motions challenging the verdicts. It is not possible to predict the final outcome of this litigation. 

Various intermediate state and federal Florida appellate courts have issued rulings that address the scope of the preclusive effect of the findings from the first phase of the Engle trial,
including whether those findings relieve plaintiffs from the burden of proving certain legal elements of their claims. In July 2010, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit reversed the decision of the trial court in the

Bernice Brown case, finding that it was premature to address the extent of any preclusive effect of the 
Engle Phase I findings until the scope of the factual issues decided in 
Engle Phase I was determined by the trial court. In
December 2010, in the 
Martin case, the Florida First District Court of Appeal disagreed with the 
Bernice Brown ruling and found that the trial court correctly construed the Florida Supreme Court’s 2006 
Engle decision and
that it properly instructed the jury on the preclusive effect of certain of the 
Engle jury’s findings. In September 2011, in the 
Jimmie Lee Brown case, the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal had a different interpretation of
the effect of the 2006 
Engle decision on plaintiff’s claims than both the 
Bernice Brown and 
Martin courts. In December 2011, the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida, in the 
Waggoner case, found
that the Florida Supreme Court’s 2006 
Engle decision to give the 
Engle Phase I findings preclusive effect, in conjunction with the 
Martin and 
Jimmie Lee Brown cases,
 was a constitutionally permissible
application of Florida law. Since the 

18 

Table of Contents

Martin and 
Jimmie Lee Brown decisions, 15 other verdicts awarding damages to plaintiffs have been affirmed in intermediate state Florida appellate courts. The Florida Supreme Court
has granted review in one of those cases, the 
Douglas case, to address the issue of whether a tobacco manufacturer’s due process rights are violated by relying upon the Engle Phase I findings. The Florida Supreme Court heard argument in
September 2012. The due process issue is also currently on appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit in the 
Duke and 
Walker cases. The 
Duke appeal has been stayed pending the Florida Supreme
Court’s decision on 
Douglas. A joint motion to consolidate the 
Duke and 
Walker appeals and suspend any further activity on those appeals until after the Florida Supreme court’s decision on 
Douglas is also
pending. 

In connection with the Engle Progeny Cases, Lorillard and various other tobacco manufacturing defendants face
various legal issues that could materially affect the outcome of the 
Engle cases. These legal issues include, but are not limited to, the application of the statute of limitations and statute of repose, the ability of an 
Engle
plaintiff to pursue a claim against defendants that did not manufacture or market the cigarettes plaintiff smoked, the constitutionality of a cap on the amount of a bond necessary to obtain an automatic stay of a post-trial judgment, and whether
a plaintiff’s representative may continue an existing lawsuit or file a new lawsuit after that the original plaintiff has died. Various intermediate Florida appellate courts and Florida Federal Courts have issued rulings on these issues.

The judgment entered in the federal government’s reimbursement case, while not final in all respects, could restrict or limit our
defenses in other litigation. 

In August 2006, a final judgment and remedial order was entered in United States
of America v. Philip Morris USA, Inc., et al. (U.S. District Court, District of Columbia, filed September 22, 1999). The court based its final judgment and remedial order on the government’s only remaining claims, which were based on
the defendants’ alleged violations of the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (“RICO”). Lorillard, Inc. is not a party to this matter, but Lorillard Tobacco is one of the defendants in the case. Although the verdict
did not award monetary damages to the plaintiff, the final judgment and remedial order imposed a number of requirements on the defendants. Such requirements include, but are not limited to, the publishing of corrective statements by defendants
related to the health effects of smoking. 

In 2009, a three judge panel of the Court of Appeals upheld substantially all of
the District Court’s final judgment and remedial order. In June 2010, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the parties’ petitions seeking review of the case. The case has been returned to the U.S. District Court, District of Columbia for
implementation of the Court of Appeals’ directions in its 2009 ruling and for entry of an amended final judgment. As of February 11, 2013, the trial court had not entered the amended final judgment. 

The 2006 final judgment and remedial order made many adverse findings regarding the conduct of the defendants. It is possible that the
final opinion, final judgment and remedial order entered by the court could form the basis of allegations by the plaintiffs in other matters, or of additional judicial findings by other courts against cigarette manufacturers. It is possible that
other courts could apply the findings in the United States of America case to restrict or otherwise limit our defenses in other litigation. 

A ruling by the United States Supreme Court could limit the ability of cigarette manufacturers to contend that certain claims asserted against them in product liability litigation are barred. The
Supreme Court’s decision also could encourage litigation involving cigarettes labeled as “lights” or “low tar.” 

In December 2008, the United States Supreme Court issued a decision that neither the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act nor the Federal Trade Commission’s regulation of cigarettes’
tar and nicotine disclosures preempts (or bars) some of plaintiffs’ claims. The decision also more broadly addresses the scope of preemption based on the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act, and could significantly limit cigarette
manufacturers’ arguments that certain of plaintiffs’ other claims in smoking and health litigation, including claims based on the alleged concealment of information with respect to the hazards of smoking, are preempted.

19 

Table of Contents

In addition, the Supreme Court’s ruling could encourage litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including us, regarding the sale of cigarettes labeled as “lights” or “low
tar,” and it may limit cigarette manufacturers’ ability to defend such claims. The Supreme Court issued this ruling in a purported “lights” class action, Good v. Altria Group, Inc. We were not a defendant in
 Good. 

The U.S. Surgeon General has issued reports regarding the risks of cigarette smoking to non-smokers that could result in additional
litigation against cigarette manufacturers, additional restrictions placed on the use of cigarettes, and additional regulations placed on the manufacture or sale of cigarettes. 

In a report entitled “The Health Consequences of Involuntary Exposure to Tobacco Smoke: A Report of the Surgeon General, 2006,”
the U.S. Surgeon General summarized conclusions from previous Surgeon General’s reports concerning the health risks to non-smokers from exposure to ETS, also called second-hand smoke. According to this report, scientific evidence supported six
major conclusions: 

•

 Second-hand smoke causes premature death and disease in children and in adults who do not smoke. 

•

 Children exposed to second-hand smoke are at an increased risk for sudden infant death syndrome, acute respiratory infections and ear problems.

•

 Exposure of adults to second-hand smoke has immediate adverse effects on the cardiovascular system and causes heart disease and lung cancer.

•

 The scientific evidence indicates that there is no risk-free level of exposure to second-hand smoke. 

•

 Many millions of Americans, both children and adults, are exposed to second-hand smoke in their homes and workplaces. 

•

 Eliminating smoking in indoor spaces fully protects non-smokers from exposure to second-hand smoke. Separating smokers from non-smokers, cleaning the
air, and ventilating buildings cannot eliminate exposures of non-smokers to second-hand smoke. 

The Surgeon
General also addressed the health risks to non-smokers from exposure to ETS in the 2010 Surgeon General Report. These reports could form the basis of additional litigation against cigarette manufacturers, including us. The reports have been and in
the future could be used to support litigation against us or other cigarette manufacturers. It also is possible that the Surgeon General’s report could result in additional restrictions placed on cigarette smoking or in additional regulations
placed on the manufacture or sale of cigarettes. It is possible that such additional restrictions or regulations could result in a decrease in cigarette sales in the United States, including sales of our brands. These developments may have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We have substantial payment obligations
under the State Settlement Agreements which will have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and operating income in future periods. 

In 1998, Lorillard Tobacco, Philip Morris, RJR Tobacco and Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation (now an affiliate of RJR Tobacco) (the “Original Participating Manufacturers”) entered
into the MSA with 46 states and various other governments and jurisdictions to settle asserted and unasserted health care cost recovery and other claims. We and certain other U.S. tobacco product manufacturers had previously settled similar claims
brought by Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota (the “Initial State Settlements” and, together with the MSA, are referred to as the “State Settlement Agreements).” 

Under the State Settlement Agreements, we paid $1.348 billion in 2012 and estimate that we will pay between $1.350 billion and $1.400
billion in 2013, primarily based on 2012 estimated industry volume. Annual payments under the State Settlement Agreements are required to be paid in perpetuity and are based, among other things, on our domestic market share and unit volume of
domestic shipments, with respect to the MSA, in the year preceding the year in which payment is due, and, with respect to the Initial State Settlements, in the year in which payment is due. 

20 

Table of Contents

In the fourth quarter 2011, RAI, the parent of RJR Tobacco, announced a change to a
mark-to-market pension accounting method. Such method of accounting for pension and postretirement benefits results in the recognition of actuarial gains and losses on pension and postretirement plan assets or benefit obligations in the year it is
incurred rather than amortized over the average future service period of the active employees in such plans. Amounts due under the State Settlement Agreements are impacted by a number of factors, including industry volume, market share and industry
operating profits. As a result of the change to mark-to-market pension accounting announced by RAI, the industry operating profits as defined in the State Settlement Agreements may be impacted positively or negatively in any given year. For example,
in 2012 RAI’s mark-to-market pension adjustment resulted in a $8 million reduction in our obligations under the State Settlement Agreements. It is possible that our State Settlement Agreement obligations, results of operations, cash flows and
financial position could be materially adversely affected by RAI’s mark-to-market adjustments in the future. 

We are unable to
estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of certain material pending litigation. 

We record provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when we determine that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.
Except for the impact of the State Settlement Agreements as described above, while it is reasonably possible that a loss has been incurred, (i) management has concluded that it is not probable that a loss has been incurred in any material
pending litigation against us, (ii) management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome in any material pending litigation due to the many variables, uncertainties and complexities
surrounding pending litigation, and (iii) accordingly, management has not provided any amounts in the consolidated financial statements for possible losses related to material pending litigation. It is possible that our results of operations or
cash flows in a particular quarterly or annual period or its financial position could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending or future litigation or an inability to secure bonds where required to
stay the execution of judgments on appeal. 

We may not be able to develop, produce or commercialize competitive new products and
technologies required by regulatory changes or changes in consumer preferences. 

Consumer health concerns and changes
in regulations are likely to require us to introduce new products or make substantial changes to existing products. For example, all 50 states and the District of Columbia require cigarette manufacturers to reduce the ignition propensity of their
products. We believe that there may be increasing pressure from public health authorities to develop a conventional cigarette, an alternative cigarette or an alternative tobacco product that provides a demonstrable reduced risk of adverse health
effects. Certain of the other major cigarette makers have already developed and marketed alternative cigarette products. We may not be able to develop a reduced risk or reduced exposure product that the FDA allows to be marketed or is acceptable to
consumers. In addition, the costs associated with developing any such new products and technologies could be substantial. 

We face
intense competition and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. 

We compete primarily on the basis of product quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, service, marketing, advertising and price. We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our
business. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors’ introduction of low-priced products or innovative products, increased
competitive discounting and other promotional activity, higher excise taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between price categories, and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate cigarette products. 

Our principal competitors are the two other major U.S. cigarette manufacturers, Philip Morris and RJR Tobacco. We also compete against
numerous other smaller manufacturers or importers of cigarettes. If our major 

21 

Table of Contents

competitors were to significantly increase the level of price discounts offered to consumers, we could respond by increasing price discounts, which could have a materially adverse effect on our
profitability and results of operations. 

The market for electronic cigarettes is evolving at a very fast pace and is very
fragmented, and we compete with many smaller companies with similar product offerings. The method of distribution for many competing companies is predominately over the internet, with only a small number of competitors currently having a significant
presence at retail. 

We are subject to important limitations on advertising and marketing cigarettes that could harm our competitive
position. 

Television and radio advertisements of cigarettes have been prohibited since 1971. Under the State
Settlement Agreements, we generally cannot use billboard advertising, cartoon characters, sponsorship of concerts, non-tobacco merchandise bearing Lorillard’s brand names and various other advertising and marketing techniques. In addition, the
MSA prohibits the targeting of youth in advertising, promotion or marketing of cigarettes. Accordingly, we have determined not to advertise our cigarettes in magazines with large readership among people under the age of 18. In June 2009, the federal
Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act was enacted granting authority over the regulation of cigarettes to the FDA. Pursuant to the FSPTCA, the FDA reissued a set of marketing and sales restrictions originally promulgated in 1995 as part
of an unsuccessful effort by the agency to assert jurisdiction over cigarettes. The FSPTCA contains other restrictions on the advertising, marketing and sale of cigarette products more stringent than those found in the original FDA rule. In
addition, many states, cities and counties have enacted legislation or regulations further restricting tobacco advertising, marketing and sales promotions, and others may do so in the future. Additional restrictions may be imposed or agreed to in
the future. These limitations may make it difficult to maintain the value of an existing brand if sales or market share decline for any reason. Moreover, these limitations significantly impair the ability of cigarette manufacturers, including us, to
launch new premium brands. 

The potential regulation of electronic cigarettes by the Food and Drug Administration may materially
adversely affect our electronic cigarette business. 

During 2012, the FDA indicated that it intends to regulate
electronic cigarettes under the FSPTCA through the issuance of deeming regulations that would include electronic cigarettes under the definition of a “tobacco product” under the FSPTCA subject to the FDA’s jurisdiction. As of
February 11, 2013, the FDA had not taken such action. The application of the FSPTCA to electronic cigarettes could impose, among other things, restrictions on the advertising, marketing and sale of electronic cigarettes, the use of certain
flavorings and introducing new products. See “The regulation of cigarettes by the Food and Drug Administration may materially adversely affect our business” above for additional information on the FSPTCA restrictions applicable to
cigarettes. We cannot predict the scope of such regulations or the impact they may have on our electronic cigarette business, though if enacted, they could have a material adverse effect on our electronic cigarette business in the future.

Changes in laws, regulations and other requirements could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

In addition to the regulation of our business by the FDA, our business, results of operations or financial condition
could be adversely affected by new or future legal requirements imposed by legislative or regulatory initiatives, including but not limited to those relating to health care reform, climate change and environmental matters. For example, the health
care reform legislation, which was signed into law in March 2010, resulted in the repeal of $2 million of future tax deductions for Medicare Part D subsidies for our retiree drug benefits and could impact our accounting for retiree medical benefits,
employer-sponsored medical plans and related matters in future periods. However, the extent of that impact, if any, cannot be determined until regulations are promulgated and additional interpretations of the health care law are available. New
legislation or regulations may result in increased costs directly for our compliance or indirectly to the extent such requirements increase 

22 

Table of Contents

the prices of goods and services because of increased costs or reduced availability. We cannot predict whether such legislative or regulatory initiatives will result in significant changes to
existing laws and regulations and/or whether any changes in such laws or regulations will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Sales of cigarettes are subject to substantial federal, state and local excise taxes. 

The federal excise tax on cigarettes was last increased on April 1, 2009 from $0.39 per pack to $1.0066 per pack to finance health insurance for children. For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2012, combined state and local excise taxes ranged from $0.17 to $5.85 per pack of cigarettes. Various states and localities have raised the excise tax on cigarettes substantially in recent years. During 2012, state excise tax
increases on cigarette sales were implemented in two states ranging from $0.04 per pack to $1.00 per pack. It is our expectation that several states will propose further increases in 2013 and in subsequent years. We believe that increases in excise
and similar taxes have had an adverse impact on sales of cigarettes. In addition, we believe that the 2009 increase in the federal excise tax, as well as possible future increases, the extent of which cannot be predicted, compounded by poor economic
conditions, could result in further volume declines for the cigarette industry, including us, and an increased sales shift toward lower priced discount cigarettes rather than premium brands. 

We are dependent on the domestic cigarette business, which we expect to continue to contract. 

Although we conduct business in Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands, our cigarette business in the 50 states of the United States (the “domestic cigarette market”) is currently our
only significant business and has generally been contracting. We do not have foreign cigarette sales that could offset these effects, as we sold the international rights to substantially all of our cigarette brands, including Newport, in 1977. As a
result of price increases, restrictions on advertising and promotions, increases in regulation and excise taxes, health concerns, a decline in the social acceptability of smoking, increased pressure from anti-tobacco groups and other factors,
industry-wide domestic cigarette shipments have decreased at a compound annual rate of approximately 3.7% during the period 2002 through 2012. Industry-wide domestic cigarette shipments decreased by an estimated 2.3% for 2012 compared to 2011, 3.5%
for 2011 compared to 2010, 3.8% for 2010 compared to 2009 and 8.6% for 2009 compared to 2008. We expect the domestic cigarette market to continue to contract, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial
condition. 

We derive most of our revenue from one brand. 

Our largest selling brand, Newport, accounted for approximately 87.0% of our consolidated net sales for 2012. Our principal strategic plan
revolves around the marketing and sales promotion in support of the Newport brand. We cannot ensure that we will continue to successfully implement our strategic plan with respect to Newport or that implementation of our strategic plan will result
in the maintenance, growth or profitability of the Newport brand. 

The use of significant amounts of promotion expenses and sales
incentives in response to competitive actions and market price sensitivity may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Since 1998, the cigarette market has been increasingly price competitive due to the impact of, among other things, higher state and local excise taxes and the market share of deep discount brands. In
response to these and other competitor actions and pricing pressures, we have engaged in the significant use of promotional expenses and sales incentives. The cost of these measures could have a material adverse impact on our business. We regularly
review the results of our promotional spending activities and adjust our promotional spending programs in an effort to maintain our competitive position. Accordingly, unit sales volume and sales promotion costs in any period are not necessarily
indicative of sales and costs that may be realized in subsequent periods. 

We rely on a limited number of key executives and may
continue to experience difficulty in attracting and hiring qualified new personnel in some areas of our business. 

The
loss of any of our key employees could adversely affect our business. As a tobacco company, we may experience difficulty in identifying and hiring qualified executives and other personnel in some areas of our business. This difficulty is primarily
attributable to the health and social issues associated with the tobacco 

23 

Table of Contents

industry. The loss of services of any key personnel or our inability to attract and hire personnel with requisite skills could restrict our ability to develop new products, enhance existing
products in a timely manner, sell products or manage our business effectively. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Increased restrictions on smoking in public places could adversely affect our sales volume, revenue and profitability. 

In recent years, states and many local and municipal governments and agencies, as well as private businesses, have adopted legislation,
regulations or policies which prohibit, restrict, or discourage smoking; smoking in public buildings and facilities, stores, restaurants and bars; and smoking on airline flights and in the workplace. Other similar laws and regulations are currently
under consideration and may be enacted by state and local governments in the future. Although we have no empirical evidence of the effect of such restrictions, we believe that restrictions on smoking in public and other places may lead to a decrease
in the number of people who smoke or a decrease in the number of cigarettes smoked by smokers. Increased restrictions on smoking in public and other places may have caused a decrease, and may continue to cause a decrease in the volume of cigarettes
that would otherwise be sold by us absent such restrictions, which may have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits. 

We rely on a single manufacturing facility for the production of our cigarettes. 

We produce all of our traditional cigarettes at our Greensboro, North Carolina manufacturing facility. If our manufacturing plant is
damaged, destroyed or incapacitated or we are otherwise unable to operate our manufacturing facility, we may be unable to produce cigarettes and may be unable to meet customer demand which could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume,
revenue and profits. 

We rely on a small number of suppliers for certain of our leaf tobacco and reconstituted tobacco.

We purchased approximately 31.9%, 24.9% and 27.4% of our leaf tobacco through one supplier in 2012, 2011 and 2010,
Alliance One International, Inc. (“Alliance One”). If Alliance One becomes unwilling or unable to supply leaf tobacco to us, we believe that leaf tobacco may not be available at prices comparable to those we pay to Alliance One, which
could have a material adverse effect on our future profits. In addition, we purchase all of our reconstituted tobacco from one supplier, which is an affiliate of RAI, one of our major competitors. Reconstituted tobacco is a form of tobacco material
manufactured as a paper-like sheet from small pieces of tobacco that are too small to incorporate into the cigarette directly and may include some tobacco stems, and which is used as a component of cigarette blends. If RAI becomes unwilling or
unable to supply us and we are unable to find an alternative supplier on a timely basis, our operations could be disrupted resulting in lower production levels and reduced sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume,
revenue and profits in the future. 

The availability of counterfeit cigarettes could adversely affect our sales volume, revenue and
profitability. 

Sales of counterfeit cigarettes in the United States, including counterfeits of our Newport brand,
could adversely impact sales by the manufacturers of the brands that are counterfeited and potentially damage the value and reputation of those brands. Additionally, smokers who mistake counterfeit cigarettes for our cigarettes may attribute quality
and taste deficiencies in the counterfeit product to our brands and discontinue purchasing our brands. Although we do not believe that sales of counterfeit Newport cigarettes have had a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and
profits to date, the availability of counterfeit Newport cigarettes together with the potential regulation of cigarettes and their ingredients, substantial increases in excise taxes and other potential price increases could result in increased
demand for counterfeit product that could have a material adverse effect on our sales volume, revenue and profits in the future. 

24 

Table of Contents

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our
brands and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our intellectual property is material to the conduct of our
business. Our ability to maintain and further build brand recognition is dependent on the continued and exclusive use of our trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade secrets and other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and
logo and the unique features of our tobacco products. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are ineffective, thereby permitting a third-party to misappropriate or infringe on our intellectual property, the value of our brands may be
harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and might prevent our brands from growing or maintaining market share. 

Our business could be materially adversely affected by any failure, interruption or security lapse of our information technology systems.

Our ability to effectively manage our business depends significantly on our information systems. The failure of our
current systems, or future upgrades, to operate effectively or to integrate with other systems, could result in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales and customers, disrupting our business. In addition, cybersecurity
threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, denial of service attacks and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems,
unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Although we have in place various processes, procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate these threats, there can be no assurance that these will be
sufficient to prevent a material security threat. If any of these events were to materialize, they could lead to disruption of our operations, loss of sensitive information or damage to our reputation, and could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and of Delaware
law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could decrease the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Our
certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors rather than to attempt a
hostile takeover. These provisions include: 

•

 a board of directors that is divided into three classes with staggered terms; 

•

 elimination of the right of our shareholders to act by written consent; 

•

 rules regarding how our shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; 

•

 the right of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; and 

•

 limitations on the right of shareholders to remove directors. 

Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our
outstanding Common Stock. 

We believe these provisions protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover
tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our board with time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to prevent such takeovers. However, these provisions apply
even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is not in our best interests and those of our shareholders. 

The Separation Agreement between us and Loews contains provisions that may prevent or discourage other companies from acquiring us.

The tax-free nature of the Separation may be affected by certain transactions undertaken by us. In particular, under
Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Separation would become taxable to Loews if it was 

25 

Table of Contents

determined that 50% or more of the shares of our Common Stock were acquired, directly or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related transactions that included the Separation. If, as a
result of acquisitions of our Common Stock subsequent to the Separation, the Separation becomes taxable pursuant to Section 355(e), Loews would recognize a substantial gain for tax purposes as the Separation would be treated as a sale of
Lorillard for federal income tax purposes. The Separation Agreement requires us (and any successor entity) to indemnify Loews for any losses resulting from the failure of the Separation to qualify as a tax free transaction (except if the failure to
qualify is solely due to Loews’s fault). This indemnification obligation applies regardless of whether the action is restricted as described above, or whether we or a potential acquirer obtains a supplemental ruling or an opinion of counsel.
These restrictions and potential indemnification obligations may prevent or discourage other companies from acquiring us. 

We are
required to indemnify Loews against losses and other expenses incurred at any time (including with respect to smoking and health claims and litigation) with respect to our assets, properties and businesses. 

In the Separation Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify Loews and its officers, directors, employees and agents against costs and
expenses (including, but not limited to, litigation matters and other claims) based on, arising out of or resulting from, among other things, the ownership or the operation of us and our assets and properties, and the operation or conduct of us and
our businesses at any time prior to or following the Separation (including with respect to smoking and health claims and litigation). If Loews incurs legal or other fees or costs and expenses resulting from the operation of our businesses or
otherwise with respect to us, we are required to reimburse Loews for such losses and any legal or other fees related thereto, which could be substantial. These indemnification obligations may discourage third parties from trying to acquire us
because our indemnification obligations are binding on our successors and we are prohibited by the Separation Agreement from merging, consolidating or transferring all or a significant portion of our properties or assets unless the resulting entity,
transferee or successor agrees to be bound by these indemnification obligations. In addition, we could face substantial charges for indemnification payments to Loews, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We do not believe the Separation has altered or will alter our legal exposure with respect to
tobacco-related claims.