We
 are
 exposed to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Most are general risks and
 uncertainties applicable to all retailers, but some are more particular to
 retailers serving the home improvement industry. Our operations may also
 be
 affected by factors that are either not currently known to us or which we
 currently consider immaterial to our business. We describe below some of
 the
 specific known factors that could negatively affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. All forward-looking statements made
 by us
 in this Annual Report to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K,
 in
 our Annual Report to Shareholders and in our subsequently filed quarterly
 and
 current reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in
 our
 press releases and other public communications, are qualified by the risks
 described below. 

Our
 sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general
 economy.

General
 economic factors and other conditions, both domestically and internationally,
 may adversely affect the United States, the global economy and our financial
 performance, including, but not limited to, acts of terrorism, developments
 in
 the war against terrorism in Asia and the Middle East, natural disasters,
 increasing fuel and energy costs, inflation, recession, consumer debt levels
 and
 the volatility of financial markets.

Adverse
 changes in economic factors specific to the home improvement industry may
 negatively impact the rate of growth of our net sales and comparable store
 sales.

Sales
 of
 many of our product categories and services are driven by activity level
 of home
 improvement projects. Many of those sales are to consumers who are either
 doing
 the home improvement projects themselves or using our installation services,
 but
 many others are to professionals who are in the business of providing
 construction, renovation, and property maintenance services. Spending on
 home
 improvement projects increased in 2005 but at a slower rate than in 2004.
 Rising
 interest-rates, reduction in the availability of credit, increased heating
 and
 gas expenses, and slowing home-price appreciation, could limit consumer’s
 discretionary spending and lead to reduced spending on home improvement
 projects. The impact of these economic factors specific to the home improvement
 industry would be exacerbated by a weak job market. 

Unseasonable
 weather and adverse weather conditions can negatively affect our net sales
 and
 comparable store sales. 

Wet
 and
 cold weather, particularly during the spring and early summer months of the
 year
 when many of the products we sell are designed for outdoor use, are generally
 detrimental to our sales and can make it difficult to sell seasonal merchandise
 inventory. Although the impact of adverse weather conditions is mitigated
 by the
 geographic dispersion of our stores, unseasonable weather is an ongoing,
 significant risk to the performance of our business. 

Our
 store expansion and relocation strategy depends upon our ability to successfully
 open, relocate and operate new stores each year.

Our
 growth in net sales depends to a substantial degree on successfully and
 cost-effectively implementing our ongoing, aggressive expansion program.
 We must
 adapt our merchandising, marketing and distribution initiatives to new markets,
 both domestically and, going forward, in Canada. We must also increase the
 number of our stores in markets in which we currently operate. Our ability
 to
 open additional stores depends, in large measure, upon our ability to locate
 and
 acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local land use and other
 regulations restricting the construction of buildings in the formats with
 which
 we operate may affect our ability to open new stores in some markets. Increased
 real estate, construction and development costs could also limit our growth
 opportunities. Our ability to continue to expand our operations depends also
 on
 our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified
 employees. If we are unable to open new stores at the rate we currently plan
 to
 do so and staff them with qualified employees, the growth in our net sales
 and
 our competitive position could be adversely affected.

 10

If
 we
 fail to hire, train and retain qualified managers, sales associates and other
 employees in our stores we could lose sales to our
 competitors.

Customers’
 perceptions of the quality of service provided by employees can determine
 any
 retailer’s success or failure. Competition for qualified store managers and
 sales associates among retailers in the home improvement retailing business
 is
 intense, and if we fail to attract, train and retain qualified managers and
 sales associates in our existing and new stores our financial performance
 could
 be adversely impacted. Consumers shopping for goods and services for home
 improvement projects expect to have sales associates serving them who are
 knowledgeable about product categories located throughout our stores.

Excessive
 turnover, which has historically been high among employees in entry-level
 or
 part-time positions, increases the risk that sales associates will not have
 the
 training and experience needed to provide competitive, high quality customer
 service. 

Our
 Commercial Business Customers demand a higher level of customer service that
 is
 challenging to meet on a consistent basis.

Commercial
 Business Customers in the home improvement industry expect to have their
 business handled by commercial sales specialists with an even greater depth
 of
 knowledge about the products these customers need. If we fail to staff our
 commercial sales desks in our stores with experienced and knowledgeable
 employees who can satisfy their demands, we run the risk that we will lose
 Commercial Business Customers to our competitors. 

We
 have many competitors, who, if we fail to execute our merchandising, marketing
 and distribution strategies effectively, could take sales and market share
 away
 from us. 

We
 operate in a highly competitive market for home improvement products and
 services and have numerous large and small, direct and indirect competitors.
 The
 principal competitive factors in our industry include location of stores,
 price
 and quality of merchandise, in-stock consistency, merchandise assortment
 and
 presentation, and customer service. Our failure to respond effectively to
 competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could affect our
 financial performance. Moreover, unanticipated changes in the pricing and
 other
 practices of our competitors, including the effects of competitor liquidation
 activities, may impact our expected results.

An
 unusual number of product liability or breach of warranty claims for defective
 products could expose us to expensive claims and damage our standing with
 our
 customers.

We
 are
 exposed to product liability and product warranty claims relating to the
 products we sell that could adversely affect our financial condition, results
 of
 operations and cash flows. Because we do not have direct control over the
 quality of products manufactured or supplied to us by our vendors and because
 we
 self-insure for such product liability and warranty claims, we are exposed
 to
 risks relating to the quality of such products. Product liability claims
 can be
 expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other
 personnel for significant periods, regardless of the ultimate outcome. Claims
 of
 this nature could also have a negative impact on customer confidence in the
 products we stock and sell and our reputation.

Our
 financial performance could suffer if we fail to properly maintain our critical
 information systems or if those systems are seriously disrupted.

An
 important part of our efforts to achieve efficiencies, cost reductions, and
 sales and cash flow growth is the identification and implementation of
 improvements to our management information systems to improve operations
 such as
 inventory replenishment systems, merchandise ordering, transportation, and
 receipt processing. Our financial performance could be adversely affected
 if our
 management information systems are seriously disrupted or we are unable to
 improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our systems.

If
 the domestic and international supply chain for the products we stock and
 sell
 is disrupted, our net sales and comparable store sales would be adversely
 impacted. 

We
 source
 the approximately 40,000 products we stock and sell from approximately 7,000
 domestic and international vendors. We source many of those products directly
 from foreign manufacturers. Political or financial instability among suppliers,
 trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates and transport capacity
 and
 costs are beyond our control and could negatively impact our business if
 they
 seriously disrupted the movement of products through our supply
 chain.

Our
 inability to effectively manage and expand our relationships with selected
 suppliers of brand name products could negatively impact our ability to
 differentiate ourselves from our competitors.

Part
 of
 our expansion strategy includes continued differentiation from our competitors.
 To better distinguish our product offering, we form strategic relationships
 with
 selected suppliers to market and develop products under a variety of recognized
 and respected brand names. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage
 the relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business
 plan
 and financial results.

 11