You
should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this Risk
Factors section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings
with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
position, results of operations and cash flows. In evaluating us, you should
consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below and the
matters described in “About Forward-Looking Statements.”

Cyclical industry
conditions and commodity pricing have and may continue to adversely affect our
financial conditions and results of operations.

   Our operating results reflect
the general cyclical pattern of the building products industry. Demand for our
products correlates to a significant degree to the level of residential
construction activity in North America, which historically has been characterized
by significant cyclicality. This cyclicality is influenced by a number of
factors, including longer-term interest rates, which in recent years have been
at relatively low levels. A significant increase in longer-term interest rates,
or the occurrence of other events that reduce levels of residential
construction activity, could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our primary product, OSB, and
a significant portion of our raw materials are globally traded commodity
products. In addition, our products are subject to competition from
manufacturers worldwide. Historical prices for our products have been volatile,
and we, like other participants in the building products industry, have limited
influence over the timing and extent of price changes for our products. Product
pricing is significantly affected by the relationship between supply and demand
in the building products industry. Product supply is influenced primarily by
fluctuations in available manufacturing capacity. Demand is affected by the
state of the economy in general and a variety of other factors. The level of
new residential construction activity and home repair and remodeling activity
primarily affects the demand for our building products. Demand is also subject
to fluctuations due to changes in economic conditions, interest rates,
population growth, weather conditions and other factors. We are not able to
predict with certainty market conditions and selling prices for our products. We
cannot assure you that prices for our products will not decline from current
levels. A prolonged and severe weakness in the markets for one or more of our
principal products, particularly OSB, could seriously harm our financial
condition and results of operations and our ability to satisfy our cash
requirements, including the payment of interest and principal on our debt.

We have a high degree of
product concentration.

OSB
accounted for about 60% of our sales in 2005 and 64% in 2004 and we expect OSB
sales to continue to account for a substantial portion of our revenues and
profits in the future. Concentration of our business in the OSB market further
increases our sensitivity to commodity pricing and price volatility. We cannot
assure you that pricing for OSB or our other products will not decline from
current levels.

Increased industry
production capacity for OSB could constrain our operating margins for the
foreseeable future.

According
to Resource Information Systems, Inc. (RISI), an industry market research
organization, total North American OSB annual production capacity increased by
about 7 billion square feet from 2000 to 2005 on a 
3
¤
8 -inch
equivalent basis and is projected to increase by approximately 8 billion square
feet in the 2006 to 2010 period. RISI has projected that total North American
demand for OSB will increase by about 8 billion square feet during the same
2006 to 2010 period. If increases in OSB production capacity exceed increases
in OSB demand, OSB could have constrained operating margins in the foreseeable
future.

Intense competition in the
building products industry could prevent us from increasing or sustaining our
net sales and from sustaining profitability.

   The markets for our products
are highly competitive. Our competitors range from very large, fully integrated
forest and building products firms to smaller firms that may manufacture only
one or a few types of products. We also compete less directly with firms that
manufacture substitutes for wood building products. Many of our competitors
have greater financial and other resources than we do, and certain of the mills
operated by our competitors may be lower-cost producers than the mills operated
by us.

9

Our results of operations
may be harmed by potential shortages of raw materials and increases in raw
material costs.

The
most significant raw material used in our operations is wood fiber. We
currently obtain about 59% of our wood fiber requirements in the open market. Wood
fiber is subject to commodity pricing, which fluctuates on the basis of market
factors over which we have no control. In addition, the cost of various types
of wood fiber that we purchase in the market has at times fluctuated greatly
because of governmental, economic or industry conditions. In addition to wood
fiber, we also use a significant quantity of various resins in our
manufacturing processes. Resin product costs are influenced by changes in the
prices or availability of raw materials used to produce resins, primarily
petroleum products, as well as demand for and availability of resin products. Selling
prices of our products have not always increased in response to raw material
cost increases. We are unable to determine to what extent, if any, we will be
able to pass any future raw material cost increases through to our customers
through product price increases. Our inability to pass increased costs through
to our customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Many
of the Canadian forestlands also are subject to the constitutionally protected
treaty or common-law rights of the aboriginal peoples of Canada. Most of B.C.
is not covered by treaties and, as a result, the claims of B.C.’s aboriginal
peoples relating to forest resources are largely unresolved, although many
aboriginal groups are actively engaged in treaty discussions with the
governments of B.C. and Canada. Final or interim resolution of claims brought
by aboriginal groups are expected to result in additional restrictions on the
sale or harvest of timber and may increase operating costs and affect timber
supply and prices in Canada. It is possible that, over the long term, such
claims could have an adverse effect on LP’s business and results of operations.

Our operations require
substantial capital.

   Capital expenditures for expansion
or replacement of existing facilities or equipment or to comply with future
changes in environmental laws and regulations may be substantial. Although we
maintain our production equipment with regular periodic and scheduled
maintenance, we cannot assure you that key pieces of equipment in our various
production processes will not need to be repaired or replaced or that we will
not incur significant additional costs associated with environmental compliance.
The costs of repairing or replacing such equipment and the associated downtime
of the affected production line could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Based on our current
operations, we believe our cash flow from operations and other capital
resources will be adequate to meet our operating needs, capital expenditures
and other cash requirements for the foreseeable future. If for any reason we
are unable to provide for our operating needs, capital expenditures and other
cash requirements on economic terms, we could experience a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

We are subject to
significant environmental regulation and environmental compliance expenditures
and liabilities.

Our
businesses are subject to many environmental laws and regulations, particularly
with respect to discharges of pollutants and other emissions on or into land,
water and air, and the disposal, remediation of hazardous substances or other
contaminants and, in the past, the restoration and reforestation of timberlands.
Compliance with these laws and regulations is a significant factor in our
business. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant
expenditures to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Moreover,
some or all of the environmental laws and regulations to which we are subject
could become more stringent in the future. Our failure to comply with
applicable environmental laws and regulations and permit requirements could
result in civil or criminal fines or penalties or enforcement actions,
including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or
requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or
remedial actions.

Some
environmental laws and regulations impose liability and responsibility on
present and former owners, operators or users of facilities and sites for
contamination at such facilities and sites without regard to causation or
knowledge of contamination. In addition, we occasionally evaluate various
alternatives with respect to our facilities, including possible dispositions or
closures. Investigations undertaken in connection 

10

with these activities may lead to discoveries of
contamination that must be remediated, and closures of facilities may trigger
compliance requirements that are not applicable to operating facilities. Consequently,
we cannot assure you that existing or future circumstances or developments with
respect to contamination will not require significant expenditures by us.

We are involved in various
environmental matters and legal proceedings. The outcome of these matters and
proceedings and the magnitude of related costs and liabilities are subject to
uncertainties.

   The
conduct of our business involves the use of hazardous substances and the
generation of contaminants and pollutants. In addition, the end-users of many
of our products are members of the general public. We currently are and from
time to time in the future will be involved in a number of environmental
matters and legal proceedings, including legal proceedings involving warranty
or non-warranty product liability claims and other claims, including claims for
wrongful death, personal injury and property damage alleged to have arisen out of
the use or release by us or our predecessors of hazardous substances.
Environmental matters and legal matters and proceedings, including class action
settlements relating to certain of our products, have in the past caused and in
the future may cause us to incur substantial costs. We have established
contingency reserves in our consolidated financial statements with respect to
the estimated costs of existing environmental matters and legal proceedings to
the extent that our management has determined that such costs are both probable
and reasonably estimable as to amount. However, such reserves are based upon
various estimates and assumptions relating to future events and circumstances,
all of which are the subject of inherent uncertainties. We regularly monitor
our estimated exposure to environmental and litigation loss contingencies and,
as additional information becomes known, may change our estimates significantly.
However, no estimate of the range of any such change can be made at this time. We
may incur costs in respect of existing and future environmental matters and
legal proceedings as to which no contingency reserves have been established. We
cannot assure you that we will have sufficient resources available to satisfy
the related costs and expenses associated 

with these matters and proceedings.

Settlements of tax
exposures may exceed the amounts we have established for known estimated tax
exposures.

We
maintain reserves for known estimated tax exposures in federal, state and
international jurisdictions. Significant income tax exposures may include
potential challenges to intercompany pricing, the treatment of financing,
acquisition and disposition transactions, the use of hybrid entities, the use
of the installment sale method of accounting for tax purposes and other
matters. These exposures are settled primarily through the closure of audits
with the taxing jurisdictions and, on occasion, through the judicial process,
either of which may produce a result inconsistent with past estimates. We
believe that we have appropriate liabilities established for known estimated
exposures, however, if actual results differ materially from our estimates we
could experience a material adverse affect on our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could
result in currency exchange losses.

A significant portion of our operations are conducted
through foreign subsidiaries. The functional currency for our Canadian
subsidiary is the U.S. dollar. The financial statements of this foreign
subsidiary are remeasured into U.S. dollars using the historical exchange rate
for property, plant and equipment, timber and timberlands, goodwill, equity and
certain other non-monetary assets and liabilities and related depreciation and
amortization on these assets and liabilities. These transaction gains or losses
are recorded in foreign exchange gains (losses) in the income statement. The
functional currency of our Chilean subsidiary is the Chilean Peso. Translation
adjustments, which are based upon the exchange rate at the balance sheet date
for assets and liabilities and the weighted average rate for the income
statement, are recorded in the Accumulated Comprehensive Income (Loss) section
of Stockholders’ Equity. Therefore, a strengthening of the Canadian dollar or
the Chilean Peso relative to the U.S. dollar may have a material adverse affect
on our financial condition and results of operations.