.

 We are subject to a number of risks. Some of the risks that
 we face are endemic to the semiconductor industry, but the fact
 that certain risks are endemic to our industry does not lessen
 the significance of these risks. You should carefully consider
 all of the following risk factors and the other information in
 this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 in evaluating our business.

 We are subject to a number of risks associated with our
 pending merger with Agere. On December 3, 2006, we entered
 into a merger agreement with Agere and we publicly announced the
 signing of the merger agreement on December 4, 2006.
 Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
 the merger agreement, at the effective time of the proposed
 merger a wholly owned subsidiary of LSI will merge with and into
 Agere, with Agere continuing as the surviving corporation of the
 merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of LSI. Upon
 completion of the merger, each share of Agere common stock that
 is outstanding at the effective time of the merger will be
 converted into the right to receive 2.16 (the “Exchange
 Ratio”) shares of common stock of LSI. Each outstanding
 option to purchase Agere common stock, whether or not then
 vested or exercisable, shall be assumed by LSI and will be
 exercisable for a number of shares of LSI common stock at an
 exercise price adjusted to reflect the Exchange Ratio. The
 completion of the proposed merger is subject to various
 customary conditions, including (i) obtaining the approval
 of the LSI and Agere stockholders, (ii) absence of any
 applicable law prohibiting the merger, (iii) certain
 regulatory approvals, (iv) subject to certain exceptions,
 the accuracy of the representations and warranties of each
 party, and (v) performance in all material respects by each
 party of its obligations under the merger agreement. Our pending
 merger with Agere is described in detail in the Registration
 Statement on
 Form S-4
 that we have filed with the SEC in connection with the merger
 and in the joint proxy statement/prospectus included in such
 registration statement. You should read and consider the
 information in such registration statement and joint proxy
 statement/prospectus.

 As a result of the many risks that we face, our business,
 financial condition or results of operations could be materially
 and adversely affected. This could cause the trading price of
 our common stock to decline, and stockholders might lose some or
 all of their investment.

 16

Table of Contents

 Please consider the following risk factors when you read
 “forward-looking“ statements elsewhere in this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K
 and in the information incorporated herein by reference.
 Forward-looking statements are statements that relate to our
 expectations for future events and time periods. Generally, the
 words, “anticipate,” “expect,”
 “intend” and similar expressions identify
 forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve
 risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ
 materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
 statements.

 Relating to our Proposed Merger with Agere

 The
 issuance of shares of LSI common stock to Agere stockholders in
 the proposed merger with Agere will substantially reduce the
 percentage interests of LSI stockholders.

 If the proposed merger with Agere is completed, we expect that
 (i) approximately 365.8 million shares of LSI common
 stock would be issued to Agere stockholders, (ii) upon
 exercise of assumed equity awards, up to approximately
 59.7 million additional shares will be issued to holders of
 assumed options and restricted stock units and (iii) an
 additional 23.6 million shares will be issuable upon
 conversion of Agere’s outstanding convertible notes. Based
 on the number of shares of LSI and Agere common stock
 outstanding on January 31, 2007, Agere stockholders before
 the merger with Agere will own, in the aggregate, approximately
 48% of the fully diluted shares of LSI common stock immediately
 after the merger with Agere, excluding shares issuable upon
 conversion of Agere’s outstanding convertible notes. The
 issuance of shares of LSI common stock to Agere stockholders in
 the merger and to holders of assumed options and restricted
 stock units will cause a significant reduction in the relative
 percentage interest of current LSI stockholders in earnings,
 voting, liquidation value and book and market value.

 The
 proposed merger with Agere is subject to the receipt of consents
 and approvals from government entities that may impose
 conditions that could have an adverse effect on LSI or Agere or
 could cause abandonment of the merger.

 Completion of the proposed merger with Agere is conditioned upon
 the making of certain filings with and notices to, and the
 receipt of consents, orders and approvals from, various local,
 state, federal and foreign governmental entities. Certain of
 these consents, orders and approvals will involve the relevant
 governmental entity’s consideration of the effect of the
 merger on competition in various jurisdictions.

 The reviewing authorities may not permit the proposed merger
 with Agere at all or may impose restrictions or conditions on
 the merger that may seriously harm the combined company if the
 merger is completed. These conditions could include a complete
 or partial license, divestiture, spin-off or the holding
 separate of assets or businesses. Either LSI or Agere may refuse
 to complete the merger if restrictions or conditions are
 required by governmental authorities that would materially
 adversely impact the combined company’s results of
 operations or the benefits anticipated to be derived by the
 combined company. Any delay in the completion of the merger
 could diminish the anticipated benefits of the merger or result
 in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue or other
 effects associated with uncertainty about the transaction.

 LSI and Agere also may agree to restrictions or conditions
 imposed by antitrust authorities in order to obtain regulatory
 approval, and these restrictions or conditions could harm the
 combined company’s operations. No additional stockholder
 approvals are expected to be required for any decision by LSI or
 Agere, after the proposed annual meeting of Agere stockholders
 and the proposed special meeting of LSI stockholders, to agree
 to any terms and conditions necessary to resolve any regulatory
 objections to the merger.

 In addition, during or after the statutory waiting periods, and
 even after completion of the proposed merger with Agere,
 governmental authorities could seek to block or challenge the
 merger as they deem necessary or desirable in the public
 interest. In addition, in some jurisdictions, a competitor,
 customer or other third party could initiate a private action
 under the antitrust laws challenging or seeking to enjoin the
 merger, before or after it is completed. We may not prevail, or
 may incur significant costs, in defending or settling any action
 under antitrust laws.

 17

Table of Contents

 The
 proposed merger with Agere may not be completed, and any delay
 in completing the proposed merger with Agere may significantly
 reduce the benefits expected to be obtained from the
 merger.

 In addition to the required regulatory clearances and approvals,
 the proposed merger with Agere is subject to a number of other
 conditions beyond the control of LSI and Agere that may prevent,
 delay or otherwise materially adversely affect its completion.
 We cannot predict whether and when these other conditions will
 be satisfied. Further, the requirements for obtaining the
 required clearances and approvals could delay the completion of
 the merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from
 occurring. Any delay in completing the merger may significantly
 reduce the synergies and other benefits that we expect to
 achieve if we successfully complete the merger within the
 expected timeframe and integrate our businesses.

 Customer
 uncertainties related to the proposed merger with Agere could
 adversely affect our business, revenues and gross
 margins.

 In response to the announcement of the proposed merger with
 Agere or due to ongoing uncertainty about the merger, customers
 of LSI or Agere may delay or defer purchasing decisions or elect
 to switch to other suppliers. In particular, prospective
 customers could be reluctant to purchase the products and
 services of LSI, Agere or the combined company due to
 uncertainty about the direction of the combined company’s
 offerings and willingness to support existing products. To the
 extent that the merger creates uncertainty among those persons
 and organizations contemplating purchases such that one large
 customer, or a significant group of smaller customers, delays,
 defers or changes purchases in connection with the planned
 merger, the revenues of LSI, Agere or the combined company would
 be adversely affected. Customer assurances may be made by LSI
 and Agere to address their customers’ uncertainty about the
 direction of the combined company’s product and related
 support offerings, which may result in additional obligations of
 LSI, Agere or the combined company. In addition, the
 announcement of the merger may cause prospective licensees of
 Agere’s intellectual property to delay or defer licensing
 decisions, resulting in a decline in Agere’s licensing
 revenues, which could have a significant impact on the
 profitability of Agere and the combined company. Quarterly
 revenues and net earnings of LSI, Agere or the combined company
 could be substantially below expectations of market analysts and
 a decline in the companies’ respective stock prices could
 result.

 Provisions
 of the merger agreement may deter alternative business
 combinations and could negatively affect our stock price if the
 merger agreement is terminated in certain
 circumstances.

 The merger agreement prohibits LSI and Agere from soliciting,
 initiating, encouraging or facilitating certain alternative
 acquisition proposals with any third party, subject to
 exceptions set forth in the merger agreement. The merger
 agreement also provides for the payment by LSI or Agere of a
 termination fee of $120 million if the merger agreement is
 terminated in certain circumstances in connection with a
 competing third-party acquisition proposal for one of the
 companies. These provisions limit our ability to pursue offers
 from third parties that could result in greater value to our
 stockholders. The obligation to pay the termination fee also may
 discourage a third party from pursuing an alternative
 acquisition proposal. If the merger is terminated and we
 determine to seek another business combination, we can not
 assure you that we will be able to negotiate a transaction with
 another company on terms comparable to the terms of the merger,
 or that we will avoid incurring fees associated with the
 termination of the merger agreement.

 In the event the merger is terminated by LSI or Agere in
 circumstances that obligate either party to pay the termination
 fee to the other party, including where either party terminates
 the merger agreement because the other party’s board of
 directors withdraws its support of the merger, our stock price
 may decline.

 If the
 proposed merger with Agere is not completed, we will have
 incurred substantial costs that may adversely affect our results
 of operations and the market price of our common
 stock.

 If the proposed merger with Agere is not completed, the price of
 our common stock may decline to the extent that the current
 market prices of our common stock reflect a market assumption
 that the merger will be completed. In addition, we have incurred
 and will incur substantial costs in connection with the proposed
 merger. These costs are primarily associated with the fees of
 attorneys, accountants and our financial advisor. In addition,
 we have

 18

Table of Contents

 diverted significant management resources in an effort to
 complete the proposed merger and we are subject to restrictions
 contained in the merger agreement on the conduct of our
 business. If the merger is not completed, we will have incurred
 significant costs, including the diversion of management
 resources, for which we will have received little or no benefit.
 Also, if the merger is not completed under certain circumstances
 specified in the merger agreement, we may be required to pay a
 termination fee of $120 million.

 In addition, if the proposed merger with Agere is not completed,
 we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets
 and our suppliers, customers and employees. Each of these
 factors may adversely affect the trading price of our common
 stock and our results of operations.

 Risk
 Factors Relating to our Business and Risk Factors Relating to
 the Business of the Combined Company if our Proposed Merger with
 Agere is completed

 We may
 fail to realize the benefits expected from the proposed merger
 with Agere, which could adversely affect the value of our common
 stock.

 The proposed merger involves the integration of LSI and Agere,
 two companies that have previously operated independently. We
 entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that,
 among other things, the proposed merger would enable us to
 consolidate support functions, leverage our research and
 development, patents and services across a larger base, and
 integrate our workforces to create opportunities to achieve cost
 savings and to become a stronger and more competitive company.
 Although we expect significant benefits to result from the
 proposed merger, there can be no assurance that the combined
 company will actually realize these or any other anticipated
 benefits of the merger.

 The value of our common stock following completion of the
 proposed merger may be affected by the ability of the combined
 company to achieve the benefits expected to result from the
 merger. LSI and Agere currently operate in 20 countries, with a
 combined workforce of approximately 9,100 employees. Achieving
 the benefits of the merger will depend in part upon meeting the
 challenges inherent in the successful combination and
 integration of global business enterprises of the size and scope
 of LSI and Agere. The challenges involved in this integration
 include the following:

 • 

 Demonstrating to customers of LSI and Agere that the merger will
 not result in adverse changes to the ability of the combined
 company to address the needs of customers or the loss of
 attention or business focus;

 • 

 Coordinating and integrating independent research and
 development teams across technologies and product platforms to
 enhance product development while reducing costs;

 • 

 Combining product offerings;

 • 

 Consolidating and integrating corporate, information technology,
 finance, and administrative infrastructures;

 • 

 Coordinating sales and marketing efforts to effectively position
 the capabilities of the combined company and the direction of
 product development; and

 • 

 Minimizing the diversion of management attention from important
 business objectives.

 If the combined company does not successfully manage these
 issues and the other challenges inherent in integrating
 businesses of the size and complexity of LSI and Agere, then the
 combined company may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the
 proposed merger and our revenues, expenses, operating results
 and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
 For example, goodwill and other intangible assets could be
 determined to be impaired, which could adversely affect our
 financial results of operations. The successful integration of
 the LSI and Agere businesses is likely to require significant
 management attention both before and after the completion of the
 proposed merger, and may divert the attention of our management
 from business and operational issues.

 19

Table of Contents

 We
 must attract and retain key employees in a highly competitive
 environment; uncertainties associated with the proposed merger
 with Agere may cause a loss of employees and may otherwise
 materially adversely affect the businesses of LSI and Agere, and
 the future business and operations of the combined
 company.

 Our success depends in part upon our ability to retain key
 employees. In some of the fields in which we operate, there are
 only a limited number of people in the job market who possess
 the requisite skills. We have experienced difficulty in hiring
 and retaining sufficient numbers of qualified engineers in parts
 of our business. Current and prospective employees of LSI and
 Agere may experience uncertainty about their post-merger roles
 with the combined company following the proposed merger. This
 may materially adversely affect our ability to attract and
 retain key management, sales, marketing, technical and other
 personnel. In addition, key employees may depart because of
 issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration
 or a desire not to remain with us following the proposed merger.
 The loss of services of any key personnel or the inability to
 hire new personnel with the requisite skills could restrict our
 ability to develop new products or enhance existing products in
 a timely matter, to sell products to customers or to manage our
 business effectively.

 The
 industries in which we operate are highly cyclical, and our
 operating results may fluctuate.

 We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor device and
 storage systems industries. These industries are characterized
 by wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. In the past,
 the semiconductor industry has experienced significant
 downturns, often in connection with, or in anticipation of,
 excess manufacturing capacity worldwide, maturing product cycles
 and declines in general economic conditions. Even if demand for
 our products remains constant, the availability of additional
 excess production capacity in the semiconductor industry may
 create competitive pressures that can degrade pricing levels and
 reduce our revenues.

 General
 economic weakness and geopolitical factors may harm our
 operating results and financial condition.

 Our results of operations are, and the results of operations of
 the combined company after the proposed merger with Agere will
 be, dependent to a large extent upon the global economy.
 Geopolitical factors such as terrorist activities, armed
 conflict or global health conditions that adversely affect the
 global economy may adversely affect our operating results and
 financial condition.

 We are
 dependent upon a limited number of customers.

 A limited number of customers will account for a substantial
 portion of our revenues. For LSI’s most recent fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2006, International Business Machines
 Corporation and Seagate Technology represented approximately 19%
 and 12%, respectively, of LSI’s consolidated revenues. If
 any of our key customers were to decide to significantly reduce
 or cancel its existing business, our operating results and
 financial condition could be adversely affected. Because many of
 our products have long product design and development cycles, it
 may be difficult for us to replace key customers who reduce or
 cancel existing business. In addition, we may not win new
 product designs from major existing customers, major customers
 may make significant changes in scheduled deliveries, or there
 may be declines in the prices of products sold to these
 customers, and our business may be adversely affected if any of
 these events were to occur.

 We
 depend upon independent foundry subcontractors to manufacture
 our semiconductor products; accordingly, any failure to secure
 and maintain sufficient foundry capacity could materially and
 adversely affect our business.

 Since selling our Gresham, Oregon semiconductor manufacturing
 facility in May 2006, we have relied entirely on independent
 foundry subcontractors to manufacture our semiconductor
 products. Because we rely on third party manufacturing
 relationships, we face the following risks:

 • 

 a manufacturer may be unwilling to devote adequate capacity to
 production of our products or may be unable to produce our
 products;

 20

Table of Contents

 • 

 a manufacturer may not be able to develop manufacturing methods
 appropriate for our products;

 • 

 manufacturing costs may be higher than planned;

 • 

 product reliability may decline;

 • 

 a manufacturer may not be able to maintain continuing
 relationships with our suppliers; and

 • 

 we may have reduced control over delivery schedules, quality,
 manufacturing yields and costs of products.

 If any of these risks were to be realized, we could experience
 an interruption in supply or an increase in costs, which could
 adversely affect our results of operations.

 The ability of an independent foundry subcontractor to provide
 us with semiconductor devices is limited by its available
 capacity and existing obligations. Availability of foundry
 capacity has in the recent past been reduced from time to time
 due to strong demand. Although we have entered into contractual
 commitments to supply specified levels of products to some of
 our customers, other than a wafer supply agreement we have with
 ON Semiconductor, we do not have long-term volume purchase
 agreements or significant guaranteed level of production
 capacity with any of our third-party foundry suppliers. Foundry
 capacity may not be available when needed at reasonable prices.
 We place orders on the basis of our customers’ purchase
 orders or our forecast of customer demand, and the foundries can
 allocate capacity to the production of other companies’
 products and reduce deliveries to us on short notice. It is
 possible that other foundry customers that are larger and better
 financed than us, or that have long-term agreements with the
 foundry suppliers, may induce foundries to reallocate capacity
 to them. This reallocation could impair our ability to secure
 the supply of components that we need. Also, our foundry
 suppliers migrate capacity to newer,
 state-of-the-art
 manufacturing processes on a regular basis, which may create
 capacity shortages for products designed to be manufactured on
 older processes. In addition, the occurrence of a public health
 emergency or natural disaster could further affect the
 production capabilities of our manufacturers by resulting in
 quarantines or closures. If any of our foundry suppliers
 experiences a shortage in capacity, suffers any damage to its
 facilities due to earthquakes or other natural disasters,
 experiences power outages, encounters financial difficulties or
 experiences any other disruption of foundry capacity, we may
 need to qualify an alternative foundry supplier, which may
 require several months. As a result of all of these factors and
 risks, we can not provide any assurances that any foundries will
 be able to produce integrated circuits with acceptable
 manufacturing yields, or that foundries will be able to deliver
 enough semiconductor devices to us on a timely basis, or at
 reasonable prices.

 We
 operate in intensely competitive markets.

 Each of LSI and Agere derive significant revenue from the sale
 of integrated circuits, and LSI also operates in the Storage
 Systems segment. These industry segments are intensely
 competitive and competition is expected to increase as existing
 competitors enhance their product offerings and as new
 participants enter the market. The competitors of LSI and Agere
 include many large domestic and foreign companies that have
 substantially greater financial, technical and management
 resources than LSI or Agere. Several major diversified
 electronics companies offer custom solutions
 and/or other
 standard products that are competitive with the products of LSI
 and Agere. Other competitors are specialized, rapidly growing
 companies that sell products into the same markets that LSI or
 Agere target or that the combined company will target. Some of
 our customers may also design and manufacture products that will
 compete with our products. We can not provide any assurances
 that the price and performance of our products will be superior
 relative to the products of our competitors.

 Increased competition may negatively affect our pricing, margins
 and revenues. For example, competitors with greater financial
 resources may be able to offer lower prices than us, or they may
 offer additional products, services or other incentives that we
 may not be able to match. Competitors may be in a stronger
 position than us to respond quickly to new technologies and may
 be able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns. They
 may also make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative
 relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase
 their ability to gain market share. In addition, competitors may
 sell commercial quantities of products before we do so,
 establishing market share and creating a market position that we
 may not be able to overcome once we introduce similar products
 in commercial quantities.

 21

Table of Contents

 Our
 target markets are characterized by rapid technological
 change.

 The industry segments in which we currently operate, and in
 which the combined company will operate, are characterized by
 rapid technological change, changes in customer requirements,
 limited ability to accurately forecast future customer orders,
 frequent new product introductions and enhancements, short
 product cycles and evolving industry standards. We believe that
 our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to
 improve on existing technologies and to develop and implement
 new ones, as well as upon our ability to adopt and implement
 emerging industry standards in a timely manner and to adapt
 products and processes to technological changes. If we are not
 able to successfully implement new process technologies or to
 achieve volume production of new products at acceptable yields,
 our operating results and financial condition may be adversely
 affected. In addition, if we fail to make sufficient investments
 in research and development programs in order to develop new and
 enhanced products and technologies, or if we focus on
 technologies that do not become widely adopted, new technologies
 could render our current and planned products obsolete,
 resulting in the need to change the focus of our research and
 development and product strategies and disrupting our business
 significantly.

 In addition, the emergence of markets for integrated circuits
 may be affected by factors beyond our control. In particular,
 products are designed to conform to current specific industry
 standards. Our customers may not adopt or continue to follow
 these standards, which would make our products less desirable to
 customers, and could negatively affect sales. Also, competing
 standards may emerge that are preferred by our customers, which
 could reduce sales and require us to make significant
 expenditures to develop new products. To the extent that we are
 not able to effectively and expeditiously adapt to new
 standards, our business may be negatively affected.

 Order
 or shipment cancellations or deferrals could cause our revenue
 to decline or fluctuate.

 We sell, and expect to continue to sell, a significant amount of
 products pursuant to purchase orders that customers may cancel
 or defer on short notice without incurring a significant
 penalty. Cancellations or deferrals could cause us to hold
 excess inventory, which could adversely affect our results of
 operations. If a customer cancels or defers product shipments or
 refuses to accept shipped products, we may incur unanticipated
 reductions or delays in revenue. If a customer does not pay for
 products in a timely manner, we could incur significant charges
 against income, which could materially and adversely affect our
 results of operations.

 We
 design and develop highly complex products that require
 significant investments.

 Our products are highly complex and significant time and expense
 are expected to be associated with the design, development and
 manufacture of our products. We expect to incur substantial
 research and development costs to confirm the technical
 feasibility and commercial viability of our products, which in
 the end may not be successful.

 Our
 products may contain defects.

 Our products may contain undetected defects, errors or failures.
 These products can only be fully tested when deployed in
 commercial applications and other equipment. Consequently,
 customers may discover errors after the products have been
 deployed. The occurrence of any defects, errors or failures
 could result in:

 • 

 cancellation of orders;

 • 

 product returns, repairs or replacements;

 • 

 diversion of our resources;

 • 

 legal actions by customers or customers’ end users;

 • 

 increased insurance costs; and

 • 

 other losses to us or to customers or end users.

 Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of or
 delay in market acceptance of products and loss of sales, which
 could negatively affect our business and results of operations.
 As our products become even more complex in the future, this
 risk may intensify over time and may result in increased
 expenses.

 22

Table of Contents

 Our
 manufacturing facilities have high fixed costs and involve
 highly complex and precise processes.

 LSI has a storage systems manufacturing facility in Wichita,
 Kansas. If our proposed merger with Agere is completed, we will
 acquire Agere’s assembly and test facilities and its 51%
 equity interest in Silicon Manufacturing Partners, a fabrication
 facility joint venture with Chartered Semiconductor
 Manufacturing Ltd. Operations at any of these facilities may be
 disrupted for reasons beyond our control, including work
 stoppages, supply shortages, fire, earthquake, tornado, floods
 or other natural disasters, any of which could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
 position. In addition, if we do not experience adequate
 utilization of, or adequate yields at, our manufacturing
 facilities, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
 We confront challenges in the manufacturing process that require
 us to: maintain a competitive manufacturing cost structure;
 exercise stringent quality control measures to obtain high
 yields; effectively manage subcontractors engaged in the wafer
 fabrication, test and assembly of products; and update equipment
 and facilities as required for leading edge production
 capabilities.

 The manufacture of our products involves highly complex and
 precise processes, requiring production in a clean and tightly
 controlled environment. In addition, the manufacture of
 integrated circuits is a highly complex and technologically
 demanding process. Although we work closely with our foundry
 suppliers to minimize the likelihood of reduced manufacturing
 yields, such foundries have, from time to time, experienced
 lower than anticipated manufacturing yields. This often occurs
 during the production of new products or the installation and
 start-up of
 new process technologies. Poor yields from our foundry suppliers
 could result in product shortages or delays in product
 shipments, which could seriously harm relationships with our
 customers and materially and adversely affect our business and
 results of operations.

 Failure
 to qualify our products or our suppliers’ manufacturing
 lines may adversely affect our results of
 operations.

 Some customers will not purchase any products, other than
 limited numbers of evaluation units, until they qualify the
 manufacturing line for the product. We may not always be able to
 satisfy the qualification requirements of these customers.
 Delays in qualification may cause a customer to discontinue use
 of non-qualified products and result in a significant loss of
 revenue.

 We
 depend upon third-party subcontractors to assemble, obtain
 packaging materials for, and test certain
 products.

 Third-party subcontractors located in Asia assemble, obtain
 packaging materials for, and test certain products of LSI.
 Although Agere owns and operates its own semiconductor assembly
 and test facilities, even if the proposed merger with Agere is
 consummated, the combined company will continue to depend upon
 third-party subcontractors to assemble and test some of the
 combined company’s semiconductor products or to perform
 other services for the combined company. To the extent that we
 rely upon third-party subcontractors to perform these functions,
 we will not be able to control directly product delivery
 schedules and quality assurance. This lack of control may result
 in product shortages or quality assurance problems that could
 delay shipments of products or increase manufacturing, assembly,
 testing or other costs. In addition, if these third-party
 subcontractors are unable to obtain sufficient packaging
 materials for products in a timely manner, we may experience
 product shortages or delays in product shipments, which could
 materially and adversely affect customer relationships and
 results of operations. If any of these subcontractors
 experiences capacity constraints or financial difficulties,
 suffers any damage to its facilities, experiences power outages
 or any other disruption of assembly or testing capacity, we may
 not be able to obtain alternative assembly and testing services
 in a timely manner. Due to the amount of time that it usually
 takes to qualify assemblers and testers, we could experience
 significant delays in product shipments if we are required to
 find alternative assemblers or testers for such components.

 A
 widespread outbreak of an illness or other health issue could
 negatively affect our manufacturing, assembly and test, design
 or other operations.

 A widespread outbreak of an illness such as avian influenza, or
 bird flu, or severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, could
 adversely affect our operations as well as demand from
 customers. A number of countries in the

 23

Table of Contents

 Asia/Pacific region have experienced outbreaks of bird flu
 and/or SARS.
 As a result of such an outbreak, businesses can be shut down
 temporarily and individuals can become ill or quarantined. After
 the proposed merger with Agere, we will have operations in
 Singapore, Thailand and China, countries where outbreaks of bird
 flu 
and/or
 SARS have occurred. If operations are curtailed because of
 health issues, we may need to seek alternate sources of supply
 for manufacturing or other services and alternate sources can be
 more expensive. Alternate sources may not be available or may
 result in delays in shipments to customers, which would affect
 results of operations. In addition, a curtailment of design
 operations could result in delays in the development of new
 products. If customers’ businesses are affected by health
 issues, they might delay or reduce purchases, which could
 adversely affect results of operations.

 We
 procure parts and raw materials from a limited number of
 domestic and foreign sources.

 We do not maintain an extensive inventory of parts and materials
 for manufacturing storage systems at our Wichita, Kansas
 facility. We purchase, and expect that we will continue to
 purchase, a portion of our requirements for parts and raw
 materials from a limited number of sources, primarily from
 suppliers in Japan and their U.S. subsidiaries, and obtain
 other material inputs on a local basis. If we have difficulty in
 obtaining parts or materials in the future from our existing
 suppliers, alternative suppliers may not be available, or
 suppliers may not provide parts and materials in a timely manner
 or on favorable terms. As a result, we may be adversely affected
 by delays in product shipments. If we cannot obtain adequate
 materials for manufacture of our products, or if such materials
 are not available at reasonable prices, there could be a
 material adverse impact on our operating results and financial
 condition.

 If our
 new product development and expansion efforts are not
 successful, our results of operations may be adversely
 affected.

 LSI is currently developing, and we expect that we will continue
 to develop, products in new areas and we may seek to expand into
 additional areas in the future. Our efforts to develop products
 and expand into new areas may not result in sales that are
 sufficient to recoup our investment, and we may experience
 higher costs than anticipated. For example, we may not be able
 to manufacture products at a competitive cost, we may need to
 rely on new suppliers or we may find that our development
 efforts are more costly or time consuming than anticipated.
 Development of new products often requires long-term forecasting
 of market trends, development and implementation of new or
 changing technologies and a substantial capital commitment.
 There can be no assurance that any products that we select for
 investment of our financial and engineering resources will be
 developed or acquired in a timely manner or will enjoy market
 acceptance. In addition, our products may support protocols that
 are not widely adopted and we may have difficulties entering
 markets where competitors have strong market positions.

 We may
 engage in acquisitions and alliances giving rise to financial
 and technological risks.

 We may explore strategic acquisitions that build upon or expand
 our library of intellectual property, human capital and
 engineering talent, and increase our ability to fully address
 the needs of our customers. For example, in addition to the
 proposed merger with Agere, in November 2006 we acquired
 StoreAge Networking Technologies Ltd., a privately held software
 company based in Nesher, Israel, for approximately
 $50 million in cash. Also in November 2006, we acquired
 Metta Technology, a privately held company based in Pune, India
 that develops multimedia
 system-on-chip
 technology and related software for consumer electronics
 products. In February 2007, we entered into an agreement to
 acquire SiliconStor, a privately held company that provides
 silicon solutions for enterprise storage networks. SiliconStor
 is headquartered in Fremont, California and has approximately 30
 employees. At the closing of the acquisition, we expect to pay
 approximately $55 million in cash for SiliconStor. The
 closing of the acquisition is subject to the satisfaction of
 customary closing conditions and is expected to occur in the
 first quarter of 2007. Mergers and acquisitions of
 high-technology companies bear inherent risks. No assurance can
 be given that our previous acquisitions or future acquisitions
 will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our
 business, operating results or financial condition. Failure to
 manage growth effectively or to integrate acquisitions could
 adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
 In addition, we may make investments in companies, products and
 technologies through strategic alliances and otherwise.
 Investment

 24

Table of Contents

 activities often involve risks, including the need for timely
 access to needed capital for investments and to invest in
 companies and technologies that will contribute to the growth of
 our business.

 The
 semiconductor industry is prone to intellectual property
 litigation.

 As is typical in the semiconductor industry, we are frequently
 involved in disputes regarding patent and other intellectual
 property rights. We have in the past received, and we may in the
 future receive, communications from third parties asserting that
 certain of our products, processes or technologies infringe upon
 their patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights or other
 intellectual property rights, and we may also receive claims of
 potential infringement if we attempt to license intellectual
 property to others. Defending these claims may be costly and
 time consuming, and may divert the attention of management and
 key personnel from other business issues. Claims of intellectual
 property infringement also might require us to enter into costly
 royalty or license agreements. We may not be able to obtain
 royalty or license agreements on acceptable terms. Resolution of
 whether any of our products or intellectual property has
 infringed upon valid rights held by others could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
 position and may require material changes in production
 processes and products.

 We may
 not be able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual
 property rights, which could harm our competitive
 position.

 Our success and future revenue growth will depend, in part, upon
 our ability to protect our intellectual property. We will
 primarily rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret
 laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to
 protect our proprietary technologies and processes. It is
 possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties
 may obtain, copy, use or disclose proprietary technologies and
 processes, despite our efforts to protect our proprietary
 technologies and processes. While we hold a significant number
 of patents, there can be no assurances that any additional
 patents will be issued. Even if new patents are issued, the
 claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to protect our
 technology. In addition, any of LSI or Agere’s existing
 patents, and any future patents issued to us, may be challenged,
 invalidated or circumvented. As such, any rights granted under
 these patents may not provide us with meaningful protection. LSI
 and Agere may not have, and in the future we may not have,
 foreign patents or pending applications corresponding to its
 U.S. patents and applications. Even if foreign patents are
 granted, effective enforcement in foreign countries may not be
 available. If our patents do not adequately protect our
 technology, competitors may be able to offer products similar to
 our products. Our competitors may also be able to develop
 similar technology independently or design around our patents.
 Some or all of LSI’s and Agere’s patents have in the
 past been licensed and likely will in the future be licensed to
 certain of our competitors through cross-license agreements.

 A
 decline in the revenue that we expect to derive from the
 licensing of intellectual property could have a significant
 impact on net income.

 Agere currently generates significant revenue from, and if we
 complete the proposed merger with Agere, we expect to generate
 revenue from, the licensing of intellectual property. The
 revenue generated from the licensing of Agere’s
 intellectual property has a high gross margin compared to the
 revenue generated from the sale of other products currently sold
 by Agere, and a decline in this licensing revenue could have a
 significant impact on the profitability of the combined company.
 The combined company’s licensing revenue is expected to
 come from a limited number of transactions and the failure to
 complete one or more transactions in a quarter could have a
 material adverse impact on revenue and profitability.

 We
 conduct a significant amount of activity outside of the United
 States, and are exposed to legal, business, political and
 economic risks associated with our international
 operations.

 We derive, and it is expected that we will continue to derive, a
 substantial portion of our revenue from sales of products
 shipped to locations outside of the United States. In addition,
 we manufacture, and it is expected that we will continue to
 manufacture, a significant portion of our products outside of
 the United States and we are dependent upon
 non-U.S. suppliers
 for many parts and services. We may also pursue growth
 opportunities in sales, design and

 25

Table of Contents

 manufacturing outside of the United States. Operations outside
 of the United States are subject to a number of risks and
 potential costs that could adversely affect our revenue and
 results of operations, including:

 • 

 political, social and economic instability;

 • 

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

 • 

 exposure to different legal standards, particularly with respect
 to intellectual property;

 • 

 natural disasters and public health emergencies;

 • 

 nationalization of businesses and blocking of cash flows;

 • 

 trade and travel restrictions;

 • 

 imposition of governmental controls and restrictions;

 • 

 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws;

 • 

 import and export license requirements and restrictions;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

 • 

 foreign technical standards;

 • 

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

 • 

 international trade disputes;

 • 

 difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities or
 delayed revenue recognition; and

 • 

 potentially adverse tax consequences.

 We may
 rely on the capital markets
 and/or bank
 markets to provide financing.

 We may rely on the capital markets
 and/or bank
 markets to provide financing for strategic acquisitions, capital
 expenditures and other general corporate needs. As of
 December 31, 2006, LSI had approximately $350 million
 of convertible notes outstanding. We may need to seek additional
 equity financing or debt financing from time to time.
 Historically, we have been able to access the capital markets
 and the bank markets when deemed appropriate, but we may not be
 able to access these markets in the future on acceptable terms.
 The availability of capital in these markets may be affected by
 several factors, including geopolitical risk, the interest rate
 environment and the condition of the economy as a whole.
 Moreover, any future equity or equity-linked financing may
 dilute the equity ownership of existing shareholders. In
 addition, our operating performance, capital structure and
 expected future performance will affect our ability to raise
 capital. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents,
 short-term investments and expected future cash from operations
 will be sufficient to fund our needs in the foreseeable future.

 We
 utilize indirect channels of distribution over which we will
 have limited control.

 Financial results could be adversely affected if our
 relationships with resellers or distributors were to deteriorate
 or if the financial condition of these resellers or distributors
 were to decline. In addition, as our business grows, there may
 be an increased reliance on indirect channels of distribution.
 There can be no assurance that we will be successful in
 maintaining or expanding these indirect channels of
 distribution. This could result in the loss of certain sales
 opportunities. Furthermore, the partial reliance on indirect
 channels of distribution may reduce visibility with respect to
 future business, thereby making it more difficult to accurately
 forecast orders.

 We may
 not be able to collect all of our accounts receivable from
 customers.

 A majority of our trade receivables have been, and it is
 expected that a majority of our trade receivables will continue
 to be, derived from sales of products to large multinational
 computer, communication, networking, storage and consumer
 electronics manufacturers. We can not provide any assurances
 that our accounts receivable balances will be paid on time or at
 all.

 26

Table of Contents

 The
 price of our securities may be subject to wide
 fluctuations.

 Our stock has experienced substantial price volatility,
 particularly as a result of quarterly variations in results, the
 published expectations of analysts and announcements by us and
 our competitors, and our stock is likely to be subject to
 similar volatility in the future. Many of the markets from which
 we expect to derive a substantial portion of our revenues are
 highly cyclical, and we may experience declines in our revenue
 that are primarily related to industry conditions in general and
 not to our business or prospects. In addition, the stock market
 has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected
 the market price of many technology companies and that have
 often been unrelated to the operating performance of such
 companies. The price of our securities may also be affected by
 general global, economic and market conditions. While we cannot
 predict the individual effect that these and other factors may
 have on the price of the our securities in the future, these
 factors, either individually or in the aggregate, could result
 in significant variations in our stock price during any given
 period of time. Fluctuations in our stock price may also affect
 the price of outstanding convertible securities of Agere and
 LSI, and the likelihood of the convertible securities being
 converted into cash or equity. If our stock price is below the
 conversion price of the Agere or LSI convertible notes on the
 date of maturity, they may not convert into equity and we may be
 required to redeem the outstanding convertible securities for
 cash. However, in the event they do not convert into equity, we
 believe that our cash position and expected future operating
 cash flows will be adequate to meet these obligations as they
 mature.

 In the past, securities class action litigation often has been
 brought against a company following periods of volatility in the
 market price of its securities. Companies in technology
 industries are particularly vulnerable to this kind of
 litigation due to the high volatility of their stock prices.
 Accordingly, we may in the future be the target of securities
 litigation. Any securities litigation could result in
 substantial costs and could divert the attention and resources
 of our management.

 Future
 changes in financial accounting standards or practices or
 existing taxation rules or practices may cause adverse
 unexpected fluctuations and affect reported results of
 operations.

 Financial accounting standards in the United States are
 constantly under review and may be changed from time to time. We
 would be required to apply these changes if adopted. Once
 implemented, these changes could result in material fluctuations
 in our results of operations
 and/or the
 way in which such results of operations are reported. For
 example, on January 1, 2006, we adopted

SFAS 123-R.
 In accordance with the modified prospective transition method,
 we began recognizing compensation expense for all share-based
 awards granted on or after January 1, 2006, plus unvested
 awards granted prior to January 1, 2006. The adoption of

SFAS 123-R
 had a significant impact on our operating results as share-based
 compensation expense is charged directly against reported
 earnings. Numerous judgments and estimates are involved in the
 calculation of this expense and changes to those estimates or
 different judgments could have a significant effect on our
 reported earnings.

 Similarly, we are subject to taxation in the United States and a
 number of foreign jurisdictions. Rates of taxation, definitions
 of income, exclusions from income, and other tax policies are
 subject to change over time. Changes in tax laws in a
 jurisdiction in which we have reporting obligations could have a
 material impact on our results of operations.

 We
 face uncertainties related to the effectiveness of internal
 controls.

 Public companies in the United States are required to review
 their internal controls over financial reporting under
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. It should be
 noted that any system of controls, however well designed and
 operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute,
 assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In
 addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon
 certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events.
 Because of these and other inherent limitations of control
 systems, there can be no assurance that any design will achieve
 its stated goal under all potential future conditions,
 regardless of how remote.

 Although our management has determined, and our independent
 registered public accounting firm has attested, that our
 internal controls were effective as of the end of our most
 recent fiscal year, there can be no assurance that our internal
 control systems and procedures, or the integration of LSI and
 Agere and their respective internal control systems and
 procedures, will not result in or lead to a future material
 weakness in our internal

 27

Table of Contents

 controls, or that we or our independent registered public
 accounting firm will not identify a material weakness in our
 internal controls in the future. A material weakness in internal
 controls over financial reporting would require management and
 our independent public accounting firm to evaluate our internal
 controls as ineffective. If internal controls over financial
 reporting are not considered adequate, we may experience a loss
 of public confidence, which could have an adverse effect on our
 business and stock price.

 Internal
 control deficiencies or weaknesses that are not yet identified
 could emerge.

 Over time we may identify and correct deficiencies or weaknesses
 in our internal controls and, where and when appropriate, report
 on the identification and correction of these deficiencies or
 weaknesses. However, the internal control procedures can provide
 only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that deficiencies
 or weaknesses are identified. Deficiencies or weaknesses that
 are not yet identified by us could emerge and the identification
 and correction of these deficiencies or weaknesses could have a
 material impact on our results of operations.