Set forth below are risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially adversely affect our business or could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated
by the forward-looking statements in this report and other public statements we make. 

8 

Table of Contents

We depend on a small number of customers. The loss of, or a significant reduction in
revenue from, any of these customers would harm our results of operations. 

A limited number of customers account for a
substantial portion of our revenues. In 2011, Seagate, our largest customer, represented approximately 25.0% of our total revenue, and our 10 largest customers accounted for approximately 61.9% of our revenue. We typically do not have contracts with
our major customers that obligate them to purchase any minimum amount of products from us. Sales to these customers are made pursuant to purchase orders, which typically can be canceled or modified up to a specified point in time, which may be after
we have incurred significant costs related to the sale. If any of our key customers reduced significantly or canceled its orders, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Because many of our semiconductor products are designed
for specific customers and have long product design and development cycles, it would be difficult for us to replace revenues from key customers that reduce or cancel their existing orders for these products which may happen if they experience lower
than anticipated demand or cancel a program. 

In addition, if we fail to win new product designs from our major customers, our
business and results of operations may be harmed. Further, if our major customers make significant changes in scheduled deliveries, experience disruptions in their operations as a result of weather or natural disasters, or for any other reason,
decide to pursue the internal development of the products we sell to them, or are acquired, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, business combinations involving our customers or competitors of our customers
could have a positive or negative impact on our business. 

Recently, the hard disk drive industry has been experiencing
consolidation, as Seagate has acquired Samsung’s storage operations and Western Digital is seeking to acquire Hitachi’s storage operations. Although this consolidation may open new opportunities for us, it may also increase our dependence
on Seagate as a customer. In addition, it may result in fewer design opportunities, and a corresponding increase in the significance of winning or losing any one design, as the number of potential customers decreases. 

We operate in intensely competitive markets, and our failure to compete effectively would harm our results of operations.

We derive revenue from the sale of semiconductor products. The semiconductor industry is intensely competitive, and
competition continues to increase as existing competitors enhance their product offerings and as new participants enter the market. Our competitors include large domestic and foreign companies that have substantially greater financial, technical and
management resources than us. Several major diversified electronics companies offer products that compete with our products. Other competitors are specialized, rapidly growing companies that sell products into the same markets that we target. Some
of our customers may also design and manufacture products internally that compete with our products. We cannot provide any assurances that the price and performance of our products will be superior relative to the products of our competitors or will
be sufficient to obtain business. 

In addition, our products often have a limited life before they are replaced by products
utilizing newer technology. Because we do not have multi-generation contracts with most of our customers, we must win the business of our customers for each new generation of a product. If we are unable to do so, whether because we are unable to
develop a next generation product rapidly enough, because our product is not priced competitively or for any other reason, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Increased competition may harm our revenues and margins. For example, competitors with greater financial resources may be able to offer
lower prices than ours, or they may offer additional products, services or other incentives that we may not be able to match. Competitors may be better able than us to respond quickly to new technologies and may undertake more extensive marketing
campaigns than we do. They may also make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase their market share. In addition, competitors may sell commercial quantities of new products
before we do, establishing a market position that we may not be able to overcome once we introduce similar products in commercial quantities. If we are unable to develop and market competitive products on a timely basis, we will likely fail to
maintain or expand our market share and our revenues will likely decline. 

9 

Table of Contents

Customer orders and ordering patterns can change quickly, making it difficult for us
to predict our revenues and making it possible that our actual revenues may vary materially from our expectations, which could harm our results of operations and stock price. 

We sell a significant amount of our products pursuant to purchase orders that customers may cancel or defer on short notice without
incurring a significant penalty. In addition, the period of time between order and product shipment can be very short. If customers reduce the rate at which they place new orders, whether because of changing market conditions for their products or
other reasons, or if they cancel or defer previously placed orders, the impact on our revenue can occur quickly and could cause us to experience revenues that are lower than we may have indicated in any public forecast of our future revenue. For
example, as economic conditions deteriorated in the fourth quarter of 2008, our sales declined below the expectations we had publicly announced earlier that quarter because our customers’ orders declined to a level below that which we had
anticipated. Reductions in new order rates as well as cancellations or deferrals of existing orders could also cause us to hold excess inventory. Further, a significant portion of our costs are fixed and we may be unable to reduce those costs
proportionately. Each of these events could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We depend on outside suppliers
to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; accordingly, any failure to secure and maintain sufficient manufacturing capacity at attractive prices or to maintain the quality of our products could harm our business and results of
operations. 

We depend on third-party foundries to manufacture integrated circuits for us and on outside suppliers to
assemble and test our semiconductor products and to assemble our board-level products. As such, we face the following risks: 

•

 a supplier may be unwilling or unable to devote adequate capacity to the production of our products or may be unable to produce our products;

•

 a supplier may fail to develop, or may discontinue, manufacturing methods or technologies necessary for our products; 

•

 manufacturing costs may be higher than planned; 

•

 product reliability may not be acceptable; 

•

 a manufacturer may not be able to maintain continuing relationships with its suppliers of raw materials; and 

•

 we may have reduced control over delivery schedules, quality, manufacturing yields and costs of products. 

The ability of an independent foundry to provide us with integrated circuits is limited by its available capacity and existing
obligations. We generally do not enter into contracts to reserve foundry capacity. Availability of foundry capacity has in the past been reduced from time to time due to strong demand and may not be available when needed at reasonable prices. If
foundry capacity is limited, it is possible that one of our foundries may allocate capacity to the production of other companies’ products, including those of our competitors. This reallocation could impair our ability to obtain sufficient
wafers. If we experience demand for our products that we are not able to meet, we would miss opportunities for additional revenue and could experience a negative impact on our relationships with affected customers. We may also use a second foundry
for a particular product when capacity at the main foundry is limited or unavailable, but the cost of integrated circuits at the second foundry may be higher, which would reduce our margins. In addition, only a limited number of foundries provide
manufacturing services using the advanced technologies that we require to provide leading edge products. Because of the limited competition among large third-party foundries, it is possible that our foundry partners for products requiring these
technologies will price their services at levels that have an adverse impact on our gross margins or make it unprofitable for us to offer these products. This limited competition among foundries may also make it more difficult for us to use a second
foundry for a product when we believe that doing so would be advantageous. 

10 

Table of Contents

By relying on outside suppliers to manufacture, assemble and test our products, we may have
a reduced ability to control directly product delivery schedules and quality assurance. This lack of control may result in product shortages or quality assurance problems that could delay shipments of products or increase manufacturing, assembly,
testing or other costs. In addition, if these outside suppliers are unable to obtain sufficient raw materials in a timely manner, we may experience product shortages or delays in product shipments, which could harm our customer relationships and
results of operations. 

If any of our manufacturing suppliers experiences capacity constraints, encounters financial
difficulties, or experiences any other major disruption of its operations, we may need to qualify an alternate supplier, which may take an extended period of time and could result in delays in product shipments. These delays could cause our
customers to seek alternate semiconductor companies to provide them with products previously purchased from LSI, which could adversely impact our business. 

As a result of all of these factors and risks, and although we carefully monitor and plan for capacity and other issues, we cannot provide any assurances that we can obtain sufficient quantities of
products from our suppliers on a timely basis or at reasonable prices. 

Failure to qualify our semiconductor products or
our suppliers’ manufacturing lines with key customers could harm our business and results of operations. 

Some
customers will not purchase any products, other than limited numbers of evaluation units, until they qualify the products and/or the manufacturing line for the product. We may not always be able to satisfy the qualification requirements of these
customers. Delays in qualification may cause a customer to discontinue use of non-qualified products and result in a significant loss of revenue. 

If we fail to keep pace with technological advances, or if we pursue technologies that do not become commercially accepted, customers may not buy our products and our results of operations may be
harmed. 

Many of the industry segments in which we operate are characterized by rapid technological change, changes in
customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, short product cycles and evolving industry standards. We believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to improve on existing technologies and to
develop and implement new technologies. For example, semiconductor products transition over time to increasingly smaller line width geometries. This requires us to adapt our products and manufacturing processes to these new technologies, which
requires expertise in new procedures. Our failure to successfully transition to smaller geometry process technologies could impair our competitive position. Our success will also depend on our ability to adopt and implement emerging industry
standards in a timely manner and to adapt products and processes to technological changes based on these standards. For example, the SAS standard used to connect computers and servers to storage devices has advanced over the years to support faster
speeds. As a result, our products in this area have a limited life span before they are superseded by products supporting faster speeds, which we must develop and market in a timely fashion. If we fail to develop new and enhanced products and
technologies, if we focus on technologies that do not become widely adopted, or if new technologies that we do not support and that compete with technologies we do support become widely accepted, demand for our current and planned products may be
reduced. For example, if tablet computing, which involves the use of flash memory rather than hard disks to store data, becomes significantly more popular, it could have a negative impact on demand for hard drives. 

In addition, the evolution of standards for integrated circuits may be affected by factors beyond our control. For example, we design some
products to conform to current specific industry standards. Our customers may not adopt or continue to follow the standards that we have chosen, which would make our products less desirable to customers, and could negatively affect sales. Also,
competing standards may emerge that are preferred by our customers, which could reduce sales and require us to make significant expenditures to develop new products. To the extent that we are not able to adapt effectively and expeditiously to new
standards, our business may be harmed. 

11 

Table of Contents

Any defects in our products could harm our reputation, customer relationships and
results of operations. 

Our products may contain undetected defects, errors or failures, which may not become apparent
until the products are deployed in commercial applications and other equipment. Consequently, customers may discover errors after the products have been deployed. The occurrence of any defects, errors or failures could result in: 

•

 cancellation of orders; 

•

 product returns, repairs or replacements; 

•

 monetary or other accommodations to our customers; 

•

 diversion of our resources; 

•

 legal actions by customers or customers’ end users; 

•

 increased insurance costs; and 

•

 other losses to us or to customers or end users. 

Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of or delay in market acceptance of products and loss of sales, which could negatively affect our business and results of operations. As our products
become even more complex in the future, this risk may intensify over time and may result in increased expenses. 

Our
pension plans are underfunded, and may require significant future contributions, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

We have defined benefit pension plans under which we are obligated to make future payments to participants. These plans are primarily for the benefit of former Agere employees. Benefit accruals under the
Agere plans were frozen in 2009. At December 31, 2011, our projected benefit obligations under our pension plans exceeded the value of the assets of those plans by approximately $595.8 million. U.S. law provides that we must make
contributions to the pension plans in 2012 of at least $94.4 million. We expect to be required to make additional contributions to the plans in future years. We may also choose to make additional, voluntary contributions to the plans. Depending
on our cash position at the time, contributions to our pension plans could impact our operating flexibility. 

We may be
subject to intellectual property infringement claims and litigation, which could cause us to incur significant expenses or prevent us from selling our products. 

As is typical in the semiconductor industry, we are frequently involved in disputes regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. We have in the past received, and we may in the future receive,
communications from third parties asserting that our products, processes or technologies infringe on the patent or other intellectual property rights of third parties, and we may also receive claims of potential infringement if we attempt to license
intellectual property to others. Intellectual property litigation, regardless of the outcome, may be costly and time consuming, and may divert the attention of management and key personnel from other business issues. Claims of intellectual property
infringement also might require us to enter into costly royalty or license agreements. We may not be able to obtain royalty or license agreements on acceptable terms. Further, our products or our customers’ products may be restricted from being
sold in the United States or another jurisdiction. For example, as described in Note 16 to our financial statements in Item 8, Rambus has sued us and is seeking an exclusionary order that if granted would preclude us and our customers from
selling certain products in the United States. If any of our products or intellectual property infringes on valid rights held by others, our results of operations or financial position may suffer and we may have to make material changes in
production processes or products. 

If we are unable to protect or assert our intellectual property rights, our business
and results of operations may be harmed. 

Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to protect and
assert our intellectual property rights. We rely primarily on patent and other intellectual property laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other 

12 

Table of Contents

methods, to protect our proprietary technologies and processes. It is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose proprietary technologies and
processes, despite our efforts to protect them. 

While we hold a significant number of patents, we can give you no assurance
that any additional patents will be issued. Even if new patents are issued, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, any of our existing patents, and any future patents issued to us, may be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented, or changes in law may result in us having less protection than we may have experienced historically. As such, any rights granted under these patents may not provide us with meaningful protection. We may not have foreign
patents or pending applications corresponding to our U.S. patents and applications. Even if foreign patents are granted, effective enforcement in foreign countries may not be available. 

If our patents do not adequately protect our technology, competitors may be able to offer products similar to our products more easily.
Our competitors may also be able to develop similar technology independently or design around our patents. Some or all of our patents have in the past been licensed and likely will in the future be licensed to certain of our competitors through
cross-license agreements. 

Increases in the price of commodities used in the production of our products or lack of
availability of these materials could negatively impact our operating results. 

The price of some commodities used in
the production of semiconductors has been increasing. Increases in the costs of the materials used in the production of semiconductors or lack of availability of these materials may increase our costs or reduce the amount of product we are able to
sell, negatively impacting our gross margins. For example, we use gold in the production of semiconductors and the market price of gold increased significantly during 2011, adversely affecting our gross margins. We do not currently enter into
hedging transactions to manage our exposure to changes in the prices of gold or other commodities, although we may choose to do so in the future. 

We are exposed to legal, business, political and economic risks associated with our international operations. 

We derive, and we expect to continue to derive, a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of products shipped to locations outside of the United States. These products are typically incorporated
into our customers’ products, which we believe are ultimately sold to end-users around the world. In addition, we perform a significant amount of our development work outside the United States and most of our products are manufactured outside
of the United States. We are subject to a number of risks that could adversely affect our business and results of operations as a result of our operations outside of the United States, our customers’ and suppliers’ operations outside of
the United States and end-demand outside of the United States, including: 

•

 political, social and economic instability; 

•

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

•

 exposure to different legal standards, particularly with respect to intellectual property; 

•

 natural disasters, civil unrest, terrorism and public health emergencies; 

•

 nationalization of businesses and blocking of cash flows; 

•

 trade and travel restrictions; 

•

 imposition of governmental controls and restrictions; 

•

 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws; 

•

 import and export license requirements and restrictions; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

•

 foreign technical standards; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

•

 international trade disputes; 

•

 difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities or delayed revenue recognition; and 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences, including adverse impacts from changes in United States tax laws. 

Any of these factors, most of which are outside of our control, could have a negative impact on our business. For example, import/export
laws may increase the restrictions on the flow of technology across country boundaries, making it more difficult and/or costly to develop products as we may not be able to easily develop products in close proximity to our customers or using an
optimal labor pool. 

We use indirect channels of product distribution over which we have limited control.

We sell some of our products through distributors and resellers. A deterioration in our relationships with our
resellers or distributors, or a decline in their business, could harm our sales. In addition, we are seeking to increase our business through indirect channels of distribution. We may not successfully maintain or expand these indirect channels of
distribution, and our failure to do so could result in the loss of sales opportunities. Furthermore, our reliance on indirect channels of distribution may reduce visibility with respect to future business opportunities, thereby making it more
difficult to forecast orders. 

We may engage in acquisitions and strategic alliances, which may not be successful and
could harm our business and operating results. 

We expect to continue to explore strategic acquisitions that build upon
or expand our library of intellectual property, human capital and engineering talent, and that could increase our ability to address the needs of our customers. For example, we recently acquired SandForce, a provider of flash storage processors for
enterprise and client flash solutions and SSDs. Acquisitions of high-technology companies have inherent risks. No assurance can be given that our previous acquisitions or future acquisitions will be successful and will not harm our business or
operating results. For example, if we are unable to retain SandForce personnel or are unsuccessful in growing the SandForce business, we will not achieve the expected benefits of the acquisition and our financial results may be negatively impacted.
In addition, we may make investments in companies, products and technologies through strategic alliances and otherwise. If these investments are not successful, our results of operations may suffer. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate. 

We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry. This industry is characterized by wide fluctuations in product supply and
demand. In the past, the semiconductor industry has experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or in anticipation of, excess manufacturing capacity worldwide, maturing product cycles and declines in general economic conditions.
Even if demand for our products remains constant, a lower level of available foundry capacity could increase our costs, which would likely have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Our failure to attract, retain and motivate key employees could harm our business. 

In some of our fields of operation, there are only a limited number of people in the job market who possess the requisite skills. In the
past, we have experienced difficulty in identifying and hiring sufficient numbers of qualified engineers in parts of our business, as well as in retaining engineers and other qualified employees. The loss of the services of any key personnel or our
inability to hire new personnel with the requisite skills could restrict our ability to develop new products or enhance existing products in a timely manner, to sell products to our customers or to manage our business effectively. In recent years,
we have discontinued our efforts in some product areas and sought to streamline our operations, which has resulted in employee layoffs. These measures, or others that we may take in the future, may negatively impact our ability to recruit and retain
qualified personnel. 

14 

Table of Contents

Our operations and our suppliers’ operations are subject to natural disasters and
other events outside of our control that may disrupt our business and harm our operating results. 

Our operations and
those of our suppliers are subject to natural disasters and other events outside of our control that may disrupt our business and harm our operating results. During 2011, Thailand experienced flooding as a result of significant rains. A supplier in
Thailand has performed assembly and test functions for our products and that supplier’s facility was affected by flooding. Other technology companies also have facilities in Thailand that were affected by flooding. The flooding reduced our
ability to supply products for hard disks and resulted in reduced demand for these products as some customer facilities and facilities of other suppliers to our customers were affected. We also have substantial operations in parts of California that
have experienced major earthquakes and in parts of Asia that have experienced typhoons, earthquakes and various health issues. A widespread outbreak of an illness such as H1N1 flu, avian flu, or bird flu, or severe acute respiratory syndrome, or
SARS, could harm our operations and those of our suppliers as well as decrease demand from customers. 

If our operations or
those of our suppliers are curtailed because of natural disasters or health issues, our business may be disrupted and we may need to seek alternate sources of supply for manufacturing or other services. Alternate sources may not be available, may be
more expensive or may result in delays in shipments to customers, which would affect our results of operations. In addition, a curtailment of design operations could result in delays in the development of new products. If our customers’ or
suppliers’ and manufacturers’ businesses are affected by natural disasters, health issues or other events outside of our control, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 

Laws and regulations to which we are subject, as well as customer requirements in the area of environmental protection and social
responsibility, could impose substantial costs on us and may adversely affect our business. 

Our business is subject to
or may be impacted by various environmental protection and social responsibility legal and customer requirements. For example, we are subject to the European Union Directive on the Restriction of the use of certain Hazardous Substances in
Electrical & Electronic Equipment (RoHS) and the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) Regulation in the European Union. Such regulations could require us to redesign our products in order to comply
with their requirements and require the development and/or maintenance of compliance administration systems. Redesigned products could be more costly to manufacture or require more costly or less efficient raw materials. If we cannot develop
compliant products on a timely basis or properly administer our compliance programs, our revenues could decline due to lower sales. In addition, under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible, without regard to fault, for costs
relating to any contamination at our current or past facilities and at third-party waste-disposal sites. We could also be held liable for consequences arising out of human exposure to such substances or other environmental damage. 

Recently there has been increased focus on environmental protection and social responsibility initiatives. We may choose or be required to
implement various standards due to the adoption of rules or regulations that result from these initiatives, such as with respect to the use of conflict minerals, which are certain minerals that originate in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or
adjoining countries. Our customers may also require us to implement environmental or social responsibility procedures or standards before they will continue to do business with us or order new products from us. Our adoption of these procedures
or standards could be costly, and our failure to adopt these standards or procedures could result in the loss of business or fines or other costs. 

Our blank check preferred stock and Delaware law contain provisions that may inhibit potential acquisition bids, which may harm our stock price, discourage merger offers or prevent changes in our
management. 

Our board has the authority to issue preferred stock and to determine its rights, preferences, privileges
and restrictions, including voting rights, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. If we issue any of these shares of preferred stock in the future, the rights of holders of our common stock may be negatively affected. Although we
have no current plans to issue shares of preferred stock, if we were to issue preferred stock, a change of control of our company could be delayed, deferred or prevented. Furthermore, Section 203 of

15 

Table of Contents

the Delaware General Corporation Law restricts certain business combinations with any “interested stockholder” as defined by that statute. These provisions are designed to encourage
potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and give our board an opportunity to consider various alternatives to increase stockholder value. These provisions are also intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy
contests. However, the potential issuance of preferred stock or the restrictions in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control, which may
adversely affect the market price of our stock. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management or board of directors. 

Class action litigation due to stock price volatility or other factors could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and resources. 

In the past, securities class action litigation often has been brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market
price of its securities. Companies in the technology industry are particularly vulnerable to this kind of litigation due to the high volatility of their stock prices. Our stock has experienced substantial price volatility in the past. This may be a
result of quarterly variations in our results of operations, the published expectations of security analysts and announcements by us and our competitors as well as general economic conditions and our stock price may continue to experience
substantial volatility. Accordingly, we may in the future be the target of securities litigation. Any securities litigation could result in substantial costs and could divert the attention and resources of our management.