.

We are subject to a number of risks. Some of these risks are
endemic to the semiconductor industry and are the same or
similar to those disclosed in our previous SEC filings, and some
new risks may arise in the future. The reader should carefully
consider all of these risks and other information in this
Form 10-K before
investing in us. The fact that certain risks are endemic to the
high-technology industry does not lessen the significance of
these risks.

As a result of theses risks, our business, financial
conditions or results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected. This could cause the trading price of our
common stock to decline, and stockholders might lose some or all
of their investment.

Please consider these risk factors when you read
“forward-looking” statements elsewhere in this
Form 10-K and in
the documents incorporated herein by reference. Forward-looking
statements are statements that relate to our expectations for
future events and time periods. Generally, the words,
“anticipate,” “expect,” “intend”
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
the forward-looking statements.

General economic weakness and geopolitical factors may harm
our operating results and financial condition. The
semiconductor industry is cyclical in nature and is
characterized by wide fluctuations in product supply and demand.
In the past, the industry has experienced periods of rapid
expansion of production capacity followed by periods of
significant downturn. Even when the demand for our products
remains constant, the availability of additional excess
production capacity in the industry creates competitive
pressures that can degrade pricing levels, which can reduce
revenues. In addition, our results of operations are dependent
on the global economy. Any geopolitical factors such as
terrorist activities, armed conflict or global health
conditions, which adversely affect the global economy, may
adversely impact our operating results and financial condition.
In addition, goodwill and other long-lived assets could be
impacted by a decline in revenues because impairment is measured
based upon estimates of future cash flows. These estimates
include assumptions about future conditions within our company
and industry.

Our target markets are characterized by rapid technological
change. The Semiconductor and Storage Systems segments in
which we conduct business are characterized by rapid
technological change, short product cycles and evolving industry
standards. We believe our future success depends, in part, on
our ability to improve on existing technologies and to develop
and implement new ones in order to continue to reduce
semiconductor chip size and improve product performance and
manufacturing yields. We must also be able to adopt and
implement emerging industry standards in a timely manner and to
adapt products and processes to technological changes. If we are
not able to implement new process technologies successfully or
to achieve volume production of new products at acceptable
yields, our operating results and financial condition may be
adversely impacted.

We operate in highly competitive markets. Our competitors
include many large domestic and foreign companies that have
substantially greater financial, technical and management
resources than we do. Several major diversified electronics
companies offer custom solutions and/or other standard products
that are competitive with our product lines. Other competitors
are specialized, rapidly growing companies that sell products
into the same markets that we target. Some of our large
customers may also design and manufacture products that compete
with our products. There is no assurance that the price and
performance of our products will be superior relative to the
products of our competitors. As a result, we may experience a
loss of competitive position that could result in lower prices,
fewer customer orders, reduced revenues, reduced gross profit
margins and loss of market share.

We are dependent on a limited number of customers. A
limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of
our revenues. International Business Machines Corporation and
Seagate Technology represented approximately 16% and 11%,
respectively, of our total consolidated revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2005.

15

Table of Contents

Our operating results and financial condition could be
significantly affected if:

• 

 we do not win new product designs from major existing customers;

• 

 major customers reduce or cancel their existing business with us;

• 

 major customers make significant changes in scheduled
 deliveries; or

• 

 there are declines in the prices of products that we sell to
 these customers.

Our new products may not achieve market acceptance. We
introduce many new products each year. We must continue to
develop and introduce new products that compete effectively on
the basis of price and performance and that satisfy customer
requirements. Our cores and standard products are intended to be
based upon industry standard functions, interfaces, and
protocols so that they are useful in a wide variety of systems
applications. Development of new products and cores often
requires long-term forecasting of market trends, development and
implementation of new or changing technologies and a substantial
capital commitment. We cannot provide assurance that the cores
or standard products that we select for investment of our
financial and engineering resources will be developed or
acquired in a timely manner or will enjoy market acceptance.

The manufacturing facilities we operate are highly complex
and require high fixed costs. Our only wafer fabrication
site is located in Gresham, Oregon. On September 13, 2005,
we announced our intention to adopt a fabless manufacturing
strategy and to sell our wafer fabrication facility located in
Gresham. We also own our Storage Systems segment manufacturing
facility in Wichita, Kansas. The manufacture and introduction of
our products is a complicated process. We continually strive to
implement the latest process technologies and manufacture
products in a clean and tightly controlled environment. We
confront challenges in the manufacturing process that require us
to:

• 

 maintain a competitive manufacturing cost structure;

• 

 implement the latest process technologies required to
 manufacture new products;

• 

 exercise stringent quality control measures to ensure high
 yields;

• 

 effectively manage the subcontractors engaged in the wafer
 fabrication, test and assembly of products; and

• 

 update equipment and facilities as required for leading edge
 production capabilities.

We procure parts and raw materials from a limited number of
domestic and foreign sources. We do not maintain an
extensive inventory of parts and materials for manufacturing. We
purchase a portion of our requirements for parts and raw
materials from a limited number of sources, primarily from
suppliers in Japan and their U.S. subsidiaries, and we
obtain other material inputs on a local basis. There is no
assurance that, if we have difficulty in obtaining parts or
materials in the future, alternative suppliers will be
available, or that these suppliers will provide parts and
materials in a timely manner or on favorable terms. As a result,
we may be adversely affected by delays in product shipments. If
we cannot obtain adequate materials for manufacture of our
products or if such materials are not available at reasonable
prices, there could be a material adverse impact on our
operating results and financial condition.

We utilize indirect channels of distribution over which we
have limited control. Our financial results could be
adversely affected if our relationship with resellers or
distributors were to deteriorate or if the financial condition
of these resellers or distributors were to decline. In addition,
as our business grows, we may have an increased reliance on
indirect channels of distribution. There can be no assurance
that we will be successful in maintaining or expanding these
indirect channels of distribution. This could result in the loss
of certain sales opportunities. Furthermore, the partial
reliance on indirect channels of distribution may reduce our
visibility with respect to future business, thereby making it
more difficult to accurately forecast orders.

We engage in acquisitions and alliances giving rise to
financial and technological risks. We are continually
exploring strategic acquisitions that build upon our existing
library of intellectual property, human capital and engineering
talent, and increase our leadership position in the markets
where we operate. We did

16

Table of Contents

not complete any material acquisitions or alliances in 2005. We
completed two acquisitions in 2004. Mergers and acquisitions of
high-technology companies bear inherent risks. No assurance can
be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be
successful and will not materially adversely affect our
business, operating results or financial condition. We must
continue to manage any growth effectively. Failure to manage
growth effectively and to integrate acquisitions could adversely
affect our operating results and financial condition.

In addition, we intend to continue to make investments in
companies, products and technologies through strategic
alliances. Investment activities often involve risks, including
the need to acquire timely access to needed capital for
investments related to alliances and to invest in companies and
technologies that contribute to the growth of our business.

On September 13, 2005, we announced our intention to sell
our Gresham, Oregon manufacturing facility as part of our
strategy to transition to a fabless semiconductor manufacturing
model. Our new strategy includes the expansion of our working
relationships with major foundry partners and the adoption of a
roadmap leading to the production of advanced semiconductors
utilizing 65-nanometer and below process technology on
300-mm or

12-inch wafers. We are
actively marketing the facility and expect to complete a sale of
the facility by September 13, 2006, one year from the date
of the announcement.

The price of our securities may be subject to wide
fluctuations. Our stock has experienced substantial price
volatility, particularly as a result of quarterly variations in
results, the published expectations of analysts and
announcements by our competitors and us. In addition, the stock
market has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have
affected the market price of many technology companies and that
have often been unrelated to the operating performance of such
companies. The price of our securities may also be affected by
general global, economic and market conditions. While we cannot
predict the individual effect that these and other factors may
have on the price of our securities, these factors, either
individually or in the aggregate, could result in significant
variations in price during any given period of time. These
fluctuations in our stock price also impact the price of our
outstanding convertible securities and the likelihood of the
convertible securities being converted into cash or equity. If
our stock price is below the conversion price of our convertible
bonds on the date of maturity, they may not convert into equity
and we may be required to redeem our outstanding convertible
securities for cash. However, in the event they do not convert
to equity, we believe that our current cash position and
expected future operating cash flows will be adequate to meet
these obligations as they mature.

We may rely on capital and bank markets to provide
liquidity. In order to finance strategic acquisitions,
capital assets needed in our manufacturing facilities and other
general corporate needs, we may rely on capital and bank markets
to provide liquidity. As of December 31, 2005, we had
convertible notes outstanding of approximately
$622 million. We may need to seek additional equity or debt
financing from

time-to-time.
Historically, we have been able to access capital and bank
markets, but we may not be able to access these markets in the
future or on terms that are acceptable to us. The availability
of capital in these markets is affected by several factors,
including geopolitical risk, the interest rate environment and
the condition of the economy as a whole. Moreover, any future
equity or equity-linked financing may dilute the equity
ownership of existing shareholders. In addition, our own
operating performance, capital structure and expected future
performance impact our ability to raise capital. We believe that
our current cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and
future cash provided by operations will be sufficient to fund
our needs in the foreseeable future. This includes repaying our
existing convertible debt when due. However, if our operating
performance falls below expectations, we may need additional
funds.

We design and develop highly complex semiconductors and
storage systems. As technology advances to smaller
geometries, there are increases in the complexity, time and
expense associated with the design, development and manufacture
of semiconductors. We must incur substantial research and
development costs to confirm the technical feasibility and
commercial viability of any products that in the end may not be
successful. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that any new
semiconductor products will result in market acceptance.

17

Table of Contents

The high technology industry in which we operate is prone to
intellectual property litigation. Our success is dependent
in part on our technology and other proprietary rights, and we
believe that there is value in the protection afforded by our
patents, copyright rights, trademarks and other intellectual
property rights. We have a program whereby we actively protect
our intellectual property by acquiring patent and other
intellectual property rights. However, the industry is
characterized by rapidly changing technology and our future
success depends primarily on the technical competence and
creative skills of our personnel.

As is typical in the high technology industry, from time to time
we have received communications from other parties asserting
that certain of our products, processes, technologies or
information infringe upon their patent rights, copyrights,
trademark rights or other intellectual property rights. We
regularly evaluate such assertions. In light of industry
practice, we believe, with respect to existing or future claims
that any licenses or other rights that may be necessary may
generally be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.
Nevertheless, there is no assurance that licenses will be
obtainable on acceptable terms or that a claim will not result
in litigation or other administrative proceedings. Resolution of
whether our product or intellectual property has infringed on
valid rights held by others could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations or financial position and may
require material changes in production processes and products.

See “Legal Matters” in Note 12 (“Legal
Matters”) of the Notes regarding current patent litigation.

We may not be able to adequately protect or enforce our
intellectual property rights, which could harm our competitive
position. Our success and future revenue growth will depend,
in part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property. We
primarily rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret
laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to
protect our proprietary technologies and processes. Despite our
efforts to protect our proprietary technologies and processes,
it is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third
parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies and
processes. We hold more than 3,290 U.S. patents. However,
we cannot assure you that any additional patents will be issued.
Even if a new patent is issued, the claims allowed may not be
sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, any
of our existing or future patents may be challenged, invalidated
or circumvented. As such, any rights granted under these patents
may not provide us with meaningful protection. We may not have
foreign patents or pending applications corresponding to our
U.S. patents and applications. Even if foreign patents are
granted, effective enforcement in foreign countries may not be
available. If our patents do not adequately protect our
technology, our competitors may be able to offer products
similar to ours. Our competitors may also be able to develop
similar technology independently or design around our patents.
Some or all of our patents have in the past been licensed and
likely will in the future be licensed to certain of our
competitors through cross-license agreements.

Certain of our software (as well as that of our customers) may
be derived from so-called “open source” software that
is generally made available to the public by its authors and/or
other third parties. Such open source software is often made
available to us under licenses, such as the GNU General Public
License, or GPL, which impose certain obligations on us in the
event we were to distribute derivative works of the open source
software. These obligations may require us to make source code
for the derivative works available to the public, and/or license
such derivative works under a particular type of license, rather
than the forms of license customarily used to protect our
intellectual property. While we believe we have complied with
our obligations under the various applicable licenses for open
source software, in the event the copyright holder of any open
source software were to successfully establish in court that we
had not complied with the terms of a license for a particular
work, we could be required to release the source code of that
work to the public and/or stop distribution of that work. With
respect to our proprietary software, we generally license such
software under terms that prohibit combining it with open source
software as described above. Despite these restrictions, parties
may combine our proprietary software with open source software
without our authorization, in which case we might nonetheless be
required to release the source code of our proprietary software.

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to disruption.
Operations at any of our primary manufacturing facilities may be
disrupted for reasons beyond our control, including work
stoppages, fire, earthquake, tornado, floods or other natural
disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operation or financial position.

18

Table of Contents

We have announced our intention to sell our semiconductor
fabrication facility and to become entirely dependent on
independent foundry subcontractors to manufacture a portion of
our current product; accordingly, any failure to secure and
maintain sufficient foundry capacity could materially and
adversely affect our business. Outside foundry
subcontractors, located in Asia, manufacture a portion of our
semiconductor devices in current production. On
September 13, 2005, we announced our intention to adopt a
fabless manufacturing strategy and to sell our wafer fabrication
facility located in Gresham, Oregon. A fabless manufacturing
strategy will make us completely dependent on foundry
subcontractors upon the completion of the sale of the Gresham
facility.

Availability of foundry capacity has in the recent past been
reduced due to strong demand. In addition, the occurrence of a
public health emergency could further affect the production
capabilities of our manufacturers by resulting in quarantines or
closures. If we are unable to secure sufficient capacity at our
existing foundries, or in the event of a quarantine or closure
at any of these foundries, our revenues, cost of revenues and
results of operations would be negatively impacted. If any of
our foundries experiences a shortage in capacity, or suffers any
damage to its facilities due to earthquakes or other natural
disasters, experiences power outages, encounters financial
difficulties or any other disruption of foundry capacity, we may
need to qualify an alternative foundry in a timely manner. Even
our current foundries need to have new manufacturing processes
qualified if there is a disruption in an existing process. We
typically require several months to qualify a new foundry or
process before we can begin shipping products from it. If we
cannot accomplish this qualification in a timely manner, we may
experience a significant interruption in supply of the affected
products.

Because we rely on outside foundries with limited capacity, we
face several significant risks, including:

• 

 a lack of guaranteed wafer supply and potential wafer shortages
 and higher wafer prices;

• 

 limited control over delivery schedules, quality assurance,
 manufacturing yields and production costs; and

• 

 the unavailability of, or potential delays in obtaining access
 to, key process technologies.

In addition, the manufacture of integrated circuits is a highly
complex and technologically demanding process. Although we work
closely with our foundries to minimize the likelihood of reduced
manufacturing yields, our foundries have from time to time
experienced lower than anticipated manufacturing yields. This
often occurs during the production of new products or the
installation and
start-up of new process
technologies. Poor yields from our foundries could result in
product shortages or delays in product shipments, which could
seriously harm our relationships with our customers and
materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

The ability of each foundry to provide us with semiconductor
devices is limited by its available capacity and existing
obligations. Although we have entered into contractual
commitments to supply specified levels of products to some of
our customers, we do not have a long-term volume purchase
agreement or a significant guaranteed level of production
capacity with any of our foundries. Foundry capacity may not be
available when we need it or at reasonable prices. Availability
of foundry capacity has in the recent past been reduced from
time to time due to strong demand. We place our orders on the
basis of our customers’ purchase orders or our forecast of
customer demand, and the foundries can allocate capacity to the
production of other companies’ products and reduce
deliveries to us on short notice. It is possible that foundry
customers that are larger and better financed than we are, or
that have long-term agreements with our main foundries, may
induce our foundries to reallocate capacity to them. This
reallocation could impair our ability to secure the supply of
components that we need. Although we use a number of independent
foundries to manufacture our semiconductor products, most of our
components are not manufactured at more than one foundry at any
given time, and our products typically are designed to be
manufactured in a specific process at only one of these
foundries. Accordingly, if one of our foundries is unable to
provide us with components as needed, we could experience
significant delays in securing sufficient supplies of those
components. Also, our third party foundries typically migrate
capacity to newer,
state-of-the-art
manufacturing processes on a regular basis, which may create
capacity shortages for our products designed to be manufactured
on an older process. We

19

Table of Contents

cannot assure you that any of our existing or new foundries will
be able to produce integrated circuits with acceptable
manufacturing yields, or that our foundries will be able to
deliver enough semiconductor devices to us on a timely basis, or
at reasonable prices. These and other related factors could
impair our ability to meet our customers’ needs and have a
material and adverse effect on our operating results.

Although we may utilize new foundries for other products in the
future, in using new foundries we will be subject to all of the
risks described in the foregoing paragraphs with respect to our
current foundries.

We depend on third-party subcontractors to assemble, obtain
packaging materials for, and test substantially all of our
current semiconductor products. If we lose the services of any
of our subcontractors or if these subcontractors are unable to
attain sufficient packaging materials, shipments of our products
may be disrupted, which could harm our customer relationships
and adversely affect our revenues. Third-party
subcontractors located in Asia assemble, obtain packaging
materials for, and test substantially all of our current
semiconductor products. Because we rely on third-party
subcontractors to perform these functions, we cannot directly
control our product delivery schedules and quality assurance.
This lack of control has in the past resulted, and could in the
future result, in product shortages or quality assurance
problems that could delay shipments of our products or increase
our manufacturing, assembly or testing costs.

If our third-party subcontractors are unable to obtain
sufficient packaging materials for our products in a timely
manner, we may experience a significant product shortage or
delay in product shipments, which could seriously harm our
customer relationships and materially and adversely affect our
net sales. If any of these subcontractors experiences capacity
constraints or financial difficulties, suffers any damage to its
facilities, experiences power outages or any other disruption of
assembly or testing capacity, we may not be able to obtain
alternative assembly and testing services in a timely manner.
Due to the amount of time that it usually takes us to qualify
assemblers and testers, we could experience significant delays
in product shipments if we are required to find alternative
assemblers or testers for our components. Any problems that we
may encounter with the delivery, quality or cost of our products
could damage our customer relationships and materially and
adversely affect our results of operations. We are continuing to
develop relationships with additional third-party subcontractors
to assemble and test our products. However, even if we use these
new subcontractors, we will continue to be subject to all of the
risks described above.

We depend on third-party subcontractors to manufacture all of
our current board products. Third-party subcontractors
manufacture all of our current board products. Because we rely
on third-party subcontractors to perform this function, we
cannot directly control our product delivery schedules and
quality assurance. This lack of control has in the past
resulted, and could in the future result, in product shortages
or quality assurance problems that could delay shipments of our
products or increase our manufacturing, assembly or testing
costs.

If our third-party subcontractors are unable to manufacture our
products in a timely manner, we may experience a significant
product shortage or delay in product shipments, which could
seriously harm our customer relationships and materially and
adversely affect our net sales. If any of these subcontractors
experiences capacity constraints or financial difficulties,
suffers any damage to its facilities, experiences power outages
or any other disruption of manufacturing capacity, we may not be
able to obtain alternative manufacturing services in a timely
manner. Due to the amount of time that it usually takes us to
qualify manufacturers, we could experience significant delays in
product shipments if we are required to find alternatives. Any
problems that we may encounter with the delivery, quality or
cost of our products could damage our customer relationships and
materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We
are continuing to develop relationships with additional
third-party manufacturers for our products. However, even if we
use these new subcontractors, we will continue to be subject to
all of the risks described above.

We are increasingly exposed to various legal, business,
political and economic risks associated with our international
operations. We currently obtain a substantial portion all of
our manufacturing, and all of our assembly and testing services
from suppliers located outside the United States. We also
frequently ship products to our domestic customers’
international manufacturing divisions and subcontractors. We
also undertake design and development activities in Canada,
China, Dubai, Germany, India, Russia, Taiwan, and the United
Kingdom. We intend to continue to expand our international
business activities and to open other design and operational
centers abroad. The recent war in Iraq and the lingering effects
of terrorist attacks in

20

Table of Contents

the United States and abroad, the resulting heightened security
and the increasing risk of extended international military
conflicts may adversely impact our international sales and could
make our international operations more expensive. International
operations are subject to many other inherent risks, including
but not limited to:

• 

 political, social and economic instability;

• 

 exposure to different legal standards, particularly with respect
 to intellectual property;

• 

 natural disasters and public health emergencies;

• 

 nationalization of business and blocking of cash flows;

• 

 trade and travel restrictions;

• 

 the imposition of governmental controls and restrictions;

• 

 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws;

• 

 import and export license requirements and restrictions of the
 United States and each other country in which we operate;

• 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

• 

 foreign technical standards;

• 

 changes in tariffs;

• 

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

• 

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

• 

 difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities or
 delayed revenue recognition; and

• 

 potentially adverse tax consequences.

Any of the factors described above may have a material adverse
effect on our ability to increase or maintain our foreign sales.

Additionally, public health emergencies may impact our
operations, including, but not limited to, disruptions at our
third-party manufacturers that are primarily located in Asia,
reduced sales and increased supply chain costs.

We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. We have some exposure to fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates. We have international subsidiaries and
distributors that operate and sell our products globally. We
routinely hedge these exposures in an effort to minimize the
impact of currency fluctuations. However, we may still be
adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates
or declining economic conditions in these countries.

We must attract and retain key employees in a highly
competitive environment. In May 2005, Abhijit Y.
Talwalkar joined us as President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Talwalkar succeeded Wilfred J. Corrigan, whose
status as an employee ceased as of May 2005. On
February 13, 2006, Mr. Corrigan notified the Company
that he will not stand for reelection to the Company’s
board of directors (the “Board”) at its next annual
stockholder’s meeting to be held on May 11, 2006.
Mr. Corrigan currently serves as the chairman of the Board,
and will continue to serve in that capacity through the end of
his current term. The Board will elect a new chairperson at that
time.

Our employees are vital to our success and our key management,
engineering and other employees are difficult to replace. We do
not generally have employment contracts with our key employees.
Despite the economic slowdown of the last few years, competition
for certain key technical and engineering personnel remains
intense. Our continued growth and future operating results will
depend upon our ability to attract, hire and retain significant
numbers of qualified employees.

21

Table of Contents

Future changes in financial accounting standards or practices
or existing taxation rules or practices may cause adverse
unexpected fluctuations and affect our reported results of
operations. Financial accounting standards in the United
States are constantly under review and may be changed from time
to time. We would be required to apply these changes when
adopted. Once implemented, these changes could result in
material fluctuations in our financial results of operations
and/or the way in which such results of operations are reported.
Similarly, we are subject to taxation in the United States and a
number of foreign jurisdictions. Rates of taxation, definitions
of income, exclusions from income, and other tax policies are
subject to change over time. Changes in tax laws in a
jurisdiction in which we have reporting obligations could have a
material impact on our results of operations.

We expect that the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard No. 123 (Revised 2004), entitled “Share-Based
Payment” (“SFAS No. 123R”), effective
for the periods commencing after December 31, 2005, will
have a significant impact on our reported results as described
under “Recent Accounting Pronouncements.” Because the
factors that will affect compensation expense we incur due to
the adoption of SFAS No. 123R are unknown, the impact
on our operating results at the point of adoption, or in the
future, cannot be determined. Changes in these or other rules,
or modifications to our current practices, may have a
significant adverse effect on our reported operating results or
in the way in which we conduct our business in the future.

We face uncertainties related to the effectiveness of
internal controls. Public companies in the United States are
required to review their internal controls over financial
reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. It should be noted that any system of controls, however
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met.
In addition, the design of any control system is based in part
upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events.
Because of these and other inherent limitations of control
systems, there can be no assurance that any design will achieve
its stated goal under all potential future conditions,
regardless of how remote.

Although our management has determined, and our independent
public accounting firm has attested, that our internal controls
were effective as of December 31, 2005, we cannot assure
you that we or our independent registered public accounting firm
will not identify a material weakness in our internal controls
in the future. A material weakness in our internal controls over
financial reporting would require management and our independent
public accounting firm to evaluate our internal controls as
ineffective. If our internal controls over financial reporting
are not considered adequate, we may experience a loss of public
confidence, which could have an adverse effect on our business
and our stock price.

Internal control deficiencies or weaknesses that are not yet
identified could emerge. Over time we may identify and
correct deficiencies or weaknesses in our internal controls and,
where and when appropriate, report on the identification and
correction of these deficiencies or weaknesses. However, the
internal control procedures can provide only reasonable, and not
absolute, assurance that deficiencies or weaknesses are
identified. Deficiencies or weaknesses that are not yet
identified could emerge and the identification and corrections
of these deficiencies or weaknesses could have a material impact
on the results of operations for the Company.