Set forth below are risks and uncertainties that, if they were
 to occur, could materially adversely affect our business or
 could cause our actual results to differ materially from the
 results contemplated by the forward-looking statements in this
 report and other public statements we make.

 We
 depend on a small number of customers. The loss of, or a
 significant reduction in revenue from, any of these customers
 would harm our results of operations.

 A limited number of customers accounts for a substantial portion
 of our revenues. In 2008, Seagate and IBM, our two largest
 customers, represented approximately 17% and 16%, respectively,
 of our total revenues, and our 10 largest customers accounted
 for approximately 60.7% of our revenue. If any of our key
 customers reduced significantly or canceled its orders, our
 business and operating results could be significantly harmed.
 Because many of our semiconductor products are designed for
 specific customers and have long product design and development
 cycles, it may be difficult for us to replace key customers that
 reduce or cancel their existing orders for these products.

 In addition, if we fail to win new product designs from our
 major customers, our business and results of operations may be
 harmed. Further, if our major customers make significant changes
 in scheduled deliveries, or decide to pursue the internal
 development of the products we sell to them, our business and
 results of operations may be harmed.

 If we
 fail to keep pace with technological advances, or if we pursue
 technologies that do not become commercially accepted, customers
 may not buy our products and our results of operations may be
 harmed.

 Many of the industry segments in which we operate are
 characterized by rapid technological change, changes in customer
 requirements, frequent new product introductions and
 enhancements, short product cycles and evolving industry
 standards. We believe that our future success will depend, in
 part, on our ability to improve on existing technologies and to
 develop and implement new ones, as well as on our ability to
 adopt and implement emerging industry standards in a timely
 manner and to adapt products and processes to technological
 changes. If we fail to develop new and enhanced products and
 technologies, if we focus on technologies that do not become
 widely adopted, or if new technologies that we do not offer and
 that compete with our technologies become widely accepted,
 demand for our current and planned products may be reduced.

 In addition, the emergence of markets for integrated circuits
 may be affected by factors beyond our control. For example, we
 design some products to conform to current specific industry
 standards. If a competitor offers a product based on a standard
 before we are able to do so, our customers may buy our
 competitor’s product rather than our product. Our customers
 may not adopt or continue to follow these standards, which would
 make our products less desirable to customers, and could
 negatively affect sales. Also, competing standards may emerge
 that are preferred by our customers, which could reduce sales
 and require us to make significant expenditures to develop new

 11

Table of Contents

 products. To the extent that we are not able to adapt
 effectively and expeditiously to new standards, our business may
 be harmed.

 We
 operate in intensely competitive markets, and our failure to
 compete effectively would harm our results of
 operations.

 We derive significant revenue from the sale of integrated
 circuits as well as storage systems. These industries are
 intensely competitive, and competition may increase as existing
 competitors enhance their product offerings and as new
 participants enter the market. Our competitors include large
 domestic and foreign companies that have substantially greater
 financial, technical and management resources than us. Several
 major diversified electronics companies offer products that
 compete with our products. Other competitors are specialized,
 rapidly growing companies that sell products into the same
 markets that we target. Some of our customers may also design
 and manufacture products internally that compete with our
 products. We can not provide any assurances that the price and
 performance of our products will be superior relative to the
 products of our competitors or will be sufficient to obtain
 business.

 Increased competition may harm our revenues and margins. For
 example, competitors with greater financial resources may be
 able to offer lower prices than us, or they may offer additional
 products, services or other incentives that we may not be able
 to match. Competitors may be better able than us to respond
 quickly to new technologies and may undertake more extensive
 marketing campaigns than we do. They may also make strategic
 acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among
 themselves or with third parties to increase their market share.
 In addition, competitors may sell commercial quantities of
 products before we do, establishing a market position that we
 may not be able to overcome once we introduce similar products
 in commercial quantities. If we are unable to develop and market
 competitive products on a timely basis, we will likely fail to
 maintain or expand our market share and our revenues will likely
 decline.

 Customer
 orders and ordering patterns can change quickly, making it
 difficult for us to predict our revenues and making it possible
 that our actual revenues may vary materially from our
 expectations, which could harm our results of operations and
 stock price.

 We sell a significant amount of product pursuant to purchase
 orders that customers may cancel or defer on short notice
 without incurring a significant penalty. In addition, the period
 of time between order and product shipment can be very short. If
 customers reduce the rate at which they place new orders,
 whether because of changing market conditions for their products
 or other reasons, or if they cancel or defer previously placed
 orders, the impact on our revenue can occur quickly and could
 cause us to experience revenues that are lower than we may have
 indicated in any forecast of our future revenue that we may have
 made publicly. For example, as economic conditions deteriorated
 in the fourth quarter of 2008, our sales declined below the
 expectations we had publicly announced earlier that quarter
 because our customers’ orders declined to a level below
 that which we had anticipated. Reductions in new order rates as
 well as cancellations or deferrals of existing orders could also
 cause us to hold excess inventory, which could adversely affect
 our results of operations.

 A
 prolonged economic downturn could have a material negative
 impact on our results of operations and financial
 condition.

 In late 2008, the media reported significant declines in
 economic activity and reduced availability of credit in the
 United States and other countries around the world. Prices of
 equity securities generally also experienced declines. If these
 declines persist or get worse, they could negatively affect our
 business in several ways, in addition to resulting in lower
 demand for our products and causing potential disruptions at
 customers or suppliers that might encounter financial
 difficulties.

 We have defined benefit pension plans under which we are
 obligated to make future payments to participants. We have set
 aside funds to meet our anticipated obligations under these
 plans. These funds are invested in equity and fixed income
 securities. Since mid-2008, market prices of these types of
 securities declined significantly. At December 31, 2008,
 our projected benefit obligations under our pension plans
 exceeded the value of the assets of those plans by approximately
 $450 million. U.S. law provides that we must make
 contributions to the pension plans

 12

Table of Contents

 in 2009 of at least $20 million. We may be required to make
 additional contributions to the plans in later years if the
 value of the plan assets does not increase, or continues to
 decrease, and these amounts could be significantly larger than
 the required contributions in 2009. We may also choose to make
 additional, voluntary contributions to the plans.

 At December 31, 2008, we had contractual purchase
 commitments with suppliers, primarily for raw materials and
 manufacturing services and for some non-production items, of
 approximately $511 million. If our actual revenues in the
 future are lower than our current expectations, we may not meet
 all of our buying commitments. As a result, it is possible that
 we will have to make penalty-type payments under these
 contracts, even though we are not obtaining any products that we
 can sell.

 During the year ended December 31, 2008, we recognized
 goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges of
 $541.6 million. If economic conditions worsen and our
 revenues decline below our recent forecasts, we may recognize
 additional impairment of our assets.

 While we believe we currently have sufficient cash and short
 term investments to fund our operations for the near term, we
 may find it desirable to obtain additional debt or equity
 financing or seek to refinance our existing convertible notes in
 the event of a prolonged or worsening downturn. We believe that
 financing is currently difficult or impossible for many
 companies to obtain on acceptable terms or at all. Accordingly,
 financing may not be available to us at all or on acceptable
 terms if we determine that it would be desirable to obtain
 additional financing.

 We
 depend on outside suppliers to manufacture, assemble, package
 and test our products; accordingly, any failure to secure and
 maintain sufficient manufacturing capacity or to maintain the
 quality of our products could harm our business and results of
 operations.

 We depend on third-party foundries to manufacture integrated
 circuits for us and on outside suppliers to assemble and test
 our semiconductor products and to assemble our storage systems
 products. As such, we face the following risks:

 • 

 a supplier may be unwilling to devote adequate capacity to the
 production of our products or may be unable to produce our
 products;

 • 

 a supplier may fail to develop, or may discontinue,
 manufacturing methods appropriate for our products;

 • 

 manufacturing costs may be higher than planned;

 • 

 product reliability may decline;

 • 

 a manufacturer may not be able to maintain continuing
 relationships with suppliers; and

 • 

 we may have reduced control over delivery schedules, quality,
 manufacturing yields and costs of products.

 The ability of an independent foundry to provide us with
 integrated circuits is limited by its available capacity and
 existing obligations. We generally do not enter into contracts
 to reserve foundry capacity. Availability of foundry capacity
 has in the past been reduced from time to time due to strong
 demand and may not be available when needed at reasonable
 prices. If foundry capacity is limited, it is possible that one
 of our foundries may allocate capacity to the production of
 other companies’ products. This reallocation could impair
 our ability to obtain sufficient wafers. We may also use a
 second foundry for a particular product when capacity at the
 main foundry is limited, but the cost of integrated circuits at
 the second foundry may be higher, which would reduce our margins.

 By relying on outside suppliers to manufacture, assemble and
 test our products, we may have a reduced ability to control
 directly product delivery schedules and quality assurance. This
 lack of control may result in product shortages or quality
 assurance problems that could delay shipments of products or
 increase manufacturing, assembly, testing or other costs. In
 addition, if these outside suppliers are unable to obtain
 sufficient raw materials in a timely manner, we may experience
 product shortages or delays in product shipments, which could
 harm our customer relationships and results of operations.

 If any of our manufacturing suppliers experiences capacity
 constraints, encounters financial difficulties, or experiences
 any other major disruption of its operations, we may need to
 qualify an alternate supplier, which may

 13

Table of Contents

 take several months and could result in delays in product
 shipments. These delays could cause our customers to seek
 alternate suppliers, which could adversely impact our business.

 As a result of all of these factors and risks, and although we
 carefully monitor and plan for capacity and other issues, we can
 not provide any assurances that we can obtain products from our
 suppliers on a timely basis or at reasonable prices.

 Failure
 to qualify our semiconductor products or our suppliers’
 manufacturing lines with key customers could harm our business
 and results of operations.

 Some customers will not purchase any products, other than
 limited numbers of evaluation units, until they qualify the
 products or the manufacturing line for the product. We may not
 always be able to satisfy the qualification requirements of
 these customers. Delays in qualification may cause a customer to
 discontinue use of non-qualified products and result in a
 significant loss of revenue.

 Any
 defects in our products could harm our reputation, customer
 relationships and results of operations.

 Our products may contain undetected defects, errors or failures,
 which may not become apparent until the products are deployed in
 commercial applications and other equipment. Consequently,
 customers may discover errors after the products have been
 deployed. The occurrence of any defects, errors or failures
 could result in:

 • 

 cancellation of orders;

 • 

 product returns, repairs or replacements;

 • 

 diversion of our resources;

 • 

 legal actions by customers or customers’ end users;

 • 

 increased insurance costs; and

 • 

 other losses to us or to customers or end users.

 Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of or
 delay in market acceptance of products and loss of sales, which
 could negatively affect our business and results of operations.
 As our products become even more complex in the future, this
 risk may intensify over time and may result in increased
 expenses.

 As
 part of our integration efforts with Agere, we intend to
 transition Agere’s operation to our enterprise resource
 planning system. Any issues that may arise with this transition
 could interfere with our business and harm our operating results
 or our ability to produce accurate and timely financial
 statements.

 Agere’s business utilizes a different enterprise resource
 planning system, or ERP, system than the system we have used
 historically. To streamline operations, we are in the process of
 converting Agere’s business to our ERP system. Converting
 Agere’s business processes, data and applications is a
 complex and time-consuming task. During this transition period,
 we are exposed to the possibility that we may not combine
 information correctly from the two systems, impacting our
 financial statements or our planning processes, and to the
 additional cost of maintaining two ERP systems.

 Although we are planning the conversion carefully and expect to
 perform extensive testing before the actual conversion, it is
 possible that we may not convert all information or processes
 correctly or that some other problem could arise. Any problems
 that arise could impair our ability to process customer orders,
 ship products, provide services and support to our customers,
 bill and track orders, fulfill contractual obligations, file
 reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission in a timely
 manner and otherwise run our business. Even if we do not
 encounter these adverse effects, the transition to a single ERP
 system may be much more costly than we anticipated, which would
 adversely affect our future operating results.

 14

Table of Contents

 We may
 be subject to intellectual property infringement claims and
 litigation, which could cause us to incur significant expenses
 or prevent us from selling our products.

 As is typical in the semiconductor industry, we are frequently
 involved in disputes regarding patent and other intellectual
 property rights. We have in the past received, and we may in the
 future receive, communications from third parties asserting that
 our products, processes or technologies infringe on the patent
 or other intellectual property rights of third parties, and we
 may also receive claims of potential infringement if we attempt
 to license intellectual property to others. Intellectual
 property litigation, regardless of the outcome, may be costly
 and time consuming, and may divert the attention of management
 and key personnel from other business issues. Claims of
 intellectual property infringement also might require us to
 enter into costly royalty or license agreements. We may not be
 able to obtain royalty or license agreements on acceptable
 terms. If any of our products or intellectual property infringes
 on valid rights held by others, our results of operations or
 financial position may suffer and we may have to make material
 changes in production processes or products.

 In April 2008, we filed an action with the International Trade
 Commission seeking the exclusion from the United States of
 products produced by 23 companies. Subsequently, a number
 of these companies have filed lawsuits or actions in the
 International Trade Commission claiming that our products
 infringe on their intellectual property rights and seeking
 either damages or an order excluding some of our products from
 sale in the United States. While we do not believe any of these
 actions to be material, we cannot give you any assurance that we
 will not be required to pay a material amount or that we will
 not have our products excluded from sale in the United States.

 If we
 are unable to protect or assert our intellectual property
 rights, our business and results of operations may be
 harmed.

 Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to
 protect and assert our intellectual property rights. We rely
 primarily on patent and other intellectual property laws, as
 well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect
 our proprietary technologies and processes. It is possible that
 competitors or other unauthorized third parties may obtain,
 copy, use or disclose proprietary technologies and processes,
 despite our efforts to protect them.

 While we hold a significant number of patents, we can give you
 no assurance that any additional patents will be issued. Even if
 new patents are issued, the claims allowed may not be
 sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, any
 of our existing patents, and any future patents issued to us,
 may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or changes in
 law may result in us having less protection than we may have
 experienced historically. As such, any rights granted under
 these patents may not provide us with meaningful protection. We
 may not have foreign patents or pending applications
 corresponding to our U.S. patents and applications. Even if
 foreign patents are granted, effective enforcement in foreign
 countries may not be available.

 If our patents do not adequately protect our technology,
 competitors may be able to offer products similar to our
 products more easily. Our competitors may also be able to
 develop similar technology independently or design around our
 patents. Some or all of our patents have in the past been
 licensed and likely will in the future be licensed to certain of
 our competitors through cross-license agreements.

 A
 decline in the revenue that we derive from the licensing of
 intellectual property could have a significant impact on our net
 income.

 The revenue we generate from the licensing of our intellectual
 property typically has a higher gross margin compared to the
 revenue we generate from the sale of other products. Although we
 derive a relatively small percentage of our total revenue from
 the licensing of intellectual property, a decline in this
 licensing revenue would likely have a greater impact on our
 profitability than a similar decline in revenues from the sale
 of our other products. Our licensing revenue tends to come from
 a limited number of transactions and the failure to complete one
 or more transactions in a quarter could have a material adverse
 impact on our profitability.

 15

Table of Contents

 We are
 exposed to legal, business, political and economic risks
 associated with our international operations.

 We derive, and we expect to continue to derive, a substantial
 portion of our revenue from sales of products shipped to
 locations outside of the United States. In 2008, approximately
 72.5% of our total revenue was derived from sales outside the
 United States. In addition, we perform a significant amount of
 our development work outside the United States and most of our
 products are manufactured outside of the United States.
 Operations outside of the United States are subject to a number
 of risks and potential costs that could harm our business and
 results of operations, including:

 • 

 political, social and economic instability;

 • 

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

 • 

 exposure to different legal standards, particularly with respect
 to intellectual property;

 • 

 natural disasters, civil unrest, terrorism and public health
 emergencies;

 • 

 nationalization of businesses and blocking of cash flows;

 • 

 trade and travel restrictions;

 • 

 imposition of governmental controls and restrictions;

 • 

 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws;

 • 

 import and export license requirements and restrictions;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

 • 

 foreign technical standards;

 • 

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

 • 

 international trade disputes;

 • 

 difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities or
 delayed revenue recognition; and

 • 

 potentially adverse tax consequences.

 We use
 indirect channels of product distribution over which we have
 limited control.

 Although we have in the past sold our storage systems products
 directly to end customers, we have discontinued this practice
 and now sell only to other companies that may or may not add
 features or functionality to our products before reselling them
 to end customers. We also sell some of our semiconductor
 products through distributors. A deterioration in our
 relationships with our distributors or resellers, or a decline
 in their business, could harm our sales. In addition, we may
 increase our reliance on indirect channels of distribution in
 the future. We may not successfully maintain or expand these
 indirect channels of distribution, and our failure to do so
 could result in the loss of sales opportunities. Furthermore,
 our reliance on indirect channels of distribution may reduce
 visibility with respect to future business opportunities,
 thereby making it more difficult to forecast orders.

 We may
 engage in acquisitions and strategic alliances, which may not be
 successful and could harm our business and operating
 results.

 We expect to continue to explore strategic acquisitions that
 build upon or expand our library of intellectual property, human
 capital and engineering talent, and increase our ability to
 address the needs of our customers. For example, in 2007, in
 addition to our merger with Agere, we acquired SiliconStor, a
 privately held company that provided silicon solutions for
 enterprise storage networks, and Tarari, a privately-held maker
 of silicon and software that provided content and application
 awareness in packet and message processing. Mergers and
 acquisitions of high-technology companies have inherent risks.
 No assurance can be given that our previous acquisitions or
 future acquisitions will be successful and will not harm our
 business or operating results. In addition, we may make

 16

Table of Contents

 investments in companies, products and technologies through
 strategic alliances and otherwise. If these investments are not
 successful, our results of operations may suffer.

 The
 semiconductor industry is highly cyclical, which may cause our
 operating results to fluctuate.

 We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry. This
 industry is characterized by wide fluctuations in product supply
 and demand. In the past, the semiconductor industry has
 experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or
 in anticipation of, excess manufacturing capacity worldwide,
 maturing product cycles and declines in general economic
 conditions. Even if demand for our products remains constant, a
 lower level of available foundry capacity could increase our
 costs, which would likely have an adverse impact on our results
 of operations.

 Our
 failure to attract, retain and motivate key employees could harm
 our business.

 In some of our fields of operation, there are only a limited
 number of people in the job market who possess the requisite
 skills. In the past, we have experienced difficulty in
 identifying and hiring sufficient numbers of qualified engineers
 in parts of our business as well as in retaining qualified
 employees. The loss of the services of any key personnel or our
 inability to hire new personnel with the requisite skills could
 restrict our ability to develop new products or enhance existing
 products in a timely manner, to sell products to our customers
 or to manage our business effectively. In light of recent
 economic conditions, we have implemented several cost-saving
 measures which directly affect employee compensation. These
 measures, or others that we may take in the future, may
 negatively impact our ability to recruit and retain qualified
 personnel.

 Our
 operations and our suppliers’ operations are subject to
 natural disasters and other events outside of our control that
 may disrupt our business and harm our operating
 results.

 Our operations and those of our suppliers are subject to natural
 disasters and other events outside of our control that may
 disrupt our business and harm our operating results. For
 example, a widespread outbreak of an illness such as avian
 influenza, or bird flu, or severe acute respiratory syndrome, or
 SARS, could harm our operations and those of our suppliers as
 well as decrease demand from customers. We have operations in
 Singapore, Thailand and China, countries where outbreaks of bird
 flu and/or
 SARS have occurred. Also, we have substantial operations in
 parts of California that have experienced major earthquakes and
 in parts of Asia that have experienced both typhoons and
 earthquakes. If our operations or those of our suppliers are
 curtailed because of health issues or natural disasters, our
 business may be disrupted and we may need to seek alternate
 sources of supply for manufacturing or other services. Alternate
 sources may not be available, may be more expensive or may
 result in delays in shipments to customers, which would affect
 our results of operations. In addition, a curtailment of design
 operations could result in delays in the development of new
 products. If our customers’ businesses are affected by
 health issues or natural disasters, they might delay or reduce
 purchases, which could harm our business and results of
 operations.

 We are
 subject to various environmental laws and regulations that could
 impose substantial costs on us and may harm our
 business.

 Our business is subject to various environmental laws and
 regulations. For example, some countries have begun to require
 companies selling a broad range of electrical equipment to
 conform to legislation such as the Waste Electrical and
 Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive, the Restriction of the
 use of certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical &
 Electronic Equipment (RoHS) Directive, and Registration,
 Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH)
 Regulation in the European Union. Environmental legislation such
 as these could require us to redesign our products in order to
 comply with the standards and require the development of
 compliance administration systems. Redesigned products could be
 more costly to manufacture or require more costly or less
 efficient raw materials, making our products more costly or less
 desirable. In addition, under certain environmental laws, we
 could be held responsible, without regard to fault, for costs
 relating to any contamination at our past facilities and at
 third party waste disposal sites. We could also be held liable
 for consequences arising out of human exposure to such
 substances or other environmental damage. If we cannot develop
 compliant products on a timely basis or properly administer our
 compliance programs, our revenues may also decline due to lower
 sales, which may harm our business.

 17

Table of Contents

 Our
 blank check preferred stock and Delaware law contain provisions
 that may inhibit potential acquisition bids, which may harm our
 stock price, discourage merger offers or prevent changes in our
 management.

 Our board has the authority to issue preferred stock and to
 determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions,
 including voting rights, of the shares without any further vote
 or action by our stockholders. If we issue any of these shares
 of preferred stock in the future, the rights of holders of our
 common stock may be negatively affected. Although we have no
 current plans to issue shares of preferred stock, if we issue
 preferred stock, a change of control of our company could be
 delayed, deferred or prevented. Furthermore, Section 203 of
 the Delaware General Corporation Law restricts certain business
 combinations with any “interested stockholder” as
 defined by that statute. These provisions are designed to
 encourage potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of
 directors and give our board an opportunity to consider various
 alternatives to increase stockholder value. These provisions are
 also intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in
 proxy contests. However, the potential issuance of preferred
 stock or the restrictions in Section 203 of the Delaware
 General Corporation Law could discourage potential acquisition
 proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control, which
 may adversely affect the market price of our stock. These
 provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our
 management or board of directors.

 Class
 action litigation due to stock price volatility or other factors
 could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert our
 management’s attention and resources.

 In the past, securities class action litigation often has been
 brought against a company following periods of volatility in the
 market price of its securities. Companies in the technology
 industry are particularly vulnerable to this kind of litigation
 due to the high volatility of their stock prices. Our stock has
 experienced substantial price volatility in the past. This may
 be a result of quarterly variations in our results of
 operations, the published expectations of security analysts and
 announcements by us and our competitors as well as general
 economic conditions and our stock price may continue to
 experience substantial volatility. Accordingly, we may in the
 future be the target of securities litigation. Any securities
 litigation could result in substantial costs and could divert
 the attention and resources of our management.