Risks Related to Our Business

Our business, our future performance and forward-looking statements are affected by general
industry and market conditions and growth rates, general U.S. and non-U.S. economic and political
conditions (including the global economy), interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations
and other events. The following items are representative of the risks, uncertainties and other
conditions that can affect our business, our future performance and the forward-looking statements
that we make in this report or that we may make in the future.

We May Fail To Realize the Anticipated Cost Savings, Revenue Enhancements and Other Benefits
Expected From the Merger.

We may fail to realize the anticipated cost savings, revenue enhancements and other benefits
that we expect to achieve from the Merger. The Merger integrated Alcatel and Lucent, two companies
that had previously operated independently. We and Alcatel entered into the Merger Agreement with
the expectation that, among other things, the Merger would enable Alcatel-Lucent to

16

consolidate support functions, optimize its supply chain
and procurement structure, leverage its research and development and services across a larger base,
and reduce its worldwide workforce by approximately 9,000, all of which is expected to create
opportunities to achieve cost savings and revenue synergies and to achieve other synergistic
benefits.

Delays encountered by us or Alcatel-Lucent in the transition process could have a material adverse
effect on our revenues, expenses, operating results and financial condition. Although we expect
significant benefits to result from the Merger, there can be no assurance that we will actually
realize these anticipated benefits.

Achieving the benefits of the Merger will depend in part upon meeting the challenges inherent in
the successful combination and integration of global business enterprises of the size and scope of
us and Alcatel-Lucent and the possible resulting diversion of management attention for an extended
period of time. There can be no assurance that we and Alcatel-Lucent will meet these challenges
and that such diversion will not negatively affect our operations.

Uncertainties Associated With the Merger May Cause a Loss of Employees and May Otherwise Materially
Adversely Affect Our Future Business and Operations.

Our success will depend in part upon our ability to retain key
employees. Competition for qualified personnel can be intense. Our current and prospective
employees may experience uncertainty about their roles following the
Merger. This may materially adversely affect our ability to attract
and retain key management, sales, marketing, technical and other personnel. In addition, key
employees may depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or
a desire not to remain with us following the Merger. Accordingly, no assurance
can be given that we will be able to attract or retain key employees to the same
extent we had been able to attract or retain employees in the past.

Technological innovation is important to our success, and depends, to a
significant degree, on the work of technically skilled employees. Competition for the services of
these types of employees is vigorous. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to attract and retain these employees. If we are unable to attract
and retain technically skilled employees, our competitive position could be materially adversely
affected.

We Operate in a Highly Competitive Industry with Many Participants. Our Failure to Compete
Effectively Would Harm Our Business.

We operate in a highly competitive environment in our business,
competing on the basis of product offerings, technical capabilities, quality, service and pricing.
Competition for new service providers and enterprise customers as well as for new infrastructure
deployments is particularly intense and increasingly focused on price. We believe we offer
customers and prospective customers many benefits in addition to competitive pricing, including
strong support and integrated services for quality, technologically-advanced products; however, in
some situations, we may not be able to compete effectively if purchasing decisions are based solely
on the lowest price.

We have a number of competitors, some of which are very large, with substantial
technological and financial resources and established relationships with global service providers.
Some of our competitors have very low cost structures, support from governments in their home
countries, or both. In addition, new competitors may enter the industry as a result of shifts in
technology. These new competitors, as well as existing competitors, may include entrants from the
telecom, computer software, computer services, data networking and semiconductor industries. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully with these companies. Competitors
may be able to offer lower prices, additional products or services or a more attractive mix of
products or services, or services or other incentives that we cannot or will not match or offer.
These competitors may be in a stronger position to respond quickly to new or emerging technologies
and may be able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing
policies and make more attractive offers to customers, prospective customers, employees and
strategic partners.

17

Technology Drives Our Products and Services. If We Fail to Keep Pace with Technological Advances
in Our Industry, or If We Pursue Technologies That Do Not Become Commercially Accepted, Customers
May Not Buy Our Products or Use Our Services.

The telecom industry uses numerous and varied technologies and large service providers often invest
in several and, sometimes, incompatible technologies. The industry also demands frequent and, at
times, significant technology upgrades. Furthermore, enhancing our services revenues requires that
we develop and maintain leading tools. We do not have the
resources to invest in all of these existing and potential technologies. As a result, we concentrate our resources on those technologies that we believe
have or will achieve substantial customer acceptance and in which we have appropriate technical
expertise. However, existing products often have short product life cycles characterized by
declining prices over their lives. In addition, the choices we make for
developing technologies may prove incorrect if customers do not adopt the products that we develop or if those technologies ultimately prove to be unviable. Our revenues and
operating results depend to a significant extent on our ability to maintain a product portfolio and
service capability that is attractive to our customers, to enhance our existing products, to
continue to introduce new products successfully and on a timely basis and to develop new or enhance
existing tools for our services offerings.

A Small Number of Our Customers Account for a Substantial Portion of Our Revenues, and Most of Our
Revenues Come from Telecommunications Service Providers. The Loss of One or More Key Customers or
Reduced Spending of These Service Providers Could Significantly Reduce Our Revenues, Profitability
and Cash Flow.

A few large telecommunications service providers account for a substantial portion of our revenues.
These customers include Verizon and Verizon Wireless, Sprint Nextel, BellSouth and China Unicom.
Verizon and Verizon Wireless together accounted for approximately 28% of our fiscal 2006 revenues,
28% of our fiscal 2005 revenues and 27% of our fiscal 2004 revenues. In addition, the telecom
industry has recently experienced substantial consolidation, as evidenced by the mergers of Sprint
and Nextel, Cingular and AT&T Wireless, SBC Communications and AT&T, Verizon and MCI, and the
pending merger of AT&T and BellSouth. As service providers increase in size, it is possible that
an even greater portion of our revenues will be attributable to a smaller number of large service
providers going forward. Further, our existing customers are typically not obligated to purchase a
certain amount of products or services over any period of time from us and may have the right to
reduce, delay or even cancel previous orders. We, therefore, have difficulty projecting future
revenues from existing customers with certainty. Although historically our customers have not made
sudden supplier changes, our customers could vary, and have varied, their purchases from period to
period, sometimes significantly. Combined with our reliance on a small number of large customers,
this could have an adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and cash flow. In addition, our
concentration of business in the telecommunications service provider industry makes us extremely
vulnerable to downturns or slowdowns in spending in that industry.

The Telecom Industry Fluctuates and Is Affected By Many Factors, Including Decisions By Service
Providers Regarding Their Deployment of Technology and Their Timing of Purchases, as Well as Demand
and Spending for Communications Services By Businesses and Consumers.

After significant deterioration earlier this decade, the global telecom industry stabilized in 2004
and experienced modest growth in 2005 and 2006, as reflected in increased capital expenditures by
service providers and growing demand for telecommunications services. Although we believe the
overall industry will continue to grow, the rate of growth could vary geographically and across
different technologies, and is subject to substantial fluctuations. The specific industry segments
in which we participate may not experience the growth of other segments. In that case, our results
of operations may be adversely affected.

If capital investment by service providers grows at a slower pace than anticipated, our revenues
and profitability may be adversely affected. The level of demand by service providers can change
quickly and can vary over short periods of time, including from month to month. As a result of the
uncertainty and variations in the telecom industry, accurately forecasting revenues, results and
cash flow remains difficult.

18

In addition, our sales volume and product mix affect our gross
margin. Therefore, if reduced demand for our products results in
lower than expected sales volume, or we have an unfavorable product mix, we may
not achieve the gross margin rate we expect, resulting in lower than expected profitability. These
factors may fluctuate from quarter to quarter.

We Have Long-Term Sales Agreements with a Number of Our Large Customers. Some of These Agreements
May Prove Unprofitable As Our Costs and Product Mix Shift Over the Lives of the Agreements.

We have entered into long-term sales agreements with a number of our large customers, and we expect
that we will continue to enter into long-term sales agreements in the future. Some of our existing
sales agreements require us to sell products and services at fixed prices over the lives of the
agreements, and some require, or may in the future require, us to sell products and services that
we would otherwise discontinue, thereby diverting our resources from developing more profitable or
strategically important products. The costs we incur in fulfilling some of our sales agreements
may vary substantially from our initial cost estimates. Any cost overruns that we cannot pass on
to our customers could adversely affect our results of operations.

We Rely on Two Contractors to Provide Most of the Components and Products We Design. If Either of
Them Fails to Deliver Quality Components and Products at Reasonable Prices on a Timely Basis, We
May Not Be Able to Fulfill Our Obligations to Some of Our Customers.

We generally purchase most of the wireless products we design from Celestica, and most of the
wireline products we design from Solectron. If either of them fails to fulfill their obligations
to us, or if we do not properly manage these arrangements, we could fail to perform some of our
obligations to our customers and our customer relationships could suffer. If so, our customers may
make claims against us for which we do not have sufficient recourse against our supplier. In
addition, by limiting the number of our contract manufacturers, we have fewer employees with the
expertise needed to manage these third party arrangements. We provide rolling forecasts to our
contract manufacturers to manage product supplies, but because of market fluctuations, accurate
forecasting is very difficult and we have limited ability to adjust volumes and delivery schedules
to satisfy changes customers could require. We also may experience supply interruptions, cost
escalations and competitive disadvantages if our contract manufacturers fail to develop, implement
or maintain manufacturing methods appropriate for our products and customers.

Our Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans Are Large and Have Funding Requirements That Fluctuate
Based on the Performance of the Financial Markets and the Level of Interest Rates and May Be
Affected By Changes in Legal Requirements. These Plans Are Also Costly, and Our Efforts to Fund or
Control Those Costs May Be Ineffective.

Among other compensation and benefit programs, many of our former and current employees and
retirees in the U.S. participate in one or more of the following benefit plans:

•

management pension plan;

•

occupational pension plan;

•

postretirement health care benefit plan for former management employees; and/or

•

postretirement health care benefit plan for former represented employees.

As described in more detail under the captions “Application of Critical Accounting Estimates —
Pension and postretirement benefits” and “Liquidity and Capital Resources — Future capital
requirements and funding sources” in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations starting on pages F-6 and F-27, respectively, of Exhibit 13 to this
report, the performance of the financial markets, especially the equity markets, and the level of
interest rates, impact the funding obligations for these pension plans. Accordingly, the amounts
we might contribute to these benefit plans are subject to considerable uncertainty. You should
carefully review this discussion in Exhibit 13.

Our U.S. pension plans meet the requirements of ERISA’s current funding rules, and we do not expect
to make any contributions to our qualified U.S. pension plans through 2008. We are unable to
provide an estimate of future funding requirements beyond fiscal 2008 for the pension plans.
However, based on our actuarial projections we believe that it is unlikely that any required contributions would have a material effect on our
liquidity during fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2011.

19

Recent legislative changes, in the form of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the “PPA”), impact
the funding requirements for our U.S. pension plans. The PPA alters the manner in which
liabilities and asset values are determined for the purpose of calculating required pension
contributions and the timing and manner in which required contributions to under-funded pension
plans would be made. These changes could significantly increase the funding requirements for our
U.S. management pension plan and reduce excess pension assets that could be available to fund
retiree health care benefits. Accordingly, the amounts we might contribute to
these benefit plans in the future are subject to considerable uncertainty.

The PPA also provides for what is called a “collectively bargained” transfer under Section 420 of
the Internal Revenue Code, under which pension assets in excess of 120% of pension plan funding
obligations would be available to fund health care costs for our formerly represented retirees.
Together with our unions, we are proposing additional changes to Section 420 as technical
corrections, which would facilitate our ability to provide a collectively bargained level of
retiree health care benefits by using such excess pension assets. With the adoption of the
technical corrections that we are pursuing, we believe it is likely that almost all of the health
care funding required for formerly represented retirees (assuming the present level and structure
of benefits) could be addressed through Section 420 transfers based on current actuarial
assumptions. However, no assurances can be given that we will be successful in our efforts to
obtain these technical corrections. We have amended our collective bargaining agreement to extend
to June 30, 2007 the time period within which the additional changes we are seeking to the PPA must
be obtained. If, by that date, the legislation imposes constraints that would significantly impair
our ability to fund retiree health care costs using excess pension assets, we would have the
ability, at our sole discretion beginning on January 1, 2008, to adjust the level of subsidy we
provide for formerly represented retiree health care.

We have also taken some steps, and expect that we will take additional actions
over time, to reduce the overall cost of our retiree health care benefit plans and the share of
these costs borne by us, consistent with legal requirements and our collective bargaining
obligations. However, the rate of cost increases may exceed our actions to reduce these costs. In
addition, as described in Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Exhibit 13, the
reduction or elimination of retiree health care benefits has led to lawsuits against us. Any other
initiatives that we undertake to control or reduce costs may lead to
additional claims against us.

Many of Our Current and Planned Products Are Highly Complex and May Contain Defects or Errors That
Are Detected Only After Deployment in Telecommunications Networks. If That Occurs, Our Reputation
May Be Harmed.

Our products are highly complex, and there is no assurance that our extensive product development, manufacturing and integration testing is or will be adequate to
detect all defects, errors, failures and quality issues that could affect customer satisfaction or
result in claims against us. As a result, we might have to replace certain
components and/or provide remediation in response to the discovery of defects in products that are
shipped. Most of these occurrences can be rectified without incident, as has generally been the
case historically. However, the occurrence of any defects, errors, failures or quality issues
could result in cancellation of orders, product returns, diversion of our resources, legal actions by customers or customers’ end-users and other losses to us, or to our customers or end-users. These occurrences could also
result in the loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products and loss of sales, which would
harm our business and adversely affect our revenues and profitability.

Rapid Changes to Existing Regulations or Technical Standards or the Implementation of New Ones for
Products and Services Not Previously Regulated Could Be Disruptive, Time-Consuming and Costly to
Us.

We develop many of our products and services based on existing
regulations and technical standards, our interpretation of unfinished
technical standards or the lack of such regulations and standards. Changes to existing regulations
and technical standards, or the implementation of new regulations and technical standards relating
to products and services not previously regulated, could adversely affect our development efforts, by increasing compliance costs and
causing delay. Demand for those products and services could also decline.

20

We Are Involved in Lawsuits, Which, If Determined against Us, Could Require Us to Pay Substantial
Damages.

We are defendants in various lawsuits. These lawsuits include such matters as
commercial disputes, claims regarding intellectual property, product discontinuance, asbestos
claims, labor, employment and benefit claims, shareowner litigation and others. For a discussion
of some of these legal proceedings, you should read Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements in Exhibit 13 to this report. We cannot predict the extent to which any of the pending
or future actions will be resolved in our favor, or whether significant
monetary judgments will be rendered against us. Any material losses resulting
from these claims could adversely affect our profitability and cash flow.

If We Fail to Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights, Our Business and Prospects May Be Harmed.

Intellectual property rights, such as patents, are vital to our business, and developing new products and technologies that are unique to us is critical to our success. We have numerous U.S. and foreign
patents and numerous pending patents. However, we cannot predict whether any patents, issued or
pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or whether such patents
will be challenged by third parties. Moreover, our competitors may
already have applied for patents that, once issued, could prevail over our patent rights, or otherwise limit our ability to sell our
products. Our competitors also may attempt to design
around our patents or copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary
technology. In addition, patent applications that we have currently pending may not be granted. If we do not receive the patents that
we seek or if other problems arise with our intellectual property, our competitiveness could be significantly impaired, which would limit our future
revenues and harm our prospects.

We Are Subject to Intellectual Property Litigation and Infringement Claims, Which Could Cause Us to
Incur Significant Expenses or Prevent Us from Selling Certain Products.

From time to time, we receive notices or claims from third parties of potential
infringement in connection with products or services. We also may receive such
notices or claims when we attempt to license our intellectual property to
others. Intellectual property litigation can be costly and time-consuming and can divert the
attention of management and key personnel from other business issues. The complexity of the
technology involved and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation increase these risks.
A successful claim by a third party of patent or other intellectual property infringement by us could compel us to enter into costly royalty or license agreements
or force us to pay significant damages and could even require us to stop selling certain products. Further, if one of our important patents or other intellectual property rights is invalidated, we may suffer losses of
licensing revenues and be prevented from attempting to block others, including competitors, from
using the related technology.

We Are Subject to Environmental, Health and Safety Laws that Restrict Our Operations.

Our operations are subject to a wide range of environmental, health and safety laws, including laws
relating to the use, disposal and clean-up of, and human exposure to, hazardous substances. In the
U.S., these laws often require parties to fund remedial action regardless of fault. Although we
believe our reserves are adequate to cover our environmental liabilities, factors such as the
discovery of additional contaminants, the extent of required remediation and the imposition of
additional clean-up obligations could cause our capital expenditures and other expenses relating to
remediation activities to exceed the amount reflected in our environmental reserve and adversely
affect our results of operations and cash flows. Compliance with existing or future environmental,
health and safety laws could subject us to future liabilities, cause the suspension of production,
restrict our ability to utilize facilities or require us to acquire costly pollution control
equipment or incur other significant expenses.

21

Our Business Requires a Significant Amount of Cash, and We May Require Additional Sources of Funds
if Our Sources of Liquidity Are Unavailable or Insufficient to Fund Our Operations.

Our working capital requirements and cash flows
have historically been, and are expected to continue
to be, subject to quarterly and yearly fluctuations, depending on a number of factors. If we are unable
to manage fluctuations in cash flow, our business, operating results and
financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Factors which could lead us to suffer
cash flow fluctuations include:

•

the level of sales;

•

the collection of receivables;

•

the timing and size of capital expenditures;

•

costs associated with potential restructuring actions; and

•

customer financing obligations.

In order to finance our business, we
expect that we will use available cash and
investments and will have access to a syndicated credit facility allowing for the drawdown of
significant levels of debt if required. However, we expect that our ability to draw on this facility will be conditioned upon compliance with financial
covenants. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance with the
financial covenants required by our lenders at all times in the future.

We may need to secure additional sources of funding if the syndicated credit facility and
borrowings are not available or are insufficient to finance our business. We cannot provide any assurance that such funding will be available on terms
satisfactory to us. If we were to incur high levels of debt,
this would require a larger portion of operating cash flow to be used to pay principal and interest
on the indebtedness. The increased use of cash to pay indebtedness could leave us with
insufficient funds to finance our operating activities, such as research and development expenses
and capital expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Alcatel-Lucent’s expected short-term debt
rating will allow us limited access to
the commercial paper market, although the commercial paper market may not be available to us on acceptable
terms and conditions. Alcatel-Lucent’s ability to have access to the
capital markets and its financing costs will be, in part, dependent on Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s
or similar agencies’ ratings with respect to its debt and corporate credit and their outlook with
respect to Alcatel-Lucent’s business. Alcatel-Lucent’s expected short-term and long-term credit
ratings, as well as any possible future lowering of its ratings, may result in higher financing
costs and reduced access to the capital markets. We cannot provide any assurance that
Alcatel-Lucent’s credit ratings will be sufficient to give us access to the capital markets
on acceptable terms, or that once obtained, such credit ratings will not be reduced by Standard &
Poor’s, Moody’s or similar rating agencies.

Credit and Commercial Risks and Exposures Could Increase If the Financial Condition of Our
Customers Declines.

A substantial portion of our sales are to customers in the telecom industry. These customers may
require their suppliers to provide extended payment terms, direct loans or other forms of financial
support as a condition to obtaining commercial contracts. We expect that we may provide or commit
to financing where appropriate for our business. Our ability to arrange or provide financing for
our customers will depend on a number of factors, including our and Alcatel-Lucent’s credit
ratings, levels of available credit, and abilities to sell off commitments on acceptable terms.

More generally, we expect that we will routinely enter into long-term contracts involving
significant amounts to be paid by our customers over time. Pursuant to these contracts, we may
deliver products and services representing an important portion of the contract price before
receiving any significant payment from the customer.

As a result of the financing that may be provided to customers and our commercial risk exposure
under long-term contracts, our business could be adversely affected if the financial condition of
our customers erodes. Over the past few years, certain of our customers have filed with the courts seeking protection under
the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of the applicable

22

jurisdiction, or have experienced
financial difficulties. Upon the financial failure of a customer, we may
experience losses on credit extended and loans made to such customer, losses relating to commercial
risk exposure, and the loss of the customer’s ongoing business. If customers fail to meet their
obligations to us, we may experience reduced cash flows and losses in excess of
reserves, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations and financial position.

We
Have Significant International Operations and a Significant Amount of
Our Sales Are Made in Emerging Markets and Regions.

In addition to the currency risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations
are subject to a variety of risks arising out of the economy, the political outlook and the
language and cultural barriers in countries where we have operations or do business.

We expect to continue to focus on expanding business in emerging markets in Asia, Africa and Latin
America. In many of these emerging markets, we may be faced with several risks
that are more significant than in other countries. These risks include economies that may be
dependent on only a few products and are therefore subject to
significant fluctuations, weak legal
systems which may affect our ability to enforce contractual rights, possible exchange controls,
unstable governments, privatization actions or other government actions affecting the flow of goods
and currency.

We are required to move products from one country to another and provide services in one country
from a base in another. Accordingly, we are vulnerable to abrupt changes in customs and tax
regimes that may have significant negative impacts on our financial condition and operating
results.

An Impairment of Goodwill or Other Intangible Assets Would Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
or Results of Operation.

We have a significant amount of intangible assets including goodwill and other acquired
intangibles, development costs for software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed and internal
use software development costs as of September 30, 2006. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested
for impairment annually, or more often, if an event or circumstance indicates that an impairment
loss may have been incurred. Other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over
their estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment whenever events such as product
discontinuances, plant closures, product dispositions or other changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

Historically, we have recognized significant impairment charges due to various reasons, including
some of those noted above as well as potential restructuring actions or adverse market conditions
that are either specific to the telecom industry or general in nature. As a result, additional
impairment charges may be incurred in the future that could be significant and that could have an
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.