In addition to the other information contained in this
Form 10-K, the
following risk factors should be considered carefully in
evaluating Southwest’s business. The Company’s
business, financial condition, or results of operations could be
materially adversely affected by any of these risks. Please note
that additional risks not presently known to the Company or that
the Company currently deems immaterial may also impair its
business and operations.

 Southwest’s business is dependent on the price and
 availability of aircraft fuel.

The cost of fuel is largely unpredictable, and has a significant
impact on the Company’s operating results. Also,
significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel could
have a negative impact on the Company’s operations and
operating results. Due to the competitive nature of the airline
industry, the Company generally has not been able to increase
fares when fuel prices have risen in the past and the Company
may not be able to do so in the future. From time to time the
Company enters into hedging arrangements to protect against
rising fuel costs. Changes in the Company’s overall fuel
hedging strategy, the continued ability of the commodities used
in fuel hedging (principally crude oil, heating oil, and
unleaded gasoline) to qualify for special hedge accounting, and
the continued effectiveness of the Company’s fuel hedges
pursuant to highly complex accounting rules, are all significant
factors impacting the Company’s operating results. For more
information on Southwest’s fuel hedging arrangements, see
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations,” and Note 10 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Southwest’s business is labor-intensive.

Historically, the Company’s relationships with its
Employees have been very good. However, the results of labor
contract negotiations (approximately 82% of the Company’s
Employees are represented for collective bargaining purposes by
labor unions), Employee hiring and retention rates, and costs
for health care are items with potentially significant impact on
the Company’s operating results.

6

Table of Contents

 Southwest relies on technology to operate its business and
 any failure of these systems could harm the Company’s
 business.

Southwest is increasingly dependent on automated systems and
technology to operate its business, enhance Customer service,
and increase Employee productivity, including the Company’s
computerized airline reservation system, flight operations
systems, telecommunication systems, website, Automated Boarding
Passes system, and the RAPID CHECK-IN self service kiosks. Any
disruptions in these systems due to internal failures of
technology or large-scale external interruptions in technology
infrastructure, such as power, telecommunications, or the
internet, could result in the loss of revenue or important data,
increase the Company’s expenses, and generally harm the
Company’s business.

 The travel industry continues to face on-going security
 concerns and cost burdens.

The attacks of September 11, 2001 materially impacted, and
continue to impact, air travel and the results of operations for
Southwest and the airline industry generally. Substantially all
security screeners at airports are now federal employees and
significant other elements of airline and airport security are
now overseen and performed by federal employees, including
federal security managers, federal law enforcement officers, and
federal air marshals. Enhanced security procedures, including
enhanced security screening of passengers, baggage, cargo, mail,
employees and vendors, introduced at airports since the
terrorist attacks of September 11 have increased costs to
airlines.

Additional terrorist attacks, even if not made directly on the
airline industry, or the fear of such attacks (including
elevated national threat warnings or selective cancellation or
redirection of flights due to terror threats) could negatively
affect Southwest and the airline industry. The war in Iraq
further decreased demand for air travel during the first half of
2003, and additional international hostilities could potentially
have a material adverse impact on the Company’s results of
operations.

 Insurance cost increases or reductions in insurance
 coverage may adversely impact the Company’s operations and
 financial results.

The Company carries insurance for public liability, passenger
liability, property damage, and all-risk coverage for damage to
its aircraft. The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001
led to a significant increase in insurance premiums and a
decrease in the insurance coverage available to commercial
airline carriers. Accordingly, the Company’s insurance
costs increased significantly. The federal Homeland Security Act
of 2002 requires the federal government to provide third party,
passenger, and hull war-risk insurance coverage to commercial
carriers through a period of time that has now been extended to
December 31, 2006. If the federal insurance program
terminates, the Company would likely face a material increase in
the cost of war risk insurance.

 Changes in or additional government regulation could
 increase the Company’s operating costs or limit the
 Company’s ability to conduct business.

Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory requirements. These
requirements often impose substantial costs on airlines.
Additional laws, regulations, taxes, and airport rates and
charges have been proposed from time to time that could
significantly increase the Company’s costs or reduce
revenues.

 The airline industry is intensely competitive.

The airline industry is extremely competitive. Southwest’s
competitors include other major domestic airlines as well as
regional and new entrant airlines, and other forms of
transportation, including rail and private automobiles. The
Company’s revenues are sensitive to the actions of other
carriers in the areas of capacity, pricing, scheduling,
codesharing, and promotions. Additional mergers and acquisitions
in the airline industry, and airline restructuring through
bankruptcy may make other carriers more competitive with the
Company.

 Disruptions to operations due to factors beyond
 Southwest’s control could adversely affect the
 Company.

Like all other airlines, Southwest is subject to delays caused
by factors beyond its control, including adverse weather
conditions, air traffic congestion at airports, and increased
security measures. Delays frustrate passengers, reduce aircraft
utilization, and increase costs, all of which negatively affect
profitability. During snow, rain, fog, storms, or other adverse
weather conditions, flights may be cancelled or significantly
delayed. Catastrophic weather conditions such as hurricanes may
disrupt operations, and revenues, for a substantial period of
time.

7

Table of Contents

 Southwest’s low cost structure is one of its primary
 competitive advantages and many factors could affect the
 Company’s ability to control its costs.

Factors affecting the Company’s ability to control its
costs include the price and availability of fuel, results of
Employee labor contract negotiations, Employee hiring and
retention rates, costs for health care, capacity decisions by
the Company and its competitors, unscheduled required aircraft
airframe or engine repairs, regulatory requirements,
availability of capital markets, and future financing decisions
made by the Company.