General Company Risk Factors 

The Company’s business has continued to be significantly impacted by fuel prices, which can be extremely volatile; therefore, the Company’s strategic plans and future profitability are
likely to be impacted by the Company’s ability to effectively address fuel prices. 

Fuel price volatility
continues to present one of the Company’s most significant challenges, as (i) the cost of fuel, which has been at historically high levels over the last few years, is largely unpredictable; and (ii) airlines are inherently dependent
upon energy to operate; therefore, even a small change in market fuel prices can significantly affect profitability. Fuel prices are unpredictable, in part, because of many external factors that are beyond the Company’s control. For example,
fuel prices can be impacted by political and economic factors, such as (i) dependency on foreign imports of crude oil and the potential for hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas; (ii) limited refining capacity;
(iii) changes in governmental policies on fuel production, transportation, and marketing; and (iv) changes in exchange rates. Likewise, the Company’s ability to react to fuel price volatility can be affected by factors outside of its
control. For example, the Company’s profitability is affected in part by its ability to increase fares in reaction to fuel price increases; however, fare increases are difficult to implement in difficult economic environments when low fares are
often used to stimulate traffic. The Company’s ability to increase fares can also be limited by factors such as its low fares reputation, the portion of its Customer base that purchases travel for leisure purposes, the competitive nature of the
airline industry generally, and the risk that higher fares will drive a decrease in demand. 

Jet fuel and oil consumed for
2010 and 2009 represented approximately 33 percent and 30 percent of the Company’s operating expenses, respectively, and constituted the second largest expense incurred by the Company in both years. As a result, the price of fuel has impacted,
and could continue to impact, the timing and nature of the Company’s growth plans and strategic initiatives. 

17 

Table of Contents

As discussed above under “Company Operations – Impact of Fuel Costs,” the
Company has historically entered into fuel derivative contracts to protect against rising fuel costs; however, because energy prices can fluctuate significantly in a relatively short amount of time, the Company must also continually monitor and
adjust its fuel hedge portfolio and strategies to address fuel price volatility. These types of adjustments in the Company’s overall fuel hedging strategy, as well as the ability of the commodities used in fuel hedging (principally crude oil,
heating oil, and unleaded gasoline) to qualify for special hedge accounting, have historically significantly affected, and are likely to continue to affect, the Company’s results of operations. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
able to continue to cost-effectively hedge against increases in fuel prices. The Company’s fuel hedging arrangements and the impact of hedge accounting on the Company’s results of operations are discussed in more detail under
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions; a return of unfavorable economic conditions or an increase in economic uncertainty could negatively affect the
Company’s results of operations. 

The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic
conditions, which affect Customer travel patterns and related revenues. For example, during 2008 and most of 2009, the Company’s results of operations were negatively affected when unfavorable U.S. economic conditions drove changes in travel
patterns and resulted in reduced spending for both leisure and business travel. For some consumers, leisure travel was an expendable discretionary expense, and short-haul travelers had the option to replace air travel with surface travel. Businesses
were able to forego air travel by using communication alternatives such as videoconferencing and the Internet or were more likely to purchase less expensive tickets to reduce costs, which can result in a decrease in average revenue per seat.
Unfavorable economic conditions also hampered the ability of airlines to raise fares to counteract increased fuel, labor, and other costs. Although U.S. economic conditions improved during 2010, some uncertainty has remained. A return to unfavorable
economic conditions, or even an increase in economic uncertainty, could again negatively affect the Company’s results of operations and could cause the Company to adjust its business strategies. 

The Company’s low cost structure is one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors could affect the
Company’s ability to control its costs. 

The Company’s low cost structure has historically been one of its
primary competitive advantages, as it has enabled the Company to offer low fares, drive traffic volume, and grow market share. The Company’s low cost structure has become increasingly important as the Company has controlled capacity growth.
While the Company has in the past been able to cover increasing costs through growth, the combination of capacity control and increasing costs has contributed to an increase in the Company’s costs per available seat mile. The Company has
limited control, however, over increases in many of its costs. For example, the Company has limited control over costs associated with fuel, labor, aircraft airframe and engine repairs, and regulatory compliance. Jet fuel and oil constituted
approximately 33 percent of the Company’s operating expenses during 2010, and the cost of fuel is subject to the external factors discussed in the first Risk Factor above. Salaries, wages, and benefits constituted approximately 33 percent of
the Company’s operating expenses during 2010. The Company’s ability to control labor costs is limited by the terms of its collective bargaining agreements, and increased labor costs have impacted the Company’s low cost competitive
position. As discussed further under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” the Company’s unionized workforce, which makes up the majority of its Employees, have had pay scale
increases as a result of increased seniority and contractual rate increases. In addition, as discussed under “Business-Regulation,” the airline industry is heavily regulated, and the Company’s regulatory compliance costs are subject
to potentially significant increases from time to time based on actions by the regulatory agencies. Furthermore, when other airlines reduce their capacity, airports costs are then allocated among a fewer number of total flights, which has resulted
in increased landing fees and other costs for the Company. The Company is also reliant upon third party vendors and service providers, and its low cost advantage is also dependent in part on its ability to obtain and maintain commercially reasonable
terms with those parties. 

18 

Table of Contents

As discussed above under “Business-Insurance,” the Company carries insurance of
types customary in the airline industry and is also provided supplemental, first-party, war-risk insurance coverage by the federal government at substantially lower premiums than prevailing commercial rates. If the supplemental coverage is not
extended, the Company could incur substantially higher insurance costs. In addition, in the event of an accident or other incident involving Company aircraft, the Company could be responsible for costs in excess of its related insurance coverage,
which costs could be substantial. Any aircraft accident or other incident, even if fully insured, could also have a material adverse effect on the public’s perception of the Company. 

The Company cannot guarantee it will be able to maintain its current level of low cost advantage. In response to volatile fuel prices and
the recent economic downturn, some of the Company’s competitors have taken additional efficiency and cost reduction measures, such as capacity cuts and headcount reductions, which have reduced the Company’s cost advantage. Prior to the
recent economic downturn, some of the Company’s competitors took advantage of reorganization in bankruptcy, and even the threat of bankruptcy, to decrease operating costs through renegotiated labor, supply, and financing agreements. In
addition, some airlines have consolidated and reported resulting significant expected cost synergies. 

The
Company’s results of operations could be adversely impacted if it is unable to grow or to timely and effectively implement its revenue and other initiatives. 

The Company has historically been regarded as a growth airline; however, the combination of a difficult economic environment and growing costs led to the Company’s decision to curtail organic growth
during 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010 and for the indefinite future. In addition, organic growth has become increasingly difficult, because (i) the number of domestic opportunities has declined, (ii) the Company currently does not operate
internationally, and (iii) the Company is facing an increased presence of other low cost carriers. As a result, the Company has become increasingly reliant on the success of revenue initiatives to help offset increasing costs and to continue to
improve Customer Service. The timely and effective implementation of these initiatives has involved, and will continue to involve, significant investments by the Company of time and money and could be impacted by (i) the Company’s ability
to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain related information technology systems and infrastructure; (ii) the Company’s ability to effectively balance its investment of incremental operating expenses and capital
expenditures related to its initiatives against the need to effectively control costs; and (iii) the Company’s dependence on third parties to assist with implementation of its initiatives. The Company cannot ensure the timing of
implementation of certain of its initiatives or that they will be successful or profitable either over the short or long term. 

The Company is increasingly dependent on technology to operate its business and continues to implement substantial changes to its
information systems; any failure or disruption in the Company’s information systems could materially adversely affect the Company’s operations. 

The Company is increasingly dependent on the use of complex technology and systems to run its ongoing operations, as well as to support its initiatives. As discussed above under “Business –
Operating Strategies and Initiatives – Management Information Systems,” during 2010, the Company continued its commitment to technology improvements to support its ongoing operations and initiatives. Among other things, the Company
completed the implementation of a new SAP Enterprise Resource Planning application, which replaced several of the Company’s back office legacy systems such as the general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, benefits, cash
management, and fixed asset systems. The Company has also invested in significant technology changes necessary to support its new Rapid Rewards frequent flyer program, enhanced southwest.com website, and WiFi implementation. In addition, the Company
has announced its intent to replace its reservation system. Integration of complex systems and technology presents significant challenges in terms of costs, human resources, and development of effective internal controls. Integration also presents
the risk of operational or security inadequacy or interruption, which could materially affect the Company’s ability to effectively operate its business. The Company is also reliant upon third party performance for timely and effective
completion of many of its technology initiatives. 

19 

Table of Contents

In the ordinary course of business, the Company’s systems will continue to require
modification and refinements to address growth and changing business requirements. The Company’s operations could be adversely affected if it is unable to timely or effectively modify its systems as necessary. 

Instability of credit, capital, and energy markets can result in pressure on the Company’s credit ratings and can also
negatively impact the Company’s ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms and the Company’s liquidity generally. 

During 2009, the Company’s credit ratings were pressured by weak industry revenue and the volatile fuel price environment. While the Company’s credit rating is “investment grade,”
factors such as future unfavorable economic conditions, a significant decline in demand for air travel, or instability of the credit and capital markets could result in future pressure on credit ratings, which could negatively impact (i) the
Company’s ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms, (ii) the Company’s liquidity generally, and (iii) the availability and cost of insurance. A credit rating downgrade would subject the Company to credit rating triggers
related to its credit card transaction processing agreements, the pricing related to any funds drawn under its revolving credit facility, and some of its hedging counterparty agreements. The potential effect of credit rating downgrades is discussed
in more detail under “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” 

The Company is currently
dependent on single aircraft and engine suppliers; therefore, the Company would be materially adversely affected if it were unable to obtain additional equipment or support from either of these suppliers or in the event of a mechanical or regulatory
issue associated with their equipment. 

The Company is dependent on Boeing as its sole supplier for aircraft and many
of its aircraft parts. Although the Company is able to purchase some of these aircraft from parties other than Boeing, most of its purchases are directly from Boeing. Therefore, if the Company were unable to acquire additional aircraft from Boeing,
or Boeing were unable or unwilling to provide adequate support for its products, the Company’s operations would be materially adversely affected. In addition, the Company would be materially adversely affected in the event of a mechanical or
regulatory issue associated with the Boeing 737 aircraft type, whether as a result of downtime for part or all of the Company’s fleet or because of a negative perception by the flying public. The Company believes, however, that its years of
experience with the Boeing 737 aircraft type, as well as the efficiencies it currently achieves by operating a single fleet type, currently outweigh the risks associated with its single aircraft strategy. The Company is also dependent on a sole
supplier for aircraft engines and would therefore also be materially adversely affected in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with its engines. 

The Company’s business is labor intensive; therefore, the Company would be adversely affected if it were unable to maintain satisfactory relations with its Employees or its Employees’
Representatives. 

The airline business is labor intensive. Salaries, wages, and benefits represented approximately 33
percent of the Company’s operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2010. In addition, as of December 31, 2010, approximately 82 percent of the Company’s Employees were represented for collective bargaining purposes by
labor unions, making the Company particularly exposed in the event of labor-related job actions. Employment-related issues that may impact the Company’s results of operations, some of which are negotiated items, include hiring/retention rates,
pay rates, outsourcing costs, work rules, and health care costs. The Company has historically maintained positive relationships with its Employees and its Employees’ Representatives; however, new labor contracts contribute to the Company’s
cost pressures. Increasing labor costs, combined with curtailed growth, could negatively impact the Company’s competitive position. In addition, if the Company is successful in its efforts to acquire AirTran, Employee integration could be
difficult, which could negatively affect the Company’s historically positive Employee culture. 

20 

Table of Contents

The airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens;
further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, or other hostilities, could significantly harm the airline industry and the Company’s operations. 

Terrorist attacks and threatened attacks have from time to time materially impacted the demand for air travel and have also resulted in increased safety and security costs for the Company and the airline
industry generally. Safety measures create delays and inconveniences and can, in particular, reduce the Company’s competitiveness against surface transportation for short-haul routes. Additional terrorist attacks, even if not made directly on
the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks or other hostilities (including elevated national threat warnings or selective cancellation or redirection of flights due to terror threats) would likely have a further significant negative impact on
the Company and the airline industry. 

Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies could limit
the Company’s growth; changes in or additional governmental regulation could increase the Company’s operating costs or otherwise limit the Company’s ability to conduct business. 

Almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state governments. Airlines are largely dependent
on these governmental entities to provide adequate airport facilities and capacity at an affordable cost. Similarly, the federal government singularly controls all U.S. airspace, and airlines are completely dependent on the FAA to operate that
airspace in a safe, efficient, and affordable manner. As discussed above under “Business — Regulation,” airlines are also subject to other extensive regulatory requirements. These requirements often impose substantial costs on
airlines. The Company’s results of operations may be affected by changes in law and future actions taken by governmental agencies having jurisdiction over its operations, including, but not limited to: 

•

 Increases in airport rates and charges; 

•

 Limitations on airport gate capacity or other use of airport facilities; 

•

 Actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining access at slot-controlled airports; 

•

 Changes to environmental regulations; 

•

 Increases in taxes; 

•

 Changes to laws that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports;

•

 Restrictions on competitive practices; 

•

 Changes in laws that increase costs for safety, security, or other Customer Service standards; and 

•

 The adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise regulations. 

Because expenses of a flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of
passengers can have a disproportionate effect on an airline’s operating and financial results. Therefore, any general reduction in airline passenger traffic as a result of any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the
Company’s results of operations. In addition, when the airline industry shrinks, airport operating costs are essentially unchanged and must be shared by the remaining operating carriers, which can therefore increase the Company’s costs.

The airline industry is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control, which can impact the Company’s
business strategies. 

In addition to the unpredictable economic conditions and fuel costs discussed above, the
Company, like the airline industry in general, is impacted by conditions that are largely unforeseeable and outside of its control, including, among others: 

•

 Adverse weather and natural disasters; 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 Outbreaks of disease; 

•

 Changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns, or demographic trends; 

•

 Actual or potential disruptions in the air traffic control system; 

•

 Changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, industry bankruptcies, and other factors; 

•

 Air traffic congestion and other air traffic control issues; and 

•

 Actual or threatened war, terrorist attacks, and political instability. 

The airline industry is intensely competitive. 

As discussed in more detail above under “Business — Competition,” the airline industry is intensely competitive. The Company’s competitors include other major domestic airlines, as
well as regional and new entrant airlines, surface transportation, and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing and the Internet. The Company’s revenues are sensitive to the actions of other carriers with respect to capacity,
pricing, routes, scheduling, Customer Service, cost structure, and codesharing and similar activities. 

 Related to the
Company’s Proposed Acquisition of AirTran 

On September 26, 2010, the Company entered into a merger agreement
providing for the Company’s acquisition of AirTran. Set forth below are risk factors related to the merger. 

The
merger is subject to the receipt of consents and clearances from regulatory authorities that may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on the Company or that could delay or, if not obtained, could prevent completion of the merger.

Before the merger may be completed, applicable waiting periods must expire or terminate under antitrust laws and
various approvals, consents or clearances may be required to be obtained from regulatory entities. In deciding whether to grant antitrust or regulatory clearances, the relevant governmental entities will consider the effect of the merger on
competition within their relevant jurisdictions. The terms and conditions of the approvals that are granted may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of the Company’s business following the merger. There
can be no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or imposing additional
material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the Company following the merger. In addition, there can be no assurance that any such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the merger.

Any delay in completing the merger may reduce or eliminate the benefits expected to be achieved thereunder.

In addition to the required regulatory clearances and approval by AirTran’s stockholders, the merger is subject
to a number of other conditions beyond the Company’s and AirTran’s control that may prevent, delay or otherwise materially adversely affect its completion. The Company cannot predict whether and when these other conditions will be
satisfied. Furthermore, the requirements for obtaining the required clearances and approvals could delay the completion of the merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Any delay in completing the merger could cause the
Company not to realize some or all of the synergies and other benefits that it expects to achieve if the merger is successfully completed within its expected time frame. 

Uncertainties associated with the merger may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees of AirTran which could adversely affect the future business and operations of the Company
following the merger. 

The Company and AirTran are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of their
officers and other key employees to execute their business plans. The Company’s success after the merger will depend in part 

22 

Table of Contents

upon its ability to retain key management personnel and other key employees of AirTran. Current and prospective employees of AirTran may experience uncertainty about their roles within the
Company following the merger, which may have an adverse effect on the ability of the Company to retain key management and other key personnel. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to retain key management personnel
and other key employees of AirTran. 

Several lawsuits have been filed against the Company and AirTran challenging the
merger, and one or more adverse rulings may prevent the merger from being completed. 

The Company and AirTran, as well
as certain officers of AirTran and the members of AirTran’s board of directors, were named as defendants in several lawsuits brought by AirTran stockholders challenging the proposed merger and seeking, among other things, injunctive relief to
enjoin the defendants from completing the merger on the agreed-upon terms. Additional lawsuits may be filed against the Company, AirTran, or the directors and officers of either company in connection with the merger. These lawsuits are discussed in
more detail below under “Item 3. Legal Proceedings.” 

One of the conditions to the closing of the merger is that no
order issued by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or law or other legal restraint or prohibition making the merger illegal or permanently restraining, enjoining, or otherwise prohibiting or preventing the consummation of the merger
or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement be in effect. Consequently, if the plaintiffs secure injunctive or other relief prohibiting, delaying, or otherwise adversely affecting the defendants’ ability to complete the
merger, then such injunctive or other relief may prevent the merger from becoming effective within the expected time frame or at all. 

While the Company believes that each of the four currently pending lawsuits is without merit, the parties to two of such suits entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) on
January 26, 2011 to settle those lawsuits. The settlement provides for the inclusion of additional disclosures with respect to various aspects of the merger in the proxy statement/prospectus to be sent to AirTran stockholders soliciting
approval of the merger. In addition, it provides for the payment of plaintiffs’ attorneys’ fees and expenses, subject to court approval. The MOU further provides that the parties will enter into a stipulation of settlement which will
provide, among other things, for the conditional certification of a settlement class. The MOU and stipulation of settlement are subject to various conditions, including court approval following notice to AirTran stockholders, completion of certain
discovery, and consummation of the merger. If the settlement is finally approved, it will resolve and release on behalf of the entire class of AirTran stockholders, all claims that were or could have been brought challenging any aspect of the
merger, the merger agreement, and any disclosure made in connection therewith, among other claims. 

Failure to complete
the merger could negatively impact the stock price and the future business and financial results of the Company. 

If
the merger is not completed, the ongoing business of the Company may be adversely affected, and the Company will be subject to several risks, including the following: 

•

 having to pay certain costs relating to the merger, such as legal, accounting, financial advisor and printing fees; and 

•

 having had the focus of Company management on the merger instead of on pursuing other opportunities that could have been beneficial to the Company.

If the merger is not completed, there can be no assurance that these risks will not materialize and will
not materially adversely affect the business, financial results and stock price of the Company. 

23 

Table of Contents

The Company may be unable to integrate AirTran’s business successfully and
realize the anticipated benefits of the merger. 

The merger involves the combination of two companies that currently
operate as independent public companies. In addition, as discussed above under “Business – Company Operations – Cost Structure,” a key component of the Company’s current business strategy is its low cost structure, which is,
in part, facilitated by the Company’s reliance upon a single aircraft type. The Company will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of AirTran. Potential
difficulties the Company may encounter as part of the integration process include the following: 

•

 the inability to successfully combine the AirTran business with that of the Company in a manner that permits the Company to achieve the net synergies
and other benefits anticipated to result from the merger; 

•

 the challenges associated with operating an aircraft type new to the Company, the Boeing 717; 

•

 the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, aircraft fleets, networks and other assets of the Company in a seamless manner that minimizes
any adverse impact on Customers, suppliers, Employees, and other constituencies; 

•

 integrating the Company’s workforce while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality Customer Service; and

•

 potential unknown liabilities, liabilities that are significantly larger than the Company currently anticipates and unforeseen increased expenses or
delays associated with the merger, including one-time cash costs to integrate AirTran’s business that may exceed the approximately $500 million of one-time acquisition and integration costs that the Company currently anticipates.

In addition, the Company and AirTran have operated and, until the completion of the merger, will continue
to operate independently. It is possible that the integration process could result in: 

•

 diversion of the attention of the Company’s management and other employees; and 

•

 the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, the Company’s ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies,

any of which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers,
employees and other constituencies or the Company’s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger or could reduce the Company’s earnings or otherwise adversely affect the business and financial results of the Company following
the merger. 

The need to integrate AirTran’s workforce following the merger presents the potential for delay in
achieving expected synergies and other benefits, increased labor costs or labor disputes that could adversely affect the Company’s operations. 

The successful integration of AirTran and achievement of the anticipated benefits of the merger depend significantly on integrating AirTran’s employees into the Company and on maintaining productive
employee relations. Failure to do so presents the potential for delays in achieving expected synergies and other benefits of integration, increased labor costs and labor disputes that could adversely affect the Company’s operations. The Company
and AirTran are both highly unionized companies. The process for integrating labor groups in an airline merger is governed by a combination of the Railway Labor Act (“RLA”), the McCaskill-Bond Act, and where applicable, the existing
provisions of each company’s collective bargaining agreements and union policies. Under the McCaskill-Bond Act, seniority integration must be accomplished in a “fair and equitable” manner consistent with the process set forth in
Sections 3 and 13 of the Allegheny-Mohawk Labor Protective Provisions. 

24 

Table of Contents

Such process consists first of direct negotiations between the incumbent unions with the assistance of the companies and second, if integration cannot be achieved through agreement, submitting
the seniority integration to binding arbitration by a neutral arbitrator. For employee groups having the same representative at both carriers, the McCaskill-Bond Act provides that seniority integration be accomplished pursuant to the union’s
internal policies if such policies exist, which may, depending upon the internal policies, require arbitration. Employee dissatisfaction with the results of the seniority integration may lead to litigation or arbitration, which in some cases could
delay implementation. 

Under the RLA, the National Mediation Board (“NMB”) has exclusive authority to resolve
representation disputes arising out of airline mergers. The disputes that the NMB has authority to resolve include (i) whether the merger has created a “single transportation system” for representation purposes;
(ii) determination of the appropriate “craft or class” for representational purposes, including a determination of which positions are to be included within a particular craft or class; and (iii) certification of the system-wide
representative organization, if any, for each craft or class at the Company following the merger. 

Pending operational
integration, it will be necessary to maintain a “fence” between employee groups, during which time the Company and AirTran will keep the employee groups separate, each carrier applying the terms of its own existing collective bargaining
agreements, unless other terms have been negotiated. Before full integration of the employee groups, the Company may also seek to negotiate transition agreements with its unions that modify existing collective bargaining agreements to address
circumstances unique to the transition process. 

Prior to the completion of the merger, there is a risk of litigation or
arbitration by unions or individual employees that could result in monetary damages on the basis that the merger either violates a provision of an existing collective bargaining agreement or an obligation under the RLA or other applicable law. The
unions or individual employees might also pursue judicial or arbitral claims arising out of changes implemented as a result of the merger. 

There is also a possibility that employees or unions could engage in job actions such as slow-downs, work-to-rule campaigns, sick-outs or other actions designed to disrupt the Company’s or
AirTran’s normal operations, whether in opposition to the merger or in an attempt to pressure the companies in collective bargaining negotiations. Although the RLA generally makes such actions unlawful until the parties have been lawfully
released by the NMB to pursue self-help, and the Company and AirTran might be able to seek injunctive relief or other remedies against premature self-help, such actions could cause significant harm even if the Company or AirTran were ultimately to
be successful. 

The Company will assume AirTran’s indebtedness upon consummation of the merger, which additional
indebtedness may limit the Company’s financial and operating flexibility following the merger. 

Upon consummation
of the merger, the Company will assume or be indirectly responsible for AirTran’s outstanding indebtedness and become subject to the operating restrictions under the debt instruments governing such indebtedness. AirTran has significant
indebtedness and other commitments including aircraft purchase commitments, significant debt and lease obligations related to existing purchased and leased aircraft, and debt and lease obligations for existing and planned operating facilities.
The increased indebtedness of the Company following the merger may: 

•

 require a substantial portion of cash flows from operations for debt service payments and operating lease payments, thereby reducing the availability
of the Company’s cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 limit the Company’s ability to obtain additional financing for aircraft purchases, capital expenditures, working capital or general corporate
purposes; 

25 

Table of Contents

•

 limit the Company’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the airline industry and, consequently, negatively
affect the Company’s competitive position; and 

•

 negatively impact the Company’s existing credit ratings, including resulting in a downgrade or negative outlook. 

In addition, covenants in the debt instruments governing this indebtedness may limit how the Company conducts its business following the
merger. 

The combined company’s ability to use AirTran’s net operating loss carryforwards to offset future
taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be limited as a result of the merger, or if taxable income does not reach sufficient levels. 

As of December 31, 2010, AirTran had federal net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) of approximately $477 million available to offset future taxable income, which are not currently
subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”). The NOLs expire between 2017 and 2030. 

The combined company’s ability to utilize the AirTran NOLs may be limited if AirTran undergoes an “ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the Code. An ownership change could
be triggered by substantial changes in the ownership of the outstanding stock of AirTran. An ownership change would occur if certain stockholders increase their aggregate percentage ownership of AirTran stock by more than 50 percentage points over
their lowest percentage ownership at any time during the testing period, which is generally the three-year period preceding any potential ownership change. The merger is currently expected to result in an ownership change of AirTran for purposes of
Section 382 of the Code. 

Section 382 of the Code imposes an annual limitation on the amount of post-ownership
change taxable income that may be offset with pre-ownership change NOLs of the corporation that experiences an ownership change. The limitation imposed by Section 382 of the Code for any post-ownership change year generally would be determined
by multiplying the value of such corporation’s stock immediately before the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Any unused annual limitation may, subject to certain limits, be carried over to later years, and the
limitation may under certain circumstances be increased by built-in gains or reduced by built-in losses in the assets held by such corporation at the time of the ownership change. The combined company’s use of NOLs arising after the date of an
ownership change would not be limited unless the combined company were to experience a subsequent ownership change. 

The
combined company’s ability to use the NOLs will also depend on the amount of taxable income generated in future periods. The NOLs may expire before the combined company can generate sufficient taxable income to utilize the NOLs. 

The Company’s future results will suffer if it does not effectively manage its expanded operations following the merger.

Following the merger, the size of the business of the Company will increase significantly beyond the current size of
either the Company’s or AirTran’s businesses. The Company’s future success depends, in part, upon its ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the
management and monitoring of new operations, including new international operations, and associated increased costs and complexity. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating
efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements and other benefits currently anticipated from the merger. 

26 

Table of Contents

The Company is expected to incur substantial expenses related to the merger and the
integration of AirTran’s business. 

The Company is expected to incur substantial expenses in connection with the
merger and the integration of AirTran’s business. There are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated, including purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, payroll, pricing,
revenue management, reservations, frequent flyer, ticketing/distribution, maintenance, flight operations, marketing and benefits. While the Company has assumed that a certain level of expenses would be incurred, there are many factors beyond its
control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration expenses. Moreover, many of the expenses that would be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. These expenses could, particularly in the near term,
exceed the savings that the Company expects to achieve from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings. These integration expenses likely will result in the Company taking significant charges
against earnings following the completion of the merger, and the amount and timing of such charges are uncertain at present. 

Following the merger, the Company will need to launch certain branding or rebranding initiatives that may take a significant amount
of time and involve substantial costs and that may not be favorably received by customers. 

The Company may incur
substantial costs in rebranding AirTran’s products and services, and it may not be able to achieve or maintain brand name recognition or status under the Southwest brand that is comparable to the recognition and status previously enjoyed by
AirTran in any of AirTran’s markets. The failure of any such rebranding initiative could adversely affect the Company’s ability to attract and retain customers after the merger, which could cause the Company not to realize some or all of
the benefits contemplated to result from the merger. 

AirTran is currently subject to pending antitrust litigation, and
if judgment were to be rendered against AirTran in the litigation, such judgment could adversely affect the Company’s operating results following the merger. 

A complaint alleging violations of federal antitrust laws and seeking certification as a class action was filed against Delta Air Lines, Inc. (“Delta”) and AirTran in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Georgia in Atlanta on May 22, 2009. The complaint alleges, among other things, that AirTran conspired with Delta in imposing bag fees for the first item of checked luggage. The initial complaint sought treble
damages on behalf of a putative class of persons or entities in the United States who directly paid Delta and/or AirTran such fees on domestic flights beginning December 5, 2008. Subsequent to the filing of the May 2009 complaint, various other
nearly identical complaints also seeking certification as class actions were filed in federal district courts in Atlanta, Georgia; Orlando, Florida; Las Vegas, Nevada; and Oakland, California. All of the cases were consolidated before a single
judge in Atlanta. An amended complaint filed in February 2010 in the consolidated action broadened the allegations to add claims that Delta and AirTran also agreed to cut capacity on competitive routes and raised prices. The amended
complaint seeks injunctive relief against a broad range of alleged anticompetitive activities and also seeks attorneys fees. On August 2, 2010, the Court dismissed that portion of the plaintiffs’ claims alleging that AirTran had
violated Section 2 of the Sherman Act; however, the Court let stand the claims of a conspiracy with respect to the imposition of a first bag fee. In addition, the Las Vegas and Oakland cases have been voluntarily dismissed. While AirTran
has denied all allegations of wrongdoing, including those in the amended complaint, and has indicated its intention to defend vigorously any and all such allegations, results of legal proceedings such as this one cannot be predicted with certainty.
Regardless of its merit, this litigation and any potential future claims against the Company or AirTran may be both time consuming and disruptive to the Company’s operations following the merger and cause significant expense and diversion of
management attention. Should AirTran and the Company fail to prevail in this or other matters, the Company may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could materially adversely affect its business and might materially
affect its financial condition and operating results. 

27 

Table of Contents

The application of the acquisition method of accounting will likely result in the
Company recording a significant amount of goodwill, which could result in significant future impairment charges and negatively affect the Company’s financial results. 

Applicable acquisition accounting rules require that to the extent the purchase price exceeds the net fair value of AirTran’s
tangible and intangible assets and liabilities, the Company would record such excess as goodwill on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at least annually. Impairment charges could be
recorded in the Company’s results of operations as a result of, among other items, extreme fuel price volatility, a significant decline in the fair value of certain tangible or intangible assets, unfavorable trends in forecasted results of
operations and cash flows and the uncertain economic environment, as well as other uncertainties. The Company can provide no assurance that a significant impairment charge will not occur in one or more future periods. Any such charges may
materially negatively affect the Company’s financial results.