The Company’s business has been significantly impacted by high and/or volatile fuel prices; therefore, the Company’s
strategic plans and future profitability are likely to be impacted by the Company’s ability to effectively address fuel prices. 

Fuel prices continue to present one of the Company’s most significant challenges, as (i) the cost of fuel has been at historically high levels over the last few years and has been unpredictable,
and (ii) airlines are inherently dependent upon energy to operate; therefore, even a small change in market fuel prices can significantly affect profitability. Fuel prices are unpredictable, in part, because of many external factors that are
beyond the Company’s control. For example, fuel prices can be impacted by political and economic factors, such as (i) dependency on foreign imports of crude oil and the potential for hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas;
(ii) limited refining capacity; (iii) worldwide demand for fuel, particularly in developing countries, which has resulted in inflated energy prices; (iv) changes in governmental policies on fuel production, transportation, taxes, and
marketing; and (v) changes in exchange rates. The Company’s ability to react to fuel price volatility can also be affected by factors outside of its control. For example, the Company’s profitability is affected in part by
Southwest’s and AirTran’s ability to increase fares in reaction to fuel price increases; however, fare increases are difficult to implement in difficult economic environments when low fares are often used to stimulate traffic. The ability
to increase fares can also be limited by factors such as the low-fare reputation of both Southwest and AirTran, the portion of their Customer base that purchases travel for leisure purposes, the competitive nature of the airline industry generally,
and the risk that higher fares will drive a decrease in demand. 

Jet fuel and oil consumed for 2011 and 2010 represented
approximately 38 percent and 33 percent of the Company’s operating expenses, respectively, and constituted the largest expense incurred by the Company in 2011 and the second largest expense in 2010. As a result, the price of fuel has impacted,
and could continue to impact, the timing and nature of the Company’s growth plans and strategic initiatives. 

The Company
purchases jet fuel at prevailing market prices, but seeks to protect against significant increases in fuel costs by entering into over-the-counter fuel derivative contracts. In addition, the Company enters into fuel derivative contracts in an effort
to reduce volatility in its operating expenses. As discussed in detail in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, derivatives that are designated as hedges and deemed “effective” (i.e., that meet certain requirements under
applicable accounting standards) are granted hedge accounting treatment, which can reduce volatility in the Company’s operating expenses. Nevertheless, because 

23 

Table of Contents

energy prices can fluctuate significantly in a relatively short amount of time, the Company is subject to the risk that the fuel derivatives it uses will not provide adequate protection against
significant increases in fuel prices. In addition, the Company is subject to the risk that its fuel derivatives will not be effective or that they will no longer qualify for hedge accounting under applicable accounting standards. For example, the
majority of the fuel derivatives in the Company’s hedge portfolio are based on the market price of West Texas intermediate crude oil (WTI). In recent periods, however, the spread between WTI and jet fuel has not followed historic norms, which
has led to more of the Company’s fuel hedges being ineffective. Therefore, adjustments in the Company’s overall fuel hedging strategy, as well as the ability of the commodities used in fuel hedging (principally crude oil, heating oil, and
unleaded gasoline) to qualify for special hedge accounting, are likely to continue to affect the Company’s results of operations. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to cost-effectively hedge against increases
in fuel prices. The Company’s fuel hedging arrangements and the impact of hedge accounting on the Company’s results of operations are discussed in more detail under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” and in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Company may be unable to
successfully integrate AirTran’s business and realize the anticipated benefits of its acquisition of AirTran. In addition, delays in integration could cause anticipated synergies to take longer than anticipated to realize. 

 associated with the Company’s acquisition and integration of AirTran are discussed below under “Risk Factors
Related to the Company’s Acquisition and Integration of AirTran.” 

The airline industry is particularly
sensitive to changes in economic conditions; an increase in unfavorable economic conditions or continued economic uncertainty could negatively affect the Company’s results of operations. 

The airline industry, which is subject to relatively high fixed costs and highly variable and unpredictable demand, is particularly
sensitive to changes in economic conditions. Unfavorable U.S. economic conditions have historically driven changes in travel patterns and have resulted in reduced spending for both leisure and business travel. For some consumers, leisure travel is
an expendable discretionary expense, and short-haul travelers have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. Businesses are able to forego air travel by using communication alternatives such as videoconferencing and the Internet or may
be more likely to purchase less expensive tickets to reduce costs, which can result in a decrease in average revenue per seat. Unfavorable economic conditions also hamper the ability of airlines to raise fares to counteract increased fuel, labor,
and other costs. The Company continues to face economic uncertainty, and the weakened state of the U.S. and global economy could continue for an extended period of time. Continued unfavorable or even uncertain economic conditions could negatively
affect the Company’s results of operations and could cause the Company to adjust its business strategies. 

The
Company’s low-cost structure is one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors could affect the Company’s ability to control its costs. 

The Company’s low-cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, as it has enabled Southwest to offer low fares, drive traffic volume, and grow market share. The
Company’s low-cost structure has become increasingly important as a result of the Company’s decision to control capacity growth in response to high fuel prices and uncertain economic conditions. While the Company has in the past been able
to cover increasing costs through growth, the combination of capacity control and increasing costs has contributed to an increase in the Company’s costs per available seat mile. This, along with other factors discussed below, has contributed to
a narrowing in the cost gap between the Company and some of its competitors. 

The Company has limited control over fuel and
labor costs, as well as other costs such as regulatory compliance costs and aircraft airframe and engine repairs expense. Jet fuel and oil constituted approximately 38 percent of the Company’s operating expenses during 2011, and the cost of
fuel is subject to the external factors discussed in the first Risk Factor above. Salaries, wages, and benefits constituted approximately 29 percent of the 

24 

Table of Contents

Company’s operating expenses during 2011. The Company’s ability to control labor costs is limited by the terms of its CBAs, and increased labor costs have impacted the Company’s
low-cost competitive position. As discussed further under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” the Company’s unionized workforce, which makes up the majority of its Employees,
have had pay scale increases as a result of increased seniority and contractual rate increases. Furthermore, as indicated above under “Business-Employees,” a majority of the Southwest Employee groups have labor agreements that are either
currently in negotiation or become amendable in 2012, which could continue to put pressure on the Company’s labor costs. In addition, the Company anticipates that the combination of the various Southwest and AirTran labor contracts and
frontline workforces will increase AirTran labor costs over their historical levels. As discussed above under “Business-Regulation,” the airline industry is heavily regulated, and the Company’s regulatory compliance costs are subject
to potentially significant increases from time to time based on actions by the regulatory agencies. Additionally, when other airlines reduce their capacity, airport costs are then allocated among a fewer number of total flights, which has resulted
in increased landing fees and other costs for the Company. The Company is also reliant upon third party vendors and service providers, and its low-cost advantage is also dependent in part on its ability to obtain and maintain commercially reasonable
terms with those parties. As discussed under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” the Company’s maintenance costs have increased with the aging of its fleet, which has required
the Company to spend more to maintain a portion of its fleet and to implement a related fleet modernization and replacement plan. 

As discussed above under “Company Operations – Cost Structure,” the Company’s low-cost structure has historically been facilitated by, among other things, Southwest’s use of a
single aircraft type, the Boeing 737, its point-to-point route structure, and its service to and from many secondary or downtown airports. The Company’s increased presence in bigger markets, as well as the addition of the Boeing 717 aircraft,
could continue to add pressure to the Company’s operating costs and diminish its low-cost advantage. 

As discussed above
under “Business-Insurance,” the Company carries insurance of types customary in the airline industry and is also provided supplemental, first-party, war-risk insurance coverage by the federal government at substantially lower premiums than
prevailing commercial rates. If the supplemental coverage is not extended, the Company could incur substantially higher insurance costs. In addition, an accident or other incident involving Southwest or AirTran aircraft could result in costs in
excess of its related insurance coverage, which costs could be substantial. Any aircraft accident or other incident, even if fully insured, could also have a material adverse effect on the public’s perception of the Company. 

The Company cannot guarantee it will be able to maintain its current level of low-cost advantage. In response to volatile fuel prices and
economic uncertainty, some of the Company’s competitors have taken additional efficiency and cost reduction measures, such as capacity cuts and headcount reductions, which have reduced the Company’s cost advantage. In addition, some
competitors have announced plans to add a significant number of new aircraft to their fleets, which could potentially decrease their operating costs through fleet simplification, better fuel efficiencies, and lower maintenance costs. Prior to the
recent economic downturn, some of the Company’s competitors took advantage of reorganization in bankruptcy, and even the threat of bankruptcy, to decrease operating costs through renegotiated labor, supply, and financing agreements. Most
recently, in November 2011, AMR Corporation, the parent company of American Airlines and American Eagle, sought bankruptcy protection through filing for Chapter 11 reorganization. In addition, some airlines have consolidated and reported significant
expected cost synergies. 

The Company is increasingly dependent on technology to operate its business and continues to
implement substantial changes to its information systems; any failure or disruption in the Company’s information systems could materially adversely affect its operations. 

The Company is increasingly dependent on the use of complex technology and systems to run its ongoing operations, as well as to support
its initiatives, including its integration of AirTran’s operations and initiatives. As discussed above under “Business – Management Information Systems,” during 2010 and 2011, the Company continued its commitment to technology
improvements to support its ongoing operations and initiatives. Among 

25 

Table of Contents

other things, the Company completed the implementation of a new SAP Enterprise Resource Planning application, which replaced several of the Company’s back office legacy systems, such as the
general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, benefits, cash management, and fixed asset systems. The Company has also invested in significant technology changes to support its All-New Rapid Rewards frequent flyer program,
introduction of the Boeing 737-800 to its fleet beginning in 2012, enhanced southwest.com website, and WiFi implementation. In addition, the Company has announced its intent to replace its reservation system. Integration of complex systems and
technology presents significant challenges in terms of costs, human resources, and development of effective internal controls. Integration also presents the risk of operational or security inadequacy or interruption, which could materially affect
the Company’s ability to effectively operate its business. The Company is also reliant upon third party performance for timely and effective completion of many of its technology initiatives. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company’s systems will continue to require modification and refinements to address growth and
changing business requirements, including requirements related to international operations. In addition, the Company’s systems may require modification to enable the Company to comply with changing regulatory requirements. For example, the
Company was required to invest in the redesign of the southwest.com and airtran.com websites in order to comply with the DOT’s full-fare advertising rule that went into effect in January 2012. Modifications and refinements to the Company’s
systems may be expensive to implement and may divert management’s attention from other key initiatives. In addition, the Company’s operations could be adversely affected, or it could face imposition of regulatory penalties, if it is unable
to timely or effectively modify its systems as necessary. 

The Company may occasionally experience system interruptions and
delays that make its websites and services unavailable or slow to respond, which could prevent the Company from efficiently processing Customer transactions or providing services. This in turn could reduce the Company’s operating revenues and
the attractiveness of its services. The Company’s computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, power loss, computer and
telecommunications failure, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, security breaches, and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events could cause system interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent the Company from
processing Customer transactions or providing services, which could make its business and services less attractive and subject the Company to liability. Any of these events could damage the Company’s reputation and be expensive to remedy.

The Company is currently dependent on single aircraft and engine suppliers, as well as single suppliers of certain other
parts; therefore, the Company would be materially adversely affected if it were unable to obtain additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers or in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with their equipment.

The Company is dependent on Boeing as its sole supplier for aircraft and many of its aircraft parts and is dependent
on other suppliers for certain other aircraft parts. In 2011, the Company announced its commitment to purchase a significant number of additional Boeing aircraft. Although the Company is able to purchase some aircraft from parties other than Boeing,
most of its purchases are directly from Boeing. Therefore, if the Company were unable to acquire additional aircraft from Boeing, or Boeing were unable or unwilling to make timely deliveries of aircraft or to provide adequate support for its
products, the Company’s operations would be materially adversely affected. In addition, the Company would be materially adversely affected in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with the Boeing 737 or Boeing 717 aircraft
type, whether as a result of downtime for part or all of the Company’s fleet or because of a negative perception by the flying public. The Company believes, however, that its years of experience with the Boeing 737 aircraft type, as well as the
efficiencies Southwest has achieved by operating with a single aircraft type, currently outweigh the risks associated with its single aircraft supplier strategy. The Company is also dependent on sole suppliers for aircraft engines and certain other
aircraft parts and would therefore also be materially adversely affected in the event of the unavailability of, or a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with, engines and other parts. 

26 

Table of Contents

Any failure of the Company to maintain the security of certain Customer-related
information could result in damage to the Company’s reputation and could be costly to remediate. 

The Company must
receive information related to its Customers in order to run its business, and the Company’s online operations depend upon the secure transmission of information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. This
information is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering, and theft. Although the Company maintains systems to prevent this from occurring, these systems require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change, and security could be
compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated, or system disruptions could occur. The Company must also provide certain confidential, proprietary, and personal information to third parties in the ordinary course of its business.
While the Company seeks to obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties could be breached. A compromise of the Company’s security systems could
adversely affect the Company’s reputation and disrupt its operations and could also result in litigation against the Company or the imposition of penalties. In addition, it could be costly to remediate. 

The Company’s results of operations could be adversely impacted if it is unable to grow or to timely and effectively implement
its revenue and other initiatives. 

Southwest has historically been regarded as a growth airline; however, the
combination of a difficult economic environment and growing costs led to the Company’s decision to limit organic growth for the indefinite future. In addition, organic growth has become increasingly difficult, because (i) the number of
opportunities for domestic expansion has declined; (ii) with the exception of AirTran’s near-international service, the Company currently does not have international operations; and (iii) the Company has faced an increased presence of
other low-cost carriers. As a result, the Company has become increasingly reliant on the success of revenue initiatives to help offset increasing costs and to continue to improve Customer Service. The timely and effective implementation of these
initiatives has involved, and will continue to involve, significant investments by the Company of time and money and could be negatively affected by (i) the Company’s ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain
related information technology systems and infrastructure; (ii) the Company’s ability to effectively balance its investment of incremental operating expenses and capital expenditures related to its initiatives against the need to
effectively control costs; and (iii) the Company’s dependence on third parties to assist with implementation of its initiatives. The Company cannot ensure the timing of implementation of certain of its initiatives or that they will be
successful or profitable either over the short or long term. 

Instability of credit, capital, and energy markets can
result in pressure on the Company’s credit ratings and can also negatively affect the Company’s ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms and the Company’s liquidity generally. 

During 2009, the Company’s credit ratings were pressured by weak industry revenue and the volatile fuel price environment. During
2011, the Company’s credit ratings were pressured in connection with its acquisition of AirTran. While the Company’s credit rating is “investment grade,” factors such as future unfavorable economic conditions, a significant
decline in demand for air travel, or instability of the credit and capital markets could result in future pressure on credit ratings, which could negatively affect (i) the Company’s ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms,
(ii) the Company’s liquidity generally, and (iii) the availability and cost of insurance. A credit rating downgrade would subject the Company to credit rating triggers related to its credit card transaction processing agreements, the
pricing related to any funds drawn under its revolving credit facility, and some of its hedging counterparty agreements. The potential effect of credit rating downgrades is discussed in more detail below under “Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk.” 

27 

Table of Contents

The Company’s business is labor intensive; therefore, the Company would be
adversely affected if it were unable to maintain satisfactory relations with its Employees or its Employees’ Representatives. 

The airline business is labor intensive. Salaries, wages, and benefits represented approximately 29 percent of the Company’s operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2011. In addition,
as of December 31, 2011, approximately 82 percent of the Company’s Employees (including AirTran Employees) were represented for collective bargaining purposes by labor unions, making the Company particularly exposed in the event of
labor-related job actions. Employment-related issues that may impact the Company’s results of operations, some of which are negotiated items, include hiring/retention rates, pay rates, outsourcing costs, work rules, and health care costs. The
Company has historically maintained positive relationships with its Employees and its Employees’ Representatives. However, as indicated above under “Business-Employees,” a majority of the Southwest Employee groups have labor
agreements that are either currently in negotiations or become amendable in 2012, which could contribute to the Company’s labor cost pressures. Increasing labor costs, combined with curtailed growth, could negatively impact the Company’s
competitive position. In addition, disputes regarding the integration of AirTran Employees could negatively affect the Company’s historically positive Employee culture. 

The airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, or other hostilities, could significantly harm the airline
industry and the Company’s operations. 

Terrorist attacks and threatened attacks have from time to time materially
adversely affected the demand for air travel and have also resulted in increased safety and security costs for the Company and the airline industry generally. Safety measures create delays and inconveniences and can, in particular, reduce the
Company’s competitiveness against surface transportation for short-haul routes. Additional terrorist attacks, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks or other hostilities (including elevated national
threat warnings or selective cancellation or redirection of flights due to terror threats) would likely have a further significant negative impact on the Company and the airline industry. 

Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies could limit the Company’s growth; changes in or additional
governmental regulation could increase the Company’s operating costs or otherwise limit the Company’s ability to conduct business. 

Almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state governments. Airlines are largely dependent on these governmental entities to provide adequate airport
facilities and capacity at an affordable cost. Similarly, the federal government singularly controls all U.S. airspace, and airlines are completely dependent on the FAA to operate that airspace in a safe, efficient, and affordable manner. As
discussed above under “Business — Regulation,” airlines are also subject to other extensive regulatory requirements. These requirements often impose substantial costs on airlines. The Company’s initiatives and results of
operations could be negatively affected by changes in law and future actions taken by domestic and international governmental agencies having jurisdiction over its operations, including, but not limited to: 

•

 increases in airport rates and charges; 

•

 limitations on airport gate capacity or other use of airport facilities; 

•

 limitations on route authorities; 

•

 actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining access at slot-controlled airports; 

•

 changes to environmental regulations; 

•

 new or increased taxes; 

•

 changes to laws that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports;

28 

Table of Contents

•

 restrictions on competitive practices; 

•

 changes in laws that increase costs for safety, security, compliance, or other Customer Service standards; 

•

 changes in laws that may limit or regulate the Company’s ability to promote the Company’s business or fares, such as the DOT’s full-fare
advertising rule discussed above under “Business - Regulation”; and 

•

 the adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise regulations. 

Because expenses of a flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of
passengers can have a disproportionate effect on an airline’s operating and financial results. Therefore, any general reduction in airline passenger traffic as a result of any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the
Company’s results of operations. In addition, when the airline industry shrinks, airport operating costs are essentially unchanged and must be shared by the remaining operating carriers, which can therefore increase the Company’s costs.

The airline industry is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control, which can impact the Company’s
business strategies. 

In addition to the unpredictable economic conditions and fuel costs discussed above, the Company,
like the airline industry in general, is affected by conditions that are largely unforeseeable and outside of its control, including, among others: 

•

 adverse weather and natural disasters; 

•

 outbreaks of disease; 

•

 changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns, or demographic trends; 

•

 actual or potential disruptions in the air traffic control system; 

•

 changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, industry bankruptcies, and other factors; 

•

 air traffic congestion and other air traffic control issues; and 

•

 actual or threatened war, terrorist attacks, and political instability. 

The airline industry is intensely competitive. 

As discussed in more detail above under “Business — Competition,” the airline industry is intensely competitive. The Company’s competitors include other major domestic airlines, as
well as regional and new entrant airlines, surface transportation, and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing and the Internet. The Company’s revenues are sensitive to the actions of other carriers with respect to pricing,
routes, capacity, scheduling, Customer Service, frequent flyer programs, comfort and amenities, cost structure, aircraft fleet, and codesharing and similar activities. 

29 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors Related to the Company’s Acquisition and Integration of AirTran 

The Company may be unable to effectively integrate AirTran’s business and realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.
In addition, delays in integration could cause anticipated synergies to take longer to realize than currently anticipated. 

The Company must devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of AirTran. Potential difficulties the Company may encounter as part of the
integration process include the following: 

•

 the inability to successfully combine the AirTran business with that of the Company in a manner that permits the Company to achieve anticipated net
synergies and other anticipated benefits of the acquisition; 

•

 the inability to successfully maintain passenger unit revenues upon converting AirTran into the Southwest business model; 

•

 the challenges associated with operating an aircraft type new to the Company, the Boeing 717; 

•

 the challenges associated with an expanded or new presence in more congested airports and markets; 

•

 the challenges associated with new international operations, including compliance with international laws; 

•

 the challenges associated with integrating complex systems, technology, aircraft fleets, networks, facilities, and other assets of the Company in a
seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on Customers, suppliers, Employees, and other constituencies; 

•

 the challenges associated with integrating the Company’s workforce while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality Customer Service;
and 

•

 potential unknown liabilities, liabilities that are significantly larger than the Company currently anticipates, and unforeseen increased expenses or
delays, including costs to integrate AirTran’s business that may exceed the Company’s estimates. 

Any of the foregoing factors could adversely affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with Customers, suppliers,
Employees and other constituencies or the Company’s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition on a timely basis, or at all, or could reduce the Company’s earnings or otherwise adversely affect the business and
financial results of the Company. In addition, integration requirements have caused, and may continue to cause, the Company to delay other strategic initiatives. 

The Company’s future results will suffer if it does not effectively manage its expanded operations. 

Upon completion of the Company’s acquisition of AirTran, the size of the Company’s business increased significantly beyond the then current size of either the Company’s or AirTran’s
businesses. The Company’s future success depends, in part, upon its ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations,
including new international operations, and associated increased costs and complexity. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements,
and other benefits currently anticipated from the acquisition. 

30 

Table of Contents

The need to integrate AirTran’s workforce presents the potential for delay in
achieving expected synergies and other benefits, or labor disputes that could adversely affect the Company’s operations and costs. 

The successful integration of AirTran and achievement of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition depend significantly on integrating AirTran’s Employees into the Company and on maintaining
productive Employee relations. Failure to do so presents the potential for (i) delays in achieving expected synergies and other benefits of integration or (ii) labor disputes that could adversely affect the Company’s operations and costs.
Southwest and AirTran are both highly unionized. The process for integrating labor groups in an airline merger is governed by a combination of the Railway Labor Act, the McCaskill-Bond Act, and where applicable, the existing provisions of each
company’s collective bargaining agreements (“CBAs”) and union policies. Under the McCaskill-Bond Act, seniority integration must be accomplished in a “fair and equitable” manner consistent with the process set forth in
Sections 3 and 13 of the Allegheny-Mohawk Labor Protective Provisions. This process consists first of direct negotiations between the incumbent unions with the assistance of the companies. If integration cannot be achieved through agreement, the
seniority integration is submitted to binding arbitration by a neutral arbitrator. For employee groups having the same representative at both carriers, the McCaskill-Bond Act provides that seniority integration must be accomplished pursuant to the
union’s internal policies if such policies exist, which may, depending upon the internal policies, require arbitration. Employee dissatisfaction with the results of the seniority integration may lead to litigation or arbitration, which in some
cases can delay seniority integration. 

Under the Railway Labor Act, the National Mediation Board has exclusive authority to
resolve representation disputes arising out of airline mergers. The disputes that the National Mediation Board has authority to resolve include (i) whether the merger has created a “single transportation system” for representation
purposes; (ii) determination of the appropriate “craft or class” for representational purposes, including a determination of which positions are to be included within a particular craft or class; and (iii) certification of the
system-wide representative organization, if any, for each craft or class at the Company following the merger. 

Pending
operational integration of AirTran with the Company, it will be necessary to maintain a “fence” between Southwest and AirTran Employee groups subject to CBAs, during which time the Company and AirTran will keep the Employee groups
separate, each applying the terms of its own existing CBAs, unless other terms have been negotiated. In the meantime, the Company has been negotiating transition agreements, which modify existing CBAs to address circumstances unique to the
transition process. 

There is also a possibility that employees or unions could engage in job actions such as slow-downs,
work-to-rule campaigns, sick-outs, or other actions designed to disrupt the Company’s or AirTran’s normal operations in an attempt to pressure the companies in such negotiations. Although the Railway Labor Act generally makes such actions
unlawful until the parties have been lawfully released by the National Mediation Board to pursue self-help, and the Company and AirTran might be able to seek injunctive relief or other remedies against premature self-help, such actions could cause
significant harm even if the Company or AirTran were ultimately to be successful. 

The Company is expected to continue to
incur substantial expenses related to the acquisition and the integration of AirTran’s business. 

The Company is
expected to continue to incur substantial integration and transition expenses in connection with the acquisition of AirTran, including the necessary costs associated with integrating the operations of Southwest and AirTran. There are a large number
of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies, and systems that must be integrated, including reservations, frequent flyer, ticketing/distribution, maintenance, and flight operations. While the Company has assumed that a certain level
of expenses will be incurred, there are many factors beyond its control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration expenses. Moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate
accurately. These expenses could, particularly in the near term, exceed the financial benefits the Company expects to achieve from the acquisition, including the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and

31 

Table of Contents

cost savings. These integration expenses likely will continue to result in the Company taking significant charges against earnings in future periods, and the amount and timing of such charges are
uncertain at present. 

The Company’s operations may be adversely affected by its expansion into non-U.S.
jurisdictions and the related increase in laws to which it is subject. 

The Company’s expansion, through AirTran,
of its operations into non-U.S. jurisdictions has expanded the scope of the laws to which the Company is subject, both domestically and internationally. In addition, operations in non-U.S. jurisdictions are in many cases subject to the laws of those
jurisdictions rather than U.S. laws. Laws in some jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the United States, and these differences can affect the Company’s ability to react to changes in its business and its rights or ability
to enforce rights may be different than would be expected under U.S. law. Further, enforcement of laws in some jurisdictions can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both the Company’s ability to enforce its rights and to
undertake activities that it believes are beneficial to its business. As a result, the Company’s ability to generate revenue and its expenses in non-U.S. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if U.S. law governed these
operations. 

The Company acquired AirTran’s indebtedness upon consummation of the acquisition, which additional
indebtedness may limit the Company’s financial and operating flexibility. 

Upon consummation of the acquisition,
the Company acquired AirTran’s outstanding indebtedness and became subject to the operating restrictions under the debt instruments governing such indebtedness. AirTran has significant indebtedness and other commitments, significant debt and
lease obligations related to existing purchased and leased aircraft, and debt and lease obligations for existing and planned operating facilities. The increased indebtedness of the Company following the acquisition may: 

•

 require a substantial portion of cash flows from operations for debt service payments and operating lease payments, thereby reducing the availability
of the Company’s cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes; and 

•

 limit the Company’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the airline industry and, consequently, negatively
affect the Company’s competitive position; and 

The Company will need to launch certain branding
or rebranding initiatives in connection with the acquisition that may take a significant amount of time and involve substantial costs and that may not be favorably received by Customers. 

The Company may incur substantial costs in rebranding AirTran’s products and services, and it may not be able to achieve or maintain
brand name recognition or status under the Southwest brand that is comparable to the recognition and status previously enjoyed by AirTran in any of AirTran’s markets. The failure of any such rebranding initiative could adversely affect the
Company’s ability to attract and retain Customers, which could cause the Company not to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits contemplated to result from the acquisition. 

The Company’s ability to use AirTran’s net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal
income tax purposes may be limited as a result of the acquisition, or if taxable income does not reach sufficient levels. 

As of the acquisition date, AirTran had Federal net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) of approximately $542 million available to offset future taxable income, expiring between 2017 and 2029.

AirTran experienced an “ownership change” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the “Code”), as a result of its acquisition by the Company. Section 382 of the Code imposes an annual limitation on the amount of post-ownership change taxable income generated that may be offset with

32 

Table of Contents

pre-ownership change NOLs of the corporation that experiences an ownership change. The limitation imposed by Section 382 of the Code for any post-ownership change year generally would be
determined by multiplying the value of such corporation’s stock immediately before the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Any unused annual limitation may, subject to certain limits, be carried over to later years,
and the limitation may, under certain circumstances, be increased by built-in gains or reduced by built-in losses in the assets held by such corporation at the time of the ownership change. The combined company’s use of NOLs arising after the
date of an ownership change would not be limited unless the combined company were to experience a subsequent ownership change. 

The combined company’s ability to use the NOLs will also depend on the amount of taxable income generated in future periods. The NOLs
may expire before the combined company can generate sufficient taxable income to utilize the NOLs. 

AirTran is currently
subject to pending antitrust litigation, and if judgment were to be rendered against AirTran in the litigation, such judgment could adversely affect the Company’s operating results. 

A complaint alleging violations of federal antitrust laws and seeking certification as a class action was filed against Delta Air Lines,
Inc. (“Delta”) and AirTran in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia in Atlanta on May 22, 2009. The complaint alleged, among other things, that AirTran attempted to monopolize air travel in violation of
Section 2 of the Sherman Act, and conspired with Delta in imposing $15-per-bag fees for the first item of checked luggage in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act. The initial complaint sought treble damages on behalf of a putative
class of persons or entities in the United States who directly paid Delta and/or AirTran such fees on domestic flights beginning December 5, 2008. After the filing of the May 2009 complaint, various other nearly identical complaints also
seeking certification as class actions were filed in federal district courts in Atlanta, Georgia; Orlando, Florida; and Las Vegas, Nevada. All of the cases were consolidated before a single federal district court judge in Atlanta. A
Consolidated Amended Complaint was filed in the consolidated action on February 1, 2010, which broadened the allegations to add claims that Delta and AirTran conspired to reduce capacity on competitive routes and to raise prices in
violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act. In addition to treble damages for the amount of first baggage fees paid to AirTran and to Delta, the Consolidated Amended Complaint seeks injunctive relief against a broad range of alleged
anticompetitive activities, as well as attorneys’ fees. On August 2, 2010, the Court dismissed plaintiffs’ claims that AirTran and Delta had violated Section 2 of the Sherman Act; the Court let stand the claims of a
conspiracy with respect to the imposition of a first bag fee and the airlines’ capacity and pricing decisions. On June 30, 2010, the plaintiffs filed a motion to certify a class, which AirTran and Delta have opposed. The Court has not
yet ruled on the class certification motion. The scheduled period for fact and expert discovery has ended, but plaintiffs have sought to reopen discovery because Delta discovered that it had not produced certain documents. Plaintiffs have also
sought discovery sanctions against Delta but not against AirTran. The Court has not yet ruled on the sanctions motion or plaintiffs’ request to reopen discovery. The schedule for summary judgment motions has been suspended until the discovery
issues are resolved. While AirTran has denied all allegations of wrongdoing, including those in the Consolidated Amended Complaint, and intends to defend vigorously any and all such allegations, results of legal proceedings such as this one cannot
be predicted with certainty. Regardless of its merit, this litigation and any potential future claims against the Company or AirTran may be both time consuming and disruptive to the Company’s operations and cause significant expense and
diversion of management attention. Should AirTran and the Company fail to prevail in this or other matters, the Company may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could materially adversely affect its business and might
materially affect its financial condition and operating results.

The application of the acquisition method of accounting
resulted in the Company recording a significant amount of goodwill, which could result in significant future impairment charges and negatively affect the Company’s financial results. 

In accordance with applicable acquisition accounting rules, the Company recorded goodwill on its Consolidated Balance Sheet to the extent
the AirTran acquisition purchase price exceeded the net fair value of AirTran’s tangible and intangible assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. Goodwill is not amortized, but is

33 

Table of Contents

tested for impairment at least annually. Impairment charges could be recorded in the Company’s results of operations as a result of, among other items, extreme fuel price volatility, a
significant decline in the fair value of certain tangible or intangible assets, unfavorable trends in forecasted results of operations and cash flows and the uncertain economic environment, as well as other uncertainties. The Company can
provide no assurance that a significant impairment charge will not occur in one or more future periods. Any such charges may materially negatively affect the Company’s financial results.