Southwest’s
business is heavily impacted by the price and availability of aircraft fuel. Continued volatility in fuel costs and/or significant disruptions in the supply of fuel could adversely affect Southwest’s results of operations. 

Airlines are inherently dependent upon energy to operate and can therefore be significantly impacted 
by
changes in the prices of jet fuel. The cost of jet fuel, which generally has been at historically high levels over the last three years, is largely unpredictable, as is evidenced by the recent plunge in market jet fuel prices. Even a small change in
fuel prices, with no other changes, can drive profitability sharply in one direction or the other. Jet fuel and oil consumed for fiscal 2008 and 2007 represented approximately 35 percent and 30 percent of 

10 

Table of Contents

Southwest’s operating expenses, respectively, and, for 2008, constituted the largest expense incurred by Southwest. As a result, fuel costs have
factored significantly into Southwest’s growth decisions. 

Fuel availability can also affect fuel prices and is impacted by political
and economic factors beyond Southwest’s control. Therefore, although Southwest does not currently anticipate a significant reduction in fuel availability, future availability is difficult to predict. Fuel availability can be impacted by factors
such as dependency on foreign imports of crude oil and the potential for hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas, limited refining capacity, and the possibility of changes in governmental policies on jet fuel production,
transportation, and marketing. Significant disruptions in the supply of jet fuel could adversely affect Southwest’s results of operations. 

Southwest’s profitability is impacted in part by its ability to adjust fares in reaction to fuel price volatility. Southwest’s ability to increase fares can be limited by factors such as Southwest’s low fares reputation, the
percentage of its Customer base that purchases travel for leisure purposes, and the competitive nature of the airline industry generally. Fare increases are even more difficult to achieve in uncertain economic environments, as low fares are often
used to stimulate demand. Additionally, Southwest has historically entered into fuel derivative contracts to protect against rising fuel costs. These contracts produced cash settlement gains of $1.3 billion (on a cash basis, before profitsharing and
income taxes) for the full year 2008. In response to the recent drop in energy prices, Southwest significantly reduced its net fuel hedge position in place for 2009 and beyond and is therefore less protected against future increases. 

Changes in Southwest’s overall fuel hedging strategy, the ability of the commodities used in fuel hedging (principally crude oil, heating oil, and
unleaded gasoline) to qualify for special hedge accounting, and the effectiveness of Southwest’s fuel hedges pursuant to highly complex accounting rules, are all significant factors impacting Southwest’s results of operations.
Southwest’s fuel hedging arrangements are discussed in more detail under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The airline industry is particularly sensitive to
changes in economic condition; continued negative economic conditions would likely continue to negatively impact Southwest’s results of operations and its ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms. 

Southwest’s operations and the airline industry in general are particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. Unfavorable general economic
conditions, such as higher unemployment rates, a constrained credit market, housing-related pressures, and increased business operating costs can reduce spending for both leisure and business travel. Unfavorable economic conditions can also impact
Southwest’s ability to raise fares to counteract increased fuel, labor, and other costs. Demand for air travel waned during the fourth quarter of 2008, which Southwest believes can be primarily attributed to the crisis experienced in worldwide
credit markets and the domestic recessionary environment that became evident during the year. Therefore, a continued economic recessionary environment would likely continue to negatively impact Southwest’s results of operations. Southwest
continues to be cautious of current domestic economic conditions, as recessionary fears have continued to proliferate. 

Factors such as
continued unfavorable economic conditions, a significant decline in demand for air travel, or continued instability of the credit and capital markets could result in future pressure on credit ratings, which could trigger credit rating provisions in
Southwest’s credit card transaction processing agreements, outstanding debt agreements, and some hedging counterparty agreements (as discussed in more detail in “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk”).
These factors could also negatively impact (a) Southwest’s ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms, (b) Southwest’s liquidity generally, and (c) the availability and cost of insurance. 

Southwest’s business is labor intensive; Southwest could be adversely affected if it were unable to maintain satisfactory relations with its
Employees or its Employees’ Representatives. 

While the airline business is labor intensive and the Company’s results are
subject to variations in labor-related job actions, Southwest has historically maintained positive relationships with its Employees and its Employee’s Representatives. Salaries, wages, 

11 

Table of Contents

and benefits represented 32 percent of the Company’s operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2008. In addition, as of December 31,
2008, approximately 77 percent of the Company’s Employees were represented for collective bargaining purposes by labor unions. As discussed above in “Item 1. Business – Employees,” the Company is currently in discussions
with several Employee Representatives. Employment-related issues that may impact the Company’s results of operations, some of which are negotiated items, include hiring/retention rates, pay rates, outsourcing costs, work rules, and health care
costs. 

Southwest’s inability to timely and effectively implement its revenue initiatives could adversely affect its results of
operations. 

Southwest has implemented and intends to continue to implement revenue initiatives that are designed to help offset
increasing costs and improve Customer Service. The timely and effective implementation of these initiatives has involved, and will continue to involve, significant investments by the Company of time and money and could be impacted by
(i) Southwest’s ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain related information technology systems and infrastructure; (ii) the timing of Southwest’s investment of incremental operating expenses and
capital expenditures for these purposes, while balancing the need to effectively control operating expenses; and (iii) Southwest’s dependence on third parties to assist with implementation. Because Southwest has limited experience with
some of its strategic initiatives, it cannot ensure the timing of their implementation or that they will be successful or profitable either over the short or long term. 

Southwest is increasingly reliant on technology to operate its business and continues to implement substantial changes to its information systems; any failure or disruption in Southwest’s information
systems could adversely impact the Company’s operations. 

Southwest’s operations have become increasingly dependant on the
use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for its point of sale, ticketing, revenue accounting, payroll, and financial reporting areas. Systems and technology are also crucial to the timely and effective implementation of
Southwest’s revenue initiatives. 
As discussed above under “Business – Operating Strategies and Marketing – Management Information Systems,” Southwest has multiple technology
projects underway, many of which are reliant upon third party performance for timely and effective completion. Any issues with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure
of these systems, could materially impact Southwest’s ability to effectively operate its business. 

The airline industry is
affected by many conditions that are beyond its control. 

Southwest’s business and the airline industry in general are also
impacted by other conditions that are largely outside of Southwest’s control, including, among others: 

•

 Actual or threatened war, terrorist attacks, and political instability; 

•

 Changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns, or demographic trends; 

•

 Actual or potential disruptions in the air traffic control system; 

•

 Increases in costs of safety, security, and environmental measures; and 

•

 Weather and natural disasters. 

Because expenses of a flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of passengers can have a disproportionate effect on an airline’s operating and financial results.
Therefore, any general reduction in airline passenger traffic as a result of any of these factors could adversely affect Southwest’s results of operations. In addition, when the airline industry shrinks, as it did during 2008, airport operating
costs are essentially unchanged and must be shared by the remaining operating carriers, which can therefore increase Southwest’s costs. 

The airline industry faces on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, or other hostilities, could significantly harm the Company’s industry and its business.

The attacks of September 11, 2001, and resulting aftermath materially impacted air travel and 

12 

Table of Contents

the results of operations for Southwest and the airline industry generally. The Department of Homeland Security and the TSA have implemented numerous
security measures that affect airline operations and costs. Substantially all security screeners at airports are now federal employees, and significant other elements of airline and airport security are now overseen and performed by federal
employees, including federal security managers, federal law enforcement officers, and federal air marshals. Enhanced security procedures, including enhanced security screening of passengers, baggage, cargo, mail, employees, and vendors, introduced
at airports since the terrorist attacks of September 11 have increased costs to airlines and have from time to time impacted demand for air travel. 

Additional terrorist attacks, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks or other hostilities (including elevated national threat warnings or selective cancellation or redirection
of flights due to terror threats) could have a further significant negative impact on Southwest and the airline industry. Additional international hostilities could potentially have a material adverse impact on the Company’s results of
operations. 

Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies could limit the Company’s growth; changes in or
additional governmental regulation could increase the Company’s operating costs or otherwise limit the Company’s ability to conduct business. 

Almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state government. Airlines are largely dependent on these governmental entities to provide adequate airport facilities and capacity
at an affordable cost. Similarly, the federal government singularly controls all U.S. airspace, and airlines are completely dependent on the FAA to operate that airspace in a safe, efficient, and affordable manner. As discussed above under
“Business — Regulation,” airlines are also subject to other extensive regulatory requirements. These requirements often impose substantial costs on airlines. The Company’s results of operations may be affected by changes in
law and future actions taken by governmental agencies having jurisdiction over its operations, including, but not limited to: 

•

 Increases in airport rates and charges; 

•

 Limitations on airport gate capacity or other use of airport facilities; 

•

 Increases in taxes; 

•

 Changes in the law that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports; 

•

 Restrictions on competitive practices; 

•

 The adoption of statutes or regulations that impact customer service standards, including security standards; and 

•

 The adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise regulations. 

The airline industry is intensely competitive. 

As discussed in more detail above under
“Business — Competition,” the airline industry is extremely competitive. Southwest’s competitors include other major domestic airlines, as well as regional and new entrant airlines, and other forms of transportation,
including rail and private automobiles. Southwest’s revenues are sensitive to the actions of other carriers in capacity, pricing, scheduling, codesharing, and promotions. 

Southwest’s low cost structure is one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors could affect the Company’s ability to
control its costs. 

Southwest’s low cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages; however, it
has limited control over many of its fixed costs. For example, Southwest’s ability to adjust compensation and benefit costs is limited by the terms of its collective bargaining agreements. Other factors that can impact Southwest’s ability
to control costs include the price and availability of jet fuel, aircraft airframe or engine repairs, regulatory requirements, and ability to access capital or financing at competitive rates. Given, in particular, the recent volatility in fuel
prices and the number of pending labor negotiations, Southwest cannot guarantee that it will be able to maintain its current level of low cost advantage. In addition, a key contributor to Southwest’s low cost structure is its use of a single
aircraft type, the Boeing 737. Although Southwest is able to purchase some of these aircraft from parties other than Boeing, most of its purchases are direct from Boeing. Therefore, if 

13 

Table of Contents

Southwest were unable to acquire additional aircraft from Boeing, or Boeing were unable or unwilling to provide adequate support for its products,
Southwest’s operations could be adversely impacted. In addition, Southwest’s dependence on a single aircraft type could result in downtime for part or all of its fleet if mechanical or regulatory issues relating to the Boeing 737 aircraft
type were to arise. However, given the Company’s years of experience with the Boeing 737 aircraft type and its longterm relationship with Boeing, the Company believes the advantages of operating a single fleet type outweigh the risks of its
single aircraft strategy. 

As discussed above under “Item 1. Business-Insurance,” Southwest carries insurance of types customary
in the airline industry and is also provided supplemental, first-party, war-risk insurance coverage by the federal government at substantially lower premiums than prevailing commercial rates. If the supplemental coverage is not extended,

Southwest could incur substantially higher insurance costs. In addition, in the event of an accident involving Southwest aircraft, Southwest could be responsible for costs in excess of its related
insurance coverage, which costs could be substantial. Any aircraft accident, even if fully insured, could also have a material adverse effect on the public’s perception of Southwest.