The
Company’s business has continued to be heavily impacted by fuel prices, which can be extremely volatile; therefore, the Company’s strategic plans and future profitability are likely to be impacted by the Company’s ability to
effectively address fuel prices. 

Fuel price volatility continues to present one of the Company’s most significant
challenges, as (i) the cost of fuel, which has been at historically high levels over the last few years, is largely unpredictable; and (ii) airlines are inherently dependent upon energy to operate; therefore, even a small change in market
fuel prices can significantly affect profitability. 

Fuel prices are unpredictable, in part, because of many external factors
that are beyond the Company’s control. For example, fuel prices can be impacted by political and economic factors, such as (i) dependency on foreign imports of crude oil and the potential for hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing
areas; (ii) limited refining capacity; and (iii) changes in governmental policies on fuel production, transportation, and marketing. Likewise, the Company’s ability to react to fuel price volatility can be affected by factors outside
of its control. For example, the Company’s profitability is affected in part by its ability to increase fares in reaction to fuel price increases; however, fare increases are difficult to implement in difficult economic environments when low
fares are often used to stimulate traffic. The Company’s ability to increase fares can also be limited by factors such as its low fares reputation, the portion of its Customer base that purchases travel for leisure purposes, and the competitive
nature of the airline industry generally. 

Although fuel prices during 2009 were lower overall than in 2008, prices remained
much higher than long-term historical averages. Jet fuel and oil consumed for 2009 and 2008 represented approximately 30 percent and 35 percent of the Company’s operating expenses, respectively, and constituted the second largest expense
incurred by the Company in 2009 and the largest expense in 2008. As a result, the price of fuel has impacted, and could continue to impact, the timing and nature of the Company’s growth plans and strategic initiatives. 

The Company has historically entered into fuel derivative contracts to protect against rising fuel costs; however, as a result of a
significant decline in fuel prices at the end of 2008, the Company significantly reduced

13 

Table of Contents

its net fuel hedge position in place for 2009 through 2013, leaving it with less protection against future increases. These types of adjustments in the Company’s overall fuel hedging
strategy, as well as the ability of the commodities used in fuel hedging (principally crude oil, heating oil, and unleaded gasoline) to qualify for special hedge accounting, have historically significantly affected, and are likely to continue to
affect, the Company’s results of operations. The Company’s fuel hedging arrangements and the impact of hedge accounting on the Company’s results of operations are discussed in more detail under “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The airline
industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions; further unfavorable economic conditions would likely negatively affect the Company’s results of operations. 

The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, which affect Customer travel patterns and related revenues.
For example, recent unfavorable economic conditions, such as higher unemployment rates, reduced sales revenues for many companies, and increased business operating costs, have reduced spending for both leisure and business travel, as potential
Customers cut back on travel expenses. Leisure travel may be viewed as an expendable discretionary expense, and short-haul travelers can replace air travel with surface travel. Businesses may be able to forego air travel by using communication
alternatives such as videoconferencing and the Internet or may be more likely to purchase less expensive tickets to reduce costs, which results in a decrease in average revenue per seat. The Company’s operations are subject to the risk that
changes in travel patterns during recent periods of economic difficulty could remain despite any improving economic conditions. 

Unfavorable economic conditions can also impact the ability of airlines to raise fares to counteract increased fuel, labor, and other costs. In addition, the Company’s high percentage of short-haul flights increases its exposure to
competition from surface travel alternatives during periods of unfavorable economic conditions. 

The Company’s low cost structure is
one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors could affect the Company’s ability to control its costs. 

The Company’s low cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, as it has enabled the Company to offer low fares and drive traffic volume; however, the airline industry is capital intensive, and the
Company has limited control over increases in many of its costs, such as fuel, labor, and aircraft airframe and engine repairs, as well as environmental, safety, security, and regulatory compliance costs. Jet fuel and oil constituted approximately
30 percent of the Company’s operating expenses during 2009, and pricing is subject to the external factors discussed in the first Risk Factor above. Salaries, wages, and benefits constituted approximately 34 percent of the Company’s
operating expenses during 2009. The Company’s ability to control labor costs is limited by the terms of its collective bargaining agreements, and increased labor costs have already impacted its low cost competitive position. In addition, health
care reform currently under consideration in the U.S. Congress could substantially change the health care and insurance industries in the United States, which could increase the Company’s costs. The Company’s regulatory compliance costs
are subject to potentially significant increases from time to time based on actions by the regulatory agencies, as discussed above under “Business — Regulation.” In addition, as other airlines have reduced capacity at a greater pace
than has the Company, the Company has incurred a higher percentage of total airport-related costs. The Company is also reliant upon third party vendors and service providers, and its low cost advantage is also dependent in part on its ability to
obtain and maintain commercially reasonable terms with those parties. 

As discussed above under
“Business-Insurance,” the Company carries insurance of types customary in the airline industry and is also provided supplemental, first-party, war-risk insurance coverage by the federal government at substantially lower premiums than
prevailing commercial rates. If the supplemental coverage is not extended, the Company could incur substantially higher insurance costs. In addition, in the event of an accident or other incident involving Company aircraft, the Company could be
responsible for costs in excess of its related insurance coverage, which costs could be substantial. Any aircraft accident or other incident, even if fully insured, could also have a material adverse effect on the public’s perception of the
Company. 

14 

Table of Contents

The Company cannot guarantee it will be able to maintain its current level of low cost
advantage. Reorganization in bankruptcy, and even the threat of bankruptcy, has allowed other carriers to decrease operating costs through renegotiated labor, supply, and financing agreements. In addition, as discussed above, increases in the cost
of fuel over historical levels have exacerbated cost challenges for the industry as a whole. 

The Company’s results of operations
could be adversely impacted if it is unable to timely and effectively implement its revenue initiatives. 

The Company has
historically been regarded as a growth airline; however, the combination of a difficult economic environment and growing costs led to the Company’s decision to curtail growth during 2009 and for the indefinite future. In addition, growth has
become increasingly difficult, as the number of opportunities has declined and the Company faces an increased presence of other low cost carriers. As a result, the Company has become increasingly reliant on the successful implementation of new
revenue initiatives to help offset increasing costs and continue to improve Customer Service. The timely and effective implementation of these initiatives has involved, and will continue to involve, significant investments by the Company of time and
money and could be impacted by (i) the Company’s ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain related information technology systems and infrastructure; (ii) the Company’s ability to effectively balance
its investment of incremental operating expenses and capital expenditures related to its initiatives against the need to effectively control costs; and (iii) the Company’s dependence on third parties to assist with implementation of its
initiatives. Because the Company has limited experience with some of its strategic initiatives, it cannot ensure the timing of their implementation or that they will be successful or profitable either over the short or long term. 

The Company is increasingly dependent on technology to operate its business and continues to implement substantial changes to its information systems;
any failure or disruption in the Company’s information systems could materially adversely affect the Company’s operations. 

The Company is increasingly dependent on the use of complex technology and systems to run its ongoing operations, as well as to support its initiatives. During 2009, the Company replaced or enhanced
several key technology systems and is scheduled to convert several more. These systems are discussed in more detail above under “Business — Management Information Systems.” Integration of complex systems and technology presents
significant challenges in terms of costs, human resources, and development of effective internal controls. Integration also presents the risk of operational or security inadequacy or interruption, which could materially affect the Company’s
ability to effectively operate its business. In particular, the Company could encounter systems and operational complications in connection with its conversion to a new SAP Enterprise Resource Planning application, which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, or results of operations. The Company is also reliant upon third party performance for timely and effective completion of many of its technology initiatives. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company’s systems will continue to require modification and refinements to address growth and
changing business requirements. The Company’s operations could be adversely affected if it is unable to timely or effectively modify its systems as necessary. 

Unstable credit, capital, and energy markets could result in future pressure on the Company’s credit ratings and could also negatively impact the Company’s ability to obtain financing on
acceptable terms and the Company’s liquidity generally. 

The Company’s credit ratings have been pressured by weak
industry revenue and the volatile fuel price environment. Standard & Poor’s and Fitch both recently downgraded the Company’s credit rating from “BBB+” to “BBB” based on lower demand, especially among business
travelers, and continued volatility in fuel prices. While the Company’s credit rating remains “investment grade,” the lower ratings will likely result in a slight increase in the Company’s borrowing costs on a prospective basis.
Moody’s also downgraded the Company’s rating from “Baa1” to Baa3” and lowered the ratings of the Company’s Pass-through and Enhanced Equipment

15 

Table of Contents

Trust Certificates (“PTC” and “EETC”). The downgrade of the Company’s senior unsecured debt rating was based on Moody’s expectation of continuing weak fundamentals
of the domestic airlines sector. The downgrade of the Company’s ratings on its PTCs and EETCs reflects the reduction in the Company’s underlying credit quality, and, with respect to the PTCs, the elevated loan to value ratios resulting
from the older vintage 737-300 aircraft that are pledged as collateral for these transactions. Factors such as further unfavorable economic conditions, a significant decline in demand for air travel, or continued instability of the credit and
capital markets could result in future pressure on credit ratings, which could negatively impact (i) the Company’s ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms, (b) the Company’s liquidity generally, and (c) the
availability and cost of insurance. In addition, further downgrades could trigger credit rating provisions in the Company’s credit card transaction processing agreements and some hedging counterparty agreements. The potential effect of further
downgrades is discussed in more detail under “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” 

The Company is
dependent on single aircraft and engine suppliers; therefore, the Company would be materially adversely affected if it were unable to obtain additional equipment or support from either of these suppliers or in the event of a mechanical or regulatory
issue associated with their equipment. 

The Company is dependent on Boeing as its sole supplier for aircraft and many of
its aircraft parts. Although the Company is able to purchase some of these aircraft from parties other than Boeing, most of its purchases are directly from Boeing. Therefore, if the Company were unable to acquire additional aircraft from Boeing, or
Boeing were unable or unwilling to provide adequate support for its products, the Company’s operations would be materially adversely affected. In addition, the Company would be materially adversely affected in the event of a mechanical or
regulatory issue associated with the Boeing 737 aircraft type, whether as a result of downtime for part or all of the Company’s fleet or because of a negative perception by the flying public. The Company believes, however, that its years of
experience with the Boeing 737 aircraft type, as well as the efficiencies achieved by operating a single fleet type, outweigh the risks associated with its single aircraft strategy. The Company is also dependent on a sole supplier for aircraft
engines and would therefore also be materially adversely affected in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with its engines. 

The Company’s business is labor intensive; therefore, the Company would be adversely affected if it were unable to maintain satisfactory relations with its Employees or its Employees’ Representatives. 

The airline business is labor intensive. Salaries, wages, and benefits represented approximately 34 percent of the Company’s operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2009. In addition, as of December 31, 2009, approximately 82 percent of the Company’s Employees were represented for collective bargaining purposes by labor unions, making the Company
particularly exposed in the event of labor-related job actions. Employment-related issues that may impact the Company’s results of operations, some of which are negotiated items, include hiring/retention rates, pay rates, outsourcing costs,
work rules, and health care costs. The Company has historically maintained positive relationships with its Employees and its Employees’ Representatives, as was evidenced during 2009 when it completed five major contract negotiations; however,
new labor contracts contribute to the Company’s cost pressures. Increasing labor costs, combined with curtailed growth, could negatively impact the Company’s competitive position. 

The airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, or other hostilities,
could significantly harm the airline industry and the Company’s operations. 

Terrorist attacks and threatened attacks
have from time to time materially impacted the demand for air travel and have also resulted in increased safety and security costs for the Company and the airline industry generally. Safety measures create delays and inconveniences and can, in
particular, reduce the Company’s competitiveness against surface transportation for short-haul routes. Additional terrorist attacks, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks or other hostilities (including
elevated national threat warnings or selective cancellation or redirection of flights due to terror threats) would likely have a further significant negative impact on the Company and the airline industry. 

16 

Table of Contents

Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies could limit the Company’s
growth; changes in or additional governmental regulation could increase the Company’s operating costs or otherwise limit the Company’s ability to conduct business. 

Almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state governments. Airlines are largely dependent on
these governmental entities to provide adequate airport facilities and capacity at an affordable cost. Similarly, the federal government singularly controls all U.S. airspace, and airlines are completely dependent on the FAA to operate that
airspace in a safe, efficient, and affordable manner. As discussed above under “Business — Regulation,” airlines are also subject to other extensive regulatory requirements. These requirements often impose substantial costs on
airlines. The Company’s results of operations may be affected by changes in law and future actions taken by governmental agencies having jurisdiction over its operations, including, but not limited to: 

•

 Increases in airport rates and charges; 

•

 Limitations on airport gate capacity or other use of airport facilities; 

•

 Changes to the environmental regulations discussed above under “Business — Regulation”; 

•

 Increases in taxes; 

•

 Changes to laws that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports;

•

 Restrictions on competitive practices; 

•

 Changes in laws that increase costs for safety, security, or other Customer Service standards; and 

•

 The adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise regulations. 

Because expenses of a flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of
passengers can have a disproportionate effect on an airline’s operating and financial results. Therefore, any general reduction in airline passenger traffic as a result of any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the
Company’s results of operations. In addition, when the airline industry shrinks, airport operating costs are essentially unchanged and must be shared by the remaining operating carriers, which can therefore increase the Company’s costs.

The airline industry is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control, which can impact the Company’s business strategies.

In addition to the unpredictable economic conditions and fuel costs discussed above, the Company, like the airline
industry in general, is impacted by conditions that are largely outside of its control, including, among others: 

•

 Adverse weather and natural disasters; 

•

 Outbreaks of disease; 

•

 Changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns, or demographic trends; 

•

 Actual or potential disruptions in the air traffic control system; 

•

 Changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, industry bankruptcies, and other factors; 

•

 Air traffic congestion and other air traffic control issues; and 

•

 Actual or threatened war, terrorist attacks, and political instability. 

17 

Table of Contents

The airline industry is intensely competitive. 

As discussed in more detail above under “Business — Competition,” the airline industry is extremely competitive. The
Company’s competitors include other major domestic airlines, as well as regional and new entrant airlines, and other forms of transportation, including surface transportation. The Company’s revenues are sensitive to the actions of other
carriers in capacity, pricing, scheduling, codesharing, and promotions.