You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in connection with evaluating the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain statements in "Risk Factors" are forward-looking statements. See "Item 7 — Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements."

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of downturns in the economy.

Consumer demand for hotel/casino resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities we offer is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or corporate spending on conventions and business travel could be driven by many factors, such as: perceived or actual general economic conditions; fear of exposure to a widespread health epidemic, such as the outbreak of a respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China (the "2019 Novel Coronavirus"), resulting in the World Health Organization declaring a global emergency on January 30, 2020, and the Macao government suspending casino operations from February 5, 2020; any weaknesses in the job or housing market; credit market disruptions; high energy, fuel and food costs; the increased cost of travel; the potential for bank failures; perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth; fears of recession 

21

Table of Contents

and changes in consumer confidence in the economy; or fear of war, political instability, civil unrest or future acts of terrorism. These factors could reduce consumer and corporate demand for the luxury amenities and leisure and business activities we offer, thus imposing additional limits on pricing and harming our operations.

Natural or man-made disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious or contagious disease, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war could adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupt our operations, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

So called "Acts of God," such as typhoons and rainstorms, particularly in Macao, and other natural disasters, man-made disasters, outbreaks of highly infectious or contagious diseases, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war may result in decreases in travel to and from, and economic activity in, areas in which we operate, and may adversely affect the number of visitors to our properties. As an example, the 2019 Novel Coronavirus outbreak has resulted in the Chinese government placing quarantines on various cities disallowing residents to travel outside of the quarantined area and the China Individual Visit Scheme to Macao ("China IVS") being suspended. A number of countries have either closed their borders completely or implemented immigration restrictions for visitors traveling from China, and the Macao government suspended casino operations from February 5, 2020. Any of these events may disrupt our ability to staff our business adequately, could generally disrupt our operations and specifically, if the global response to contain the 2019 Novel Coronavirus escalates or is unsuccessful, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Although we have insurance coverage with respect to some of these events, we cannot assure you any such coverage will provide any coverage or be sufficient to indemnify us fully against all direct and indirect costs, including any loss of business that could result from substantial damage to, or partial or complete destruction of, any of our properties.

Our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel. Infectious diseases, acts of terrorism, regional political events and developments in the conflicts in certain countries could cause severe disruptions in air and other forms of travel that reduce the number of visitors to our facilities, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. Only a small amount of our business is and will be generated by local residents. Most of our customers travel to reach our Macao, Singapore and Las Vegas properties. Infectious diseases may severely disrupt domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to Macao, Singapore and Las Vegas, including our properties. The recent 2019 Novel Coronavirus outbreak has resulted in several countries issuing travel warnings and several global airlines suspending flights to and from China. In addition, on February 4, 2020, the Hong Kong SAR government temporarily closed the Hong Kong Macao Ferry Terminal in Hong Kong. Regional political events, acts of terrorism or civil unrest, including those resulting in travelers perceiving areas as unstable or an unwillingness of governments to grant visas, regional conflicts or an outbreak of hostilities or war could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. Management cannot predict the extent to which disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of infectious disease outbreaks, any further terrorist acts, regional political events, regional conflicts or outbreak of hostilities or war would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations that govern our operations in any jurisdiction where we operate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We are required to obtain and maintain licenses from various jurisdictions in order to operate certain aspects of our business, and we are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our gaming business. We also will become subject to regulation in any other jurisdiction where we choose to operate in the future. There can be no assurance we will be able to obtain new licenses or renew any of our existing licenses, or if such licenses are obtained, such licenses will not be conditioned, suspended or revoked; and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our gaming operations and the ownership of our securities are subject to extensive regulation by the Nevada Commission, the Nevada Board and the CCLGLB. The Nevada Gaming Authorities have broad authority with respect to licensing and registration of our business entities and individuals investing in or otherwise involved with us.

22

Table of Contents

Although we currently are registered with, and LVSLLC and VCR currently hold gaming licenses issued by, the Nevada Gaming Authorities, these authorities may, among other things, revoke the gaming license of any corporate entity or the registration of a registered corporation or any entity registered as a holding company of a corporate licensee for violations of gaming regulations.

In addition, the Nevada Gaming Authorities may, under certain circumstances, revoke the license or finding of suitability of any officer, director, controlling person, stockholder, noteholder or key employee of a licensed or registered entity. If our gaming licenses were revoked for any reason, the Nevada Gaming Authorities could require the closing of our casinos, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, compliance costs associated with gaming laws, regulations or licenses are significant. Any change in the laws, regulations or licenses applicable to our business or gaming licenses could require us to make substantial expenditures or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

A similar dynamic exists in all jurisdictions where we operate and a regulatory action against one of our operating entities in any gaming jurisdiction could impact our operations in other gaming jurisdictions where we do business.

We are subject to regulations imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"), which generally prohibits U.S. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We entered into a comprehensive civil administrative settlement with the SEC on April 7, 2016, and a non-prosecution agreement with the Department of Justice (the "DOJ") on January 19, 2017, which resolve all inquiries related to these government investigations and include ongoing reporting obligations to the DOJ through January 2020. Any violation of the FCPA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. Recently, U.S. governmental authorities have evidenced an increased focus on the gaming industry and compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations. For instance, we are subject to regulation under the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, commonly known as the "Bank Secrecy Act" ("BSA"), which, among other things, requires us to report to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ("FinCEN") certain currency transactions in excess of applicable thresholds and certain suspicious activities where we know, suspect or have reason to suspect such transactions involve funds from illegal activity or are intended to violate federal law or regulations or are designed to evade reporting requirements or have no business or lawful purpose. In addition, under the BSA, we are subject to various other rules and regulations involving reporting, recordkeeping and retention. Our compliance with the BSA is subject to periodic audits by the U.S. Treasury Department, and we may be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines, if we fail to comply with applicable regulations. We are also subject to similar regulations in Singapore and Macao, as well as regulations set forth by the gaming authorities in the areas in which we operate. Any such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations, or any accusations of money laundering or regulatory investigations into possible money laundering activities, by any of our properties, employees or customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

There are significant risks associated with our construction projects, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows

We previously announced the renovation, expansion and rebranding of Sands Cotai Central, the addition of approximately 370 luxury suites in The Londoner Tower Suites, the development of approximately 290 additional premium quality suites in The Grand Suites at Four Seasons and the MBS Expansion Project in Singapore. These development projects and any other construction projects we undertake will entail significant risks. Construction activity requires us to obtain qualified contractors and subcontractors, the availability of which may be uncertain. Construction projects are subject to cost overruns and delays caused by events outside of our control or, in certain cases, our contractors' control, such as shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems, work stoppages, weather interference, unanticipated cost increases and unavailability of construction materials or equipment. Construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite materials, licenses, permits, allocations and authorizations from governmental or regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay, jeopardize, prevent the construction or opening of our projects, or otherwise affect the design and 

23

Table of Contents

features. Construction contractors or counterparties for our current projects may be required to bear certain cost overruns for which they are contractually liable, and if such counterparties are unable to meet their obligations, we may incur increased costs for such developments. In addition, the number of ongoing projects and their locations throughout the world present unique challenges and risks to our management structure. If our management is unable to manage successfully our worldwide construction projects, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The anticipated costs and completion dates for our current projects are based on budgets, designs, development and construction documents and schedule estimates are prepared with the assistance of architects and other construction development consultants and are subject to change as the design, development and construction documents are finalized and as actual construction work is performed. A failure to complete our projects on budget or on schedule may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Because we are currently dependent primarily upon our properties in three markets for all of our cash flow, we are subject to greater risks than competitors with more operating properties or that operate in more markets.

We currently do not have material operations other than our Macao, Singapore and Las Vegas properties. As a result, we are primarily dependent upon our properties for all of our cash.

Given our operations are currently conducted primarily at properties in Macao, Singapore and Las Vegas and a large portion of our planned development is in Macao and Singapore, we will be subject to greater degrees of risk than competitors with more operating properties or that operate in more markets. The risks to which we will have a greater degree of exposure include the following:

•

local economic and competitive conditions;

•

natural or man-made disasters, pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of contagious or infectious diseases, such as the 2019 Novel Coronavirus outbreak, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war;

•

inaccessibility due to inclement weather, road construction or closure of primary access routes;

•

decline in air passenger traffic due to higher ticket costs, suspension of flights or fears concerning air travel;

•

changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations;

•

changes in the availability of water; and

•

a decline in the number of visitors to Macao, Singapore or Las Vegas.

We depend on the continued services of key managers and employees. If we do not retain our key personnel or attract and retain other highly skilled employees, our business will suffer.

Our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team, including Sheldon G. Adelson, Robert G. Goldstein and Patrick Dumont. The loss of their services or the services of our other senior managers, or the inability to attract and retain additional senior management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.

The interests of our principal stockholder in our business may be different from yours.

Mr. Adelson, his family members and trusts and other entities established for the benefit of Mr. Adelson and/or his family members (Mr. Adelson, individually our "Principal Stockholder," and the group, collectively our "Principal Stockholder and his family") beneficially own approximately 
57%
 of our outstanding common stock as of 
December 31, 2019
. Accordingly, Mr. Adelson exercises significant influence over our business policies and affairs, including the composition of our Board of Directors and any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the adoption of amendments to our articles of incorporation and the approval of a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets. The concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of Mr. Adelson. The interests of Mr. Adelson may differ from your interests.

24

Table of Contents

We are a parent company and our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries.

We are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. Our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. We conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. Accordingly, our primary sources of cash are dividends and distributions with respect to our ownership interests in our subsidiaries derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. Our subsidiaries might not generate sufficient earnings and cash flow to pay dividends or distributions in the future. For example, if the global response to contain the 2019 Novel Coronavirus escalates, or is unsuccessful, our subsidiaries' ability to generate sufficient earnings and cash flow to pay dividends or distributions may be impacted. Our subsidiaries' payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations. In addition, our Singapore subsidiary's credit agreement, under certain circumstances, may limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. We expect future debt instruments for the financing of future developments may contain similar restrictions.

Our debt instruments, current debt service obligations and substantial indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to timely refinance existing indebtedness, finance additional growth, respond to changes or take some actions that may otherwise be in our best interests.

Our current debt service obligations contain, or any future debt service obligations and instruments may contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to:

•

incur additional debt, including providing guarantees or credit support;

•

incur liens securing indebtedness or other obligations;

•

dispose of certain assets;

•

make certain acquisitions;

•

pay dividends or make distributions and make other restricted payments, such as purchasing equity interests, repurchasing junior indebtedness or making investments in third parties;

•

enter into sale and leaseback transactions;

•

engage in any new businesses;

•

issue preferred stock; and

•

enter into transactions with our stockholders and our affiliates.

In addition, our Macao, Singapore and U.S. credit agreements contain various financial covenants. See "Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — 
Note 8 — 
Long-Term Debt" for further description of these covenants.

As of 
December 31, 2019
, we had 
$12.49 billion
 of long-term debt outstanding, net of original issue discount, deferred offering costs (excluding those costs related to our revolving facilities) and cumulative fair value adjustments. This indebtedness could have important consequences to us. For example, it could:

•

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations;

•

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, such as the impact of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus;

•

impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital needs, capital expenditures, development projects, acquisitions or general corporate purposes;

•

require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds available for our operations and development projects;

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we operate;

•

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and

•

subject us to higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates.

25

Table of Contents

Subject to applicable laws, including gaming laws, and certain agreed upon exceptions, our Singapore debt is secured by liens on substantially all of the assets of our Singapore operations. 

Our ability to timely refinance and replace our indebtedness in the future will depend upon general economic and credit market conditions, approval required by local government regulators, adequate liquidity in the global credit markets, the particular circumstances of the gaming industry, such as the suspension of casino operations by the Macao government from February 5, 2020, and prevalent regulations and our cash flow and operations, in each case as evaluated at the time of such potential refinancing or replacement. For example, we have a principal amount of 
$62 million
 in long-term debt maturing during each of the three years ended December 31, 2022 and 
$1.86 billion
 and 
$1.89 billion
 in long-term debt maturing during the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. If we are unable to refinance or generate sufficient cash flow from operations to repay our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of certain assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments, or reduce dividend payments. There is no assurance any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements.

We may attempt to arrange additional financing to fund the remainder of our planned, and any future, development projects. If such additional financing is necessary, we cannot assure you we will be able to obtain all the financing required for the construction and opening of these projects on suitable terms, if at all.

The LIBOR calculation method may change and LIBOR is expected to be phased out after 2021.

Some of our credit facilities calculate interest on the outstanding principal balance using LIBOR. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") announced it would phase out LIBOR as a benchmark by the end of 2021. In the meantime, actions by the FCA, other regulators or law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the method by which LIBOR is calculated. At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of any such changes or any other reforms to LIBOR that may be enacted in the United Kingdom or elsewhere.

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We record transactions in the functional currencies of our reporting entities. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period, which subjects us to foreign currency translation risks. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the functional currencies of our foreign operations could have an adverse effect on our U.S. dollar financial results. 

In certain instances, our entities whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar may enter, and will continue to enter, into transactions that are denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars. At the date that such transaction is recognized, each asset and liability arising from the transaction is measured and recorded in U.S. dollars using the exchange rate in effect at that date. At each balance sheet date, recorded monetary balances denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars are adjusted to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, with gains or losses recorded in other income (expense), which subjects us to foreign currency transaction risks. 

We are a parent company whose primary source of cash is distributions from our subsidiaries (see "
We are a parent company and our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries.
"). Fluctuations in the U.S. dollar/SGD exchange rate, the U.S. dollar/Macao pataca exchange rate and/or the U.S. dollar/HKD exchange rate could have a material adverse effect on the amount of dividends and distributions from our Singapore and Macao operations. 

On July 21, 2005, the People's Bank of China announced the renminbi will no longer be pegged to the U.S. dollar, but will be allowed to float in a band (and, to a limited extent, increase in value) against a basket of foreign currencies. We cannot assure you the Hong Kong dollar will continue to be pegged to the U.S. dollar and the Macao pataca will continue to be pegged to the Hong Kong dollar or the current peg rate for these currencies will remain at the same level. The floating of the renminbi and possible changes to the pegs of the Macao pataca and/or the Hong Kong dollar may result in severe fluctuations in the exchange rate for these currencies. Any change in such exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our operations and on our ability to make payments on certain of our debt instruments. We 

26

Table of Contents

do not currently hedge foreign currency risk related to the Hong Kong dollar, renminbi or pataca; however, we maintain a significant amount of our operating funds in the same currencies in which we have obligations, thereby reducing our exposure to currency fluctuations.

We extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit players.

We conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis. Any such credit we extend is unsecured. Table games players typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than players who tend to wager lesser amounts. High-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter.

During the year ended 
December 31, 2019
, approximately 
14.7%
, 
23.9%
 and 
66.8%
 of our table games drop at our Macao properties, Marina Bay Sands and our Las Vegas properties, respectively, was from credit-based wagering. We extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. These large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if deemed uncollectible.

While gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of Nevada, and Nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the U.S. Constitution, other jurisdictions around the world, including jurisdictions our gaming customers may come from, may determine, or have determined, enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. Although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the U.S. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from courts in the U.S. and elsewhere are not binding in the courts of many foreign nations.

In particular, we expect our Macao operations will be able to enforce gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including Macao. To the extent our Macao gaming customers and gaming promoters are from other jurisdictions, our Macao operations may not have access to a forum in which it will be possible to collect all gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and our Macao operations may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. Moreover, under applicable law, our Macao operations remain obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers.

It is also possible our Singapore operations may not be able to collect gaming debts because, among other reasons, courts of certain jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts. To the extent our Singapore gaming customers' assets are situated in such jurisdictions, our Singapore operations may not be able to take enforcement action against such assets to facilitate collection of gaming receivables.

 Even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. Our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.

Win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some beyond our control, and the winnings of our gaming customers could exceed our casino winnings.

The gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. In addition to the element of chance, win rates are also affected by other factors, including players' skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the spread of table limits, the volume of bets played and the amount of time played. Our gaming profits are mainly derived from the difference between our casino winnings and the casino winnings of our gaming customers. Since there is an inherent element of chance in the gaming industry, we do not have full control over our winnings or the winnings of our gaming customers. If the winnings of our gaming customers exceed our winnings, we may record a loss from our gaming operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We face the risk of fraud and cheating.

Our gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or cheat in order to increase winnings. Acts of fraud or cheating could involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. Internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers 

27

Table of Contents

or other casino or gaming area staff. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our gaming operations. In addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

A failure to establish and protect our IP rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We endeavor to establish, protect and enforce our IP, including our trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information. There can be no assurance, however, the steps we take to protect our IP will be sufficient. If a third party successfully challenges our trademarks, we could have difficulty maintaining exclusive rights. If a third party claims we have infringed, currently infringe, or could in the future infringe upon its IP rights, we may need to cease use of such IP, defend our rights or take other steps. In addition, if third parties violate their obligations to us to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information or there is a security breach or lapse, or if third parties misappropriate or infringe upon our IP, our business may be affected. Our inability to adequately obtain, maintain or defend our IP rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. In addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain the same insurance coverage, or the scope of insurance coverage we deem necessary, in the future.

We have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our properties in operation, as well as those in the course of construction, with coverage features and insured limits we believe are customary in their breadth and scope. Market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. Certain types of losses, generally of a pandemic or catastrophic nature, such as infectious disease, earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, or terrorist acts, or certain liabilities may be, or are, uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. As a result, we may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. In addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. As a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.

Certain of our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance. Failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements.

Conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of SCL.

In November 2009, our subsidiary, SCL, listed its ordinary shares on The Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the "SCL Offering"). We currently own 
70.0%
 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of SCL. As a result of SCL having stockholders who are not affiliated with us, we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of SCL may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of SCL. Decisions that could have different implications for us and SCL, including contractual arrangements we have entered into or may in the future enter into with SCL, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest.

Changes in tax laws and regulations could impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We are subject to taxation and regulation by various government agencies, primarily in Macao, Singapore and the U.S. (federal, state and local levels). From time to time, U.S. federal, state, local and foreign governments make substantive changes to income tax, indirect tax and gaming tax rules and the application of these rules, which could result in higher taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law or interpretation, such as the casino tax rates in Singapore that will increase and move to a tiered structure on March 1, 2022. In particular, government agencies may make changes that could reduce the profits we can effectively realize from our non-U.S. operations. Like most U.S. companies, our effective income tax rate reflects the fact that income earned and reinvested outside the U.S. is taxed at local rates, which are often lower than U.S. tax rates. 

28

Table of Contents

If changes in tax laws and regulations were to significantly increase the tax rates on gaming revenues or income, these changes could increase our tax expense and liability, and therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The failure to maintain the integrity of our information and information systems or comply with applicable privacy and data security requirements and regulations could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

Our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of data and non-electronic information, including credit card numbers and other information in various information systems we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract and may share data. We also maintain internal information about our employees and information relating to our operations. The integrity and protection of that information are important to us. Our collection of such information is subject to extensive private and governmental regulation.

Privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations are developing and changing frequently, and vary significantly by jurisdiction. We may incur significant costs in our efforts to comply with the various applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations as they emerge and change. Compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations also may adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties, and services to our guests and patrons. Non-compliance by us, or potentially by third parties with which we share information, with any applicable privacy and cybersecurity law or regulation, including accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unauthorized access or dissemination, or breach of security may result in damage to our reputation and could subject us to fines, penalties, required corrective actions, lawsuits, payment of damages, or restrictions on our use or transfer of data.

We have experienced a sophisticated criminal cybersecurity attack in the past and may experience with more frequency global cybersecurity and information security threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. There has been an increase in criminal cybersecurity attacks against companies where customer and company information has been compromised and company data has been destroyed. Our information systems and records, including those we maintain with third-party service providers, may be subject to cyber-attacks and information security breaches. Cyber-attacks and information security breaches may include attempts to access information, computer malware such as viruses, denial of service, ransomware attacks that encrypt, exfiltrate, or otherwise render data unusable or unavailable in an effort to extort money or other consideration as a condition to purportedly returning the data to a usable form, operator errors or misuse, or inadvertent releases of data or documents, and other forms of electronic and non-electronic information security breaches. Our data security measures are reviewed regularly and we rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission, and storage of customer and employee information. We also rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage our businesses. Our third-party information system service providers and other third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual agreements also face risks relating to cybersecurity and privacy, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security or privacy operations. For example, the systems currently used for the transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not us. Our gaming operations rely heavily on technology services provided by third parties. In the event there is an interruption of these services to us, it may have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Disruptions in the availability of our computer systems, or those of third parties we engage to provide gaming operating systems for the facilities we operate, through cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales and the results of operations.

A significant theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use of information maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations and management team and result in remediation expenses (including liability for stolen assets or information, repairing system damage and offering incentives to customers or business partners to maintain their relationships after an attack) and regulatory fines, penalties and corrective actions, or lawsuits by regulators, third-party service providers, third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual agreements and/or people whose data is or may be impacted. Such theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use could also result in litigation by stockholders. Advances in computer software capabilities and encryption technology, new tools, and other developments, including continuously evolving attack methods that may exploit vulnerabilities based on these advances, may increase the risk of a security breach or other intrusion. In addition, we may incur increased cybersecurity and privacy protection costs that may include organizational changes, deploying 

29

Table of Contents

additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging third-party experts and consultants. There can be no assurance the insurance the Company has in place relating to cybersecurity and privacy risks will be sufficient in the event of a major cybersecurity or privacy event. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Because we own real property, we are subject to extensive environmental regulation, which creates uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities.

We have incurred and will continue to incur costs to comply with environmental requirements, such as those relating to discharges into the air, water and land, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and the cleanup of properties affected by hazardous substances. Under these and other environmental requirements, we may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at our properties and may be held responsible to governmental entities or third parties, as an owner or operator, for property damage, personal injury and investigation and cleanup costs incurred by them in connection with any contamination. These laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. The costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial, and the presence of those substances, or the failure to remediate a property properly, may impair our ability to use our properties.

Risks Associated with Our International Operations

We will stop generating any gaming revenues from our Macao operations if we cannot secure an extension of our subconcession in 2022 or if the Macao government exercises its redemption right.

Our subconcession agreement expires on June 26, 2022. Unless our subconcession is extended, all of Venetian Macao Limited's ("VML") casino premises and gaming-related equipment will be transferred automatically to the Macao government on that date without compensation to us and we will cease to generate gaming revenues from these operations. Beginning on December 26, 2017, the Macao government may redeem the subconcession agreement by providing us at least one-year prior notice. In the event the Macao government exercises this redemption right, we are entitled to fair compensation or indemnity. The amount of this compensation or indemnity will be determined based on the amount of gaming and non-gaming revenue generated by The Venetian Macao during the tax year prior to the redemption multiplied by the number of remaining years before expiration of the subconcession. We cannot assure you we will be able to renew or extend our subconcession agreement on terms favorable to us or at all. We also cannot assure you that if our subconcession is redeemed, the compensation paid will be adequate to compensate us for the loss of future revenues.

Our Macao subconcession and Singapore concession can be terminated under certain circumstances without compensation to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The Macao government has the right, after consultation with Galaxy Casino Company Limited, to unilaterally terminate our subconcession in the event of VML's serious non-compliance with its basic obligations under the subconcession and applicable Macao laws. Upon termination of our subconcession, our casinos and gaming-related equipment would automatically be transferred to the Macao government without compensation to us and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. The loss of our subconcession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in Macao, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The development agreements between MBS and the STB contains events of default that could permit the STB to terminate the agreement without compensation to us. If the development agreements are terminated, we could lose our right to operate the Marina Bay Sands and our investment in Marina Bay Sands could be lost.

The number of visitors to Macao, particularly visitors from mainland China, may decline or travel to Macao may be disrupted.

Our VIP and mass market gaming customers typically come from nearby destinations in Asia, including mainland China, Hong Kong, South Korea and Japan. Increasingly, a significant number of gaming customers come to our casinos from mainland China. Any slowdown in economic growth or changes of China's current restrictions on travel and currency movements could further disrupt the number of visitors from mainland China to our casinos in Macao as well as the amounts they are willing and able to spend while at our properties.

30

Table of Contents

The 2019 Novel Coronavirus outbreak has resulted in the Chinese government placing quarantines on various cities disallowing residents to travel outside of the quarantined area and the China IVS being suspended. The Hong Kong SAR government temporarily closed the Hong Kong Macao Ferry Terminal in Hong Kong, and several global airlines have suspended flights to and from China. A number of countries, including Singapore and the United States, have issued travel warnings with regard to China and implemented steps to restrict inbound travel from China. Macao has experienced an 83% decrease in visitation during the first seven days of the Chinese New Year in January 2020, versus the comparable period in 2019.

Policies and measures adopted from time to time by the Chinese government include restrictions imposed on exit visas granted to residents of mainland China for travel to Macao and Hong Kong. These measures have, and any future policy developments implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to Macao from mainland China, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in Macao.

Our Macao and Singapore operations face intense competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The hotel, resort and casino businesses are highly competitive. Our Macao operations currently compete with numerous other casinos located in Macao. Additional Macao facilities announced by our competitors and the increasing capacity of hotel rooms in Macao could add to the competitive dynamic of the market.

Our Macao and Singapore operations will also compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in Asia, including South Korea, Malaysia, Philippines, Australia, Cambodia and elsewhere in the world, including Las Vegas, as well as online gaming and cruise ships that offer gaming. Our operations also face increased competition from new developments in Malaysia, Australia and South Korea. In addition, certain countries have legalized, and others may in the future legalize, casino gaming, including Japan, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam.

The proliferation of gaming venues, especially in Southeast Asia, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The Macao and Singapore governments could grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We hold a subconcession under one of only six gaming concessions and subconcessions authorized by the Macao government to operate casinos in Macao through June 26, 2022. We hold one of two licenses granted by the Singapore government to operate a casino in Singapore during an exclusive period expiring on January 1, 2031. If the Macao government were to allow additional gaming operators in Macao or the Singapore government were to license additional casinos, we would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We compete for limited management and labor resources in Macao and Singapore, and policies of those governments may also affect our ability to employ imported managers or labor.

Our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and motivate skilled managers and employees at our properties. The Macao government requires we only hire Macao residents in our casinos for certain employee roles, including as dealers. In addition, we are required in Macao to obtain visas and work permits for managers and employees we seek to employ from other countries. There is significant competition in Macao and Singapore for managers and employees with the skills required to perform the services we offer and competition for these individuals in Macao is likely to increase as other competitors expand their operations.

We may have to recruit managers and employees from other countries to adequately staff and manage our properties and certain Macao government policies affect our ability to hire non-resident managers and employees in certain job classifications. Despite our coordination with the Macao labor and immigration authorities to ensure our management and labor needs are satisfied, we may not be able to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified managers or employees for our operations or the Macao labor and immigration authorities may not grant us the necessary visas or work permits.

If we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled managers and employees, and obtain any required visas or work permits for our skilled managers and employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing 

31

Table of Contents