The following significant factors, as well as others of which we
 are unaware or deem to be immaterial at this time, could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or
 operating results in the future. Therefore, the following
 information should be considered carefully together with other
 information contained in this report. Past financial performance
 may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and
 historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or
 trends in future periods.

 Economic weakness
 and uncertainty and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations,
 could adversely impact the Company’s revenue, operating
 income and other financial results.

 • 

 The tightening of the credit markets, disruption in the
 financial markets, and global economic recession that began in
 late 2008 contributed to a significant economic downturn in the
 imaging industry. Although economic and market conditions have
 improved, continuing difficulties in the financial markets and
 global economic uncertainty could adversely affect the
 Company’s results in future periods. During an economic
 downturn, demand for the Company’s products may decrease.
 Restrictions on credit globally and foreign currency exchange
 rate fluctuations in certain countries may impact economic
 activity and the Company’s results. Credit risk associated
 with the Company’s customers, channel partners and the
 Company’s investment portfolio may also be adversely
 impacted. The interest rate environment and general economic
 conditions could also impact the investment income the Company
 is able to earn on its investment portfolio.

 • 

 Continued softness in certain markets and industries,
 constrained IT spending, and uncertainty about global economic
 conditions could result in lower demand for the Company’s
 products, including supplies. Weakness in demand has resulted in
 intense price competition and may result in excessive inventory
 for the Company
 and/or its
 reseller channel, which may adversely affect sales, pricing,
 risk of obsolescence

and/or other
 elements of the Company’s operating results. Ongoing
 weakness in demand for the Company’s hardware products may
 also cause erosion of the

 15

Table of Contents

 installed base of products over time, thereby reducing the
 opportunities for supplies sales in the future.

 The competitive
 pricing pressure in the market may negatively impact the
 Company’s operating results.

 • 

 The Company and its major competitors, many of which have
 significantly greater financial, marketing
 and/or
 technological resources than the Company, have regularly lowered
 prices on their products and are expected to continue to do so.
 In particular, both the inkjet and laser printer markets have
 experienced and are expected to continue to experience
 significant price pressure. Price reductions on inkjet or laser
 products, including related supplies or the inability to reduce
 costs and expenses, could result in lower profitability and
 jeopardize the Company’s ability to grow or maintain its
 market share. In recent years, the gross margins on the
 Company’s hardware products have been under pressure as a
 result of competitive pricing pressures in the market. If the
 Company is unable to reduce costs to offset this competitive
 pricing or product mix pressure, and the Company is unable to
 support declining gross margins through the sale of supplies,
 the Company’s operating results and future profitability
 may be negatively impacted.

 The
 Company’s ability to be successful in shifting its strategy
 and selling its products into the higher-usage segments of the
 inkjet market could adversely affect future operating
 results.

 • 

 The Company is continuing its transition into the higher-usage
 segments of the inkjet market. The Company’s future
 operating results may be adversely affected if it is unable to
 successfully market and sell its high-end inkjet printers
 designed for small to medium-sized business, as well as develop
 and manufacture additional products, designed for the geographic
 and customer and product segments of the inkjet market that
 support higher usage of supplies.

 The
 Company’s failure to manage inventory levels or production
 capacity may negatively impact the Company’s operating
 results.

 • 

 The Company’s performance depends in part upon its ability
 to successfully forecast the timing and extent of customer
 demand and reseller demand to manage worldwide distribution and
 inventory levels of the Company. Unexpected fluctuations (up or
 down) in customer demand or in reseller inventory levels could
 disrupt ordering patterns and may adversely affect the
 Company’s financial results, inventory levels and cash
 flows. In addition, the financial failure or loss of a key
 customer, reseller or supplier could have a material adverse
 impact on the Company’s financial results. The Company must
 also be able to address production and supply constraints,
 including product disruptions caused by quality issues, and
 delays or disruptions in the supply of key components necessary
 for production. Such delays, disruptions or shortages may result
 in lost revenue or in the Company incurring additional costs to
 meet customer demand. The Company’s future operating
 results and its ability to effectively grow or maintain its
 market share may be adversely affected if it is unable to
 address these issues on a timely basis.

 Conflicts among
 various sales channels and the loss of shelf space may
 negatively impact the Company’s operating
 results.

 • 

 The Company markets and sells its products through several sales
 channels. The Company has also advanced a strategy of forming
 alliances and OEM arrangements with many companies. The
 Company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected by any conflicts that might arise between or among its
 various sales channels, the volume reduction in or loss of any
 alliance or OEM arrangement or the loss of shelf space.

 16

Table of Contents

 The revenue and
 profitability of our operations have historically varied, which
 makes our future financial results less predictable.

 • 

 Our revenue, gross margin and profit vary among our hardware,
 supplies and services, product groups and geographic markets and
 therefore will likely be different in future periods than our
 current results. Overall gross margins and profitability in any
 given period is dependent upon the hardware/supplies mix, the
 mix of hardware products sold, and the geographic mix reflected
 in that period’s revenue. Overall market trends, seasonal
 market trends, competitive pressures, pricing, commoditization
 of products, increased component or shipping costs and other
 factors may result in reductions in revenue or pressure on gross
 margins in a given period.

 The Company may
 experience difficulties in product transitions negatively
 impacting the Company’s performance and operating
 results.

 • 

 The introduction of products by the Company or its competitors,
 or delays in customer purchases of existing products in
 anticipation of new product introductions by the Company or its
 competitors and market acceptance of new products and pricing
 programs, any disruption in the supply of new or existing
 products as well as the costs of any product recall or increased
 warranty, repair or replacement costs due to quality issues, the
 reaction of competitors to any such new products or programs,
 the life cycles of the Company’s products, as well as
 delays in product development and manufacturing, and variations
 in cost, including but not limited to component parts, raw
 materials, commodities, energy, products, labor rates,
 distributors, fuel and variations in supplier terms and
 conditions, may impact sales, may cause a buildup in the
 Company’s inventories, make the transition from current
 products to new products difficult and could adversely affect
 the Company’s future operating results.

 The
 Company’s inability to develop new products and enhance
 existing products to meet customer product requirements on a
 cost competitive basis may negatively impact the Company’s
 operating results.

 • 

 The Company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected if it is unable to continue to develop, manufacture and
 market products that are reliable, competitive, and meet
 customers’ needs. The markets for laser and inkjet products
 and associated supplies are aggressively competitive, especially
 with respect to pricing and the introduction of new technologies
 and products offering improved features and functionality. In
 addition, the introduction of any significant new
 and/or
 disruptive technology or business model by a competitor that
 substantially changes the markets into which the Company sells
 its products or demand for the products sold by the Company
 could severely impact sales of the Company’s products and
 the Company’s operating results. The impact of competitive
 activities on the sales volumes or revenue of the Company, or
 the Company’s inability to effectively deal with these
 competitive issues, could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s ability to attract and retain OEM customers,
 maintain or grow retail shelf space or maintain or grow market
 share. The competitive pressure to develop technology and
 products and to increase the Company’s investment in
 research and development and marketing expenditures also could
 cause significant changes in the level of the Company’s
 operating expense.

 Decreased
 consumption of supplies could negatively impact the
 Company’s operating results.

 • 

 The Company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected if the consumption of its supplies by end users of its
 products is lower than expected or declines, if there are
 declines in pricing, unfavorable mix
 and/or
 increased costs.

 • 

 Changes of printing behavior driven by adoption of electronic
 processes
 and/or use
 of mobile devices such as tablets and smart phones by businesses
 could result in a reduction in printing, which could adversely
 impact consumption of supplies.

 17

Table of Contents

 Any failure by
 the Company to execute planned cost reduction measures timely
 and successfully could result in total costs and expenses that
 are greater than expected or the failure to meet operational
 goals as a result of such actions.

 • 

 The Company has undertaken cost reduction measures over the last
 few years in an effort to optimize the Company’s cost and
 expense structure. Such actions have included workforce
 reductions, the consolidation of facilities, operations
 functions and manufacturing capacity, and the centralization of
 support functions to regional and global shared service centers.
 In particular, the Company’s manufacturing and support
 functions are becoming more heavily concentrated in China and
 the Philippines. The Company expects to realize cost savings in
 the future through these actions and may announce future actions
 to further reduce its worldwide workforce
 and/or
 centralize its operations. The risks associated with these
 actions include potential delays in their implementation,
 particularly workforce reductions; increased costs associated
 with such actions; decreases in employee morale and the failure
 to meet operational targets due to unplanned departures of
 employees, particularly key employees and sales employees.

 Changes in the
 Company’s tax provisions or tax liabilities could
 negatively impact the Company’s profitability.

 • 

 The Company’s future income taxes could be adversely
 affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in
 jurisdictions where the Company has lower statutory tax rates
 and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where the Company
 has higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of
 the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities, as a
 result of gains on the management of the Company’s foreign
 exchange risks, or changes in tax laws, regulations, and
 accounting principles. The Company is subject to regular review
 and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. Any
 adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative
 effect on the Company’s operating results and financial
 condition.

 • 

 In addition, the determination of the Company’s worldwide
 provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires
 significant judgment, and there are many transactions and
 calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
 Although the Company, and its legal and financial advisors,
 believe the Company’s estimates are reasonable, the
 ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in the
 Company’s financial statements and may materially affect
 the Company’s financial results in the period or periods
 for which such determination is made. A material assessment by a
 taxing authority or a decision to repatriate foreign cash could
 adversely affect the Company’s profitability.

 Due to the
 international nature of our business, changes in a
 country’s or region’s political or economic conditions
 or other factors could negatively impact the Company’s
 revenue, financial condition or operating results.

 • 

 Revenue derived from international sales make up more than half
 of the Company’s revenue. Accordingly, the Company’s
 future results could be adversely affected by a variety of
 factors, including changes in a specific country’s or
 region’s political or economic conditions, foreign currency
 exchange rate fluctuations, trade protection measures and
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements. In addition,
 changes in tax laws and the ability to repatriate cash
 accumulated outside the U.S. in a tax efficient manner may
 adversely affect the Company’s financial results,
 investment flexibility and operations. Moreover, margins on
 international sales tend to be lower than those on domestic
 sales, and the Company believes that international operations in
 emerging geographic markets will be less profitable than
 operations in the U.S. and European markets, in part,
 because of the higher investment levels for marketing, selling
 and distribution required to enter these markets.

 • 

 In many foreign countries, particularly those with developing
 economies, it is common for local business practices to be
 prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to the Company,
 such as

 18

Table of Contents

 employment laws, fair trade laws or the Foreign Corrupt
 Practices Act. Although the Company implements policies and
 procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, our
 employees, contractors and agents, as well as those business
 partners to which we outsource certain of our business
 operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any
 such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a
 material adverse effect on our business and our reputation.
 Because of the challenges in managing a geographically dispersed
 workforce, there also may be additional opportunities for
 employees to commit fraud or personally engage in practices
 which violate the policies and procedures of the Company.

 The failure of
 the Company’s information technology systems, or its
 failure to successfully implement new information technology
 systems, may negatively impact the Company’s operating
 results.

 • 

 The Company depends on its information technology systems for
 the development, manufacture, distribution, marketing, sales and
 support of its products and services. Any failure in such
 systems, or the systems of a partner or supplier, may adversely
 affect the Company’s operating results. The Company also
 may not be successful in implementing new systems or
 transitioning data, including a current project to implement a
 new enterprise-wide system. Because vast quantities of the
 Company’s products flow through only a few distribution
 centers to provide product to various geographic regions, the
 failure of information technology systems or any other
 disruption affecting those product distribution centers could
 have a material adverse impact on the Company’s ability to
 deliver product and on the Company’s financial results.

 Any failure by
 the Company to successfully centralize certain of its support
 functions may disrupt these functions and could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s systems of internal control
 and financial reporting.

 • 

 The Company is continuing the process of centralizing certain of
 its accounting and other finance functions and
 order-to-cash
 functions from various countries to shared service centers. The
 Company is also continuing the process of reducing,
 consolidating and moving various parts of its general and
 administrative resource, supply chain resource and marketing and
 sales support structure. Many of these processes and functions
 are moving to lower-cost countries, including China, Hungary,
 India and the Philippines. Any disruption in these systems,
 processes or functions could have a material adverse impact on
 the Company’s operations, its financial results, its
 systems of internal controls and its ability to accurately
 record and report transactions and financial results.

 The
 Company’s reliance on international production facilities,
 international manufacturing partners and certain key suppliers
 could negatively impact the Company’s operating
 results.

 • 

 The Company relies in large part on its international production
 facilities and international manufacturing partners, many of
 which are located in China and the Philippines, for the
 manufacture of its products and key components of its products.
 Future operating results may also be adversely affected by
 several other factors, including, without limitation, if the
 Company’s international operations or manufacturing
 partners are unable to perform or supply products reliably, if
 there are disruptions in international trade, trade
 restrictions, import duties, “Buy American”
 constraints, disruptions at important geographic points of exit
 and entry, if there are difficulties in transitioning such
 manufacturing activities among the Company, its international
 operations
 and/or its
 manufacturing partners, or if there arise production and supply
 constraints which result in additional costs to the Company. The
 financial failure or loss of a sole supplier or significant
 supplier of products or key components, or their inability to
 produce the required quantities, could result in a material
 adverse impact on the Company’s operating results.

 19

Table of Contents

 The entrance of
 additional competitors that are focused on printing solutions
 and software solutions, including ECM solutions, could
 negatively impact the Company’s strategy and operating
 results.

 • 

 The entrance of additional competitors that are focused on
 printing solutions could further intensify competition in the
 inkjet and laser printer markets and could have a material
 adverse impact on the Company’s strategy and financial
 results.

 • 

 The Company acquired Perceptive Software in 2010 to strengthen
 its industry workflow solutions and to compete in the ECM and
 document-process automation software solutions market and the
 entrance of additional competitors that are focused on ECM
 solutions could materially impact the Company’s strategy to
 expand in this market and adversely affect the Company’s
 financial results.

 The Company may
 fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of any
 investments, acquisitions or other significant transactions,
 which could harm our financial results.

 • 

 As part of our business strategy, the Company routinely
 discusses, evaluates opportunities, and may enter into
 agreements regarding possible investments, acquisitions, and
 other transactions. Such transactions, including our acquisition
 of Perceptive Software, routinely involve significant risks and
 challenges and the Company may not be able to realize all of the
 anticipated benefits of such transactions. The Company may not
 be able to identify suitable opportunities on terms acceptable
 to the Company. The transaction may fail to advance the
 Company’s business strategy. The Company may not realize a
 satisfactory return on our investment. The Company may not be
 able to obtain regulatory or other approvals required for the
 transaction. The future business operations of an acquired
 entity may not be successful. The Company may not be able to
 retain customers and key employees of an acquired entity. The
 Company may not be able to realize expense synergies and revenue
 expansion goals. Disruptions from the transaction could harm
 relationships with the Company’s or the acquired
 entity’s existing customers, business partners, employees
 and suppliers. The Company may face a difficult time integrating
 new employees, business systems and technology. Intangible
 assets and goodwill recognized by the Company in the acquisition
 could become impaired if subsequent measurements of fair value
 and implied value, respectively, do not support the carrying
 values of such assets.

 The
 Company’s inability to perform satisfactorily under service
 contracts for managed print services may negatively impact the
 Company’s strategy and operating results.

 • 

 The Company’s inability to perform satisfactorily under
 service contracts for managed print services and other customer
 services may result in the loss of customers, loss of reputation
 and/or
 financial consequences that may have a material adverse impact
 on the Company’s financial results and strategy.

 Increased
 competition in the Company’s aftermarket supplies business
 may negatively impact the Company’s revenue and gross
 margins.

 • 

 Refill, remanufactured, clones, counterfeits and other
 compatible alternatives for some of the Company’s
 cartridges are available and compete with the Company’s
 supplies business. The Company expects competitive supplies
 activity to increase. Various legal challenges and governmental
 activities may intensify competition for the Company’s
 aftermarket supplies business.

 New legislation,
 fees on the Company’s products or litigation costs required
 to protect the Company’s rights may negatively impact the
 Company’s cost structure, access to components and
 operating results.

 • 

 Certain countries (primarily in Europe)
 and/or
 collecting societies representing copyright owners’
 interests have commenced proceedings to impose fees on devices
 (such as scanners, printers and multifunction devices) alleging
 the copyright owners are entitled to compensation because these
 devices enable reproducing copyrighted content. Other countries
 are also considering imposing fees on certain devices. The
 amount of fees, if imposed, would depend on the number of
 products

 20

Table of Contents

 sold and the amounts of the fee on each product, which will vary
 by product and by country. The financial impact on the Company,
 which will depend in large part upon the outcome of local
 legislative processes, the Company’s and other industry
 participants’ outcome in contesting the fees and the
 Company’s ability to mitigate that impact by increasing
 prices, which ability will depend upon competitive market
 conditions, remains uncertain. The outcome of the copyright fee
 issue could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results and business.

 The
 Company’s inability to obtain and protect its intellectual
 property and defend against claims of infringement by others may
 negatively impact the Company’s operating
 results.

 • 

 The Company’s success depends in part on its ability to
 develop technology and obtain patents, copyrights and
 trademarks, and maintain trade secret protection, to protect its
 intellectual property against theft, infringement or other
 misuse by others. The Company must also conduct its operations
 without infringing the proprietary rights of others. Current or
 future claims of intellectual property infringement could
 prevent the Company from obtaining technology of others and
 could otherwise materially and adversely affect its operating
 results or business, as could expenses incurred by the Company
 in obtaining intellectual property rights, enforcing its
 intellectual property rights against others or defending against
 claims that the Company’s products infringe the
 intellectual property rights of others, that the Company engages
 in false or deceptive practices or that its conduct is
 anti-competitive.

 The inability to
 attract, retain and motivate key employees could adversely
 affect the Company’s operating results.

 • 

 In order to compete, the Company must attract, retain, and
 motivate executives and other key employees, and its failure to
 do so could harm the Company’s results of operations.
 Hiring and retaining qualified executives, engineers, technical
 staff, sales, marketing and IT support positions are critical to
 the Company’s business, and competition for experienced
 employees in our industry can be intense. To help attract,
 retain, and motivate qualified employees, the Company must offer
 a competitive compensation package, including cash, cash-based
 incentive awards and share-based incentive awards, such as
 restricted stock units. Because the cash-based and share-based
 incentive awards are dependent upon the performance conditions
 relating to the Company’s performance and the performance
 of the price of the Company’s common stock, the future
 value of such awards are uncertain. If the anticipated value of
 such incentive awards do not materialize, or if the total
 compensation package ceases to be viewed as competitive, the
 Company’s ability to attract, retain, and motivate
 employees could be weakened, which could harm the Company’s
 results of operations.

 Business
 disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and
 financial condition and increase our costs and
 expenses.

 • 

 Our worldwide operations and those of our manufacturing
 partners, suppliers, and freight transporters, among others, are
 subject to natural and manmade disasters and other business
 interruptions such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes,
 typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, environmental
 hazards, power shortages, water shortages and telecommunications
 failures. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions
 could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and
 increase our costs and expenses. As the Company continues its
 consolidation of certain functions into shared service centers
 and movement of certain functions to lower cost countries, the
 probability and impact of business disruptions may be increased
 over time.

 21

Table of Contents

 Terrorist acts,
 acts of war or other political conflicts may negatively impact
 the Company’s ability to manufacture and sell its
 products.

 • 

 Terrorist attacks and the potential for future terrorist attacks
 have created many political and economic uncertainties, some of
 which may affect the Company’s future operating results.
 Future terrorist attacks, the national and international
 responses to such attacks, and other acts of war or hostility
 may affect the Company’s facilities, employees, suppliers,
 customers, transportation networks and supply chains, or may
 affect the Company in ways that are not capable of being
 predicted presently.

 Any variety of
 factors unrelated to the Company’s operating performance
 may negatively impact the Company’s operating results or
 the Company’s stock price.

 • 

 Factors unrelated to the Company’s operating performance,
 including the financial failure or loss of significant
 customers, resellers, manufacturing partners or suppliers; the
 outcome of pending and future litigation or governmental
 proceedings; and the ability to retain and attract key
 personnel, could also adversely affect the Company’s
 operating results. In addition, the Company’s stock price,
 like that of other technology companies, can be volatile.
 Trading activity in the Company’s common stock,
 particularly the trading of large blocks and intraday trading in
 the Company’s common stock, may affect the Company’s
 common stock price.