The following significant factors, as well as others of which we
 are unaware or deem to be immaterial at this time, could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or
 operating results in the future. Therefore, the following
 information should be considered carefully together with other
 information contained in this report. Past financial performance
 may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and
 historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or
 trends in future periods.

 The
 Company’s ability to be successful in shifting its strategy
 and selling its products into the higher-usage segments of the
 inkjet market.

 • 

 The Company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected if it is unable to successfully develop, manufacture,
 market and sell products into the geographic and customer and
 product segments of the inkjet market that support higher usage
 of supplies.

 The Company may
 experience difficulties in product transitions negatively
 impacting the Company’s performance and operating
 results.

 • 

 The introduction of products by the Company or its competitors,
 or delays in customer purchases of existing products in
 anticipation of new product introductions by the Company or its
 competitors and market acceptance of new products and pricing
 programs, any disruption in the supply of new or existing
 products as well as the costs of any product recall or increased
 warranty, repair or replacement costs due to quality issues, the
 reaction of competitors to any such new products or programs,
 the life cycles of the Company’s products, as well as
 delays in product development and manufacturing, and variations
 in cost, including but not limited to component parts, raw
 materials, commodities, energy, products, distributors, fuel and
 variations in supplier terms and conditions, may impact sales,
 may cause a buildup in the Company’s inventories, make the
 transition from current products to new products difficult and
 could adversely affect the Company’s future operating
 results.

 Weak economic
 conditions could negatively impact sales of the Company’s
 products and future operating results.

 • 

 Unfavorable global economic conditions may adversely impact the
 Company’s future operating results. The Company continues
 to experience some weak markets for its products. Continued
 softness in certain markets and uncertainty about global
 economic conditions could result in lower demand for the
 Company’s products, particularly supplies. Weakness in
 demand has resulted in intense price competition and may result
 in excessive inventory for the Company
 and/or its
 reseller channel, which may adversely affect sales, pricing,
 risk of obsolescence

and/or other
 elements of the Company’s operating results. Ongoing
 weakness in demand for the Company’s hardware products may
 also cause erosion of the installed base of products over time,
 thereby reducing the opportunities for supplies sales in the
 future.

 The revenue and
 profitability of our operations have historically varied, which
 makes our future financial results less predictable.

 • 

 Our revenue, gross margin and profit vary among our hardware,
 supplies and services, product groups and geographic markets and
 therefore will likely be different in future periods than our
 current results. Overall gross margins and profitability in any
 given period is dependent upon the hardware/supplies mix, the
 mix of hardware products sold, and the geographic mix reflected
 in that period’s revenue. Overall market trends, seasonal
 market trends, competitive pressures, pricing, commoditization
 of products, increased component or shipping costs and other
 factors may result in reductions in revenue or pressure on gross
 margins in a given period.

 12

 The
 Company’s inability to meet customer product requirements
 on a cost competitive basis may negatively impact the
 Company’s operating results.

 • 

 The Company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected if it is unable to continue to develop, manufacture and
 market products that are reliable, competitive, and meet
 customers’ needs. The markets for laser and inkjet products
 and associated supplies are aggressively competitive, especially
 with respect to pricing and the introduction of new technologies
 and products offering improved features and functionality. In
 addition, the introduction of any significant new
 and/or
 disruptive technology or business model by a competitor that
 substantially changes the markets into which the Company sells
 its products or demand for the products sold by the Company
 could severely impact sales of the Company’s products and
 the Company’s operating results. The impact of competitive
 activities on the sales volumes or revenue of the Company, or
 the Company’s inability to effectively deal with these
 competitive issues, could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s ability to attract and retain OEM customers,
 maintain or grow retail shelf space or maintain or grow market
 share. The competitive pressure to develop technology and
 products and to increase the Company’s investment in
 research and development and marketing expenditures also could
 cause significant changes in the level of the Company’s
 operating expense.

 Any failure by
 the Company to execute planned cost reduction measures timely
 and successfully could result in total costs and expenses that
 are greater than expected or the failure to meet operational
 goals as a result of such actions.

 • 

 The Company has undertaken cost reduction measures over the last
 few years in an effort to optimize the Company’s expense
 structure. Such actions have included workforce reductions, the
 consolidation of manufacturing capacity, and the centralization
 of support functions to shared service centers in each
 geography. In particular, the Company’s manufacturing and
 support functions are becoming more heavily concentrated in
 China and the Philippines. The Company expects to realize cost
 savings in the future through these actions and may announce
 future actions to further reduce its worldwide workforce
 and/or
 centralize its operations. The risks associated with these
 actions include potential delays in their implementation,
 particularly workforce reductions, due to regulatory
 requirements; increased costs associated with such actions;
 decreases in employee morale and the failure to meet operational
 targets due to unplanned departures of employees, particularly
 key employees and sales employees.

 The competitive
 pricing pressure in the market may negatively impact the
 Company’s operating results.

 • 

 The Company and its major competitors, many of which have
 significantly greater financial, marketing
 and/or
 technological resources than the Company, have regularly lowered
 prices on their products and are expected to continue to do so.
 In particular, both the inkjet and laser printer markets have
 experienced and are expected to continue to experience
 significant price pressure. Price reductions on inkjet or laser
 products or the inability to reduce costs, including warranty
 costs, to contain expenses or to increase or maintain sales as
 currently expected, as well as price protection measures, could
 result in lower profitability and jeopardize the Company’s
 ability to grow or maintain its market share. In recent years,
 the gross margins on the Company’s hardware products have
 been under pressure as a result of competitive pricing pressures
 in the market. If the Company is unable to reduce costs to
 offset this competitive pricing or product mix pressure, and the
 Company is unable to support declining gross margins through the
 sale of supplies, the Company’s operating results and
 future profitability may be negatively impacted. Historically,
 the Company has not experienced significant supplies pricing
 pressure, but if supplies pricing was to come under significant
 pressure, the Company’s financial results could be
 materially adversely affected.

 13

 The entrance of
 additional competitors that are focused on printing solutions
 could negatively impact the Company’s strategy and
 operating results.

 • 

 The entrance of additional competitors that are focused on
 printing solutions could further intensify competition in the
 inkjet and laser printer markets and could have a material
 adverse impact on the Company’s strategy and financial
 results.

 The
 Company’s inability to perform satisfactorily under service
 contracts for managed print services may negatively impact the
 Company’s strategy and operating results.

 • 

 The Company’s inability to perform satisfactorily under
 service contracts for managed print services and other customer
 services may result in the loss of customers, loss of reputation
 and/or
 financial consequences that may have a material adverse impact
 on the Company’s financial results and strategy.

 Decreased
 consumption of supplies could negatively impact the
 Company’s operating results.

 • 

 The Company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected if the consumption of its supplies by end users of its
 products is lower than expected or declines, if there are
 declines in pricing, unfavorable mix
 and/or
 increased costs.

 Increased
 competition in the Company’s aftermarket supplies business
 may negatively impact the Company’s revenues and gross
 margins.

 • 

 Refill, remanufactured, clones, counterfeits and other
 compatible alternatives for some of the Company’s
 cartridges are available and compete with the Company’s
 supplies business. The Company expects competitive supplies
 activity to increase. Various legal challenges and governmental
 activities may intensify competition for the Company’s
 aftermarket supplies business.

 Any failure by
 the Company to successfully outsource the infrastructure support
 of its information technology system and application maintenance
 functions and centralize certain of its support functions may
 disrupt these systems or functions and could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s systems of internal control
 and financial reporting.

 • 

 The Company has migrated the infrastructure support of its
 information technology system and application maintenance
 functions to new third-party service providers. The Company is
 in the process of centralizing certain of its accounting and
 other finance functions and
 order-to-cash
 functions from various countries to shared service centers. The
 Company is also in the process of reducing, consolidating and
 moving various parts of its general and administrative resource,
 supply chain resource and marketing and sales support structure.
 Many of these processes and functions are moving to lower-cost
 countries, including China, India and the Philippines. Any
 disruption in these systems, processes or functions could have a
 material adverse impact on the Company’s operations, its
 financial results, its systems of internal controls and its
 ability to accurately record and report transactions and
 financial results.

 The
 Company’s failure to manage inventory levels or production
 capacity may negatively impact the Company’s operating
 results.

 • 

 The Company’s performance depends in part upon its ability
 to successfully forecast the timing and extent of customer
 demand and reseller demand to manage worldwide distribution and
 inventory levels of the Company. Unexpected fluctuations in
 reseller inventory levels could disrupt ordering patterns and
 may adversely affect the Company’s financial results. In
 addition, the financial failure or loss of a key customer or
 reseller could have a material adverse impact on the
 Company’s financial results. The Company must also be able
 to address production and supply constraints, including product
 disruptions caused by quality issues, and delays or disruptions
 in the supply of key components necessary for production,
 including without limitation component shortages due to

 14

 increasing global demand in the Company’s industry and
 other industries. Such delays, disruptions or shortages may
 result in lost revenue or in the Company incurring additional
 costs to meet customer demand. The Company’s future
 operating results and its ability to effectively grow or
 maintain its market share may be adversely affected if it is
 unable to address these issues on a timely basis.

 New legislation,
 fees on the Company’s products or litigation costs required
 to protect the Company’s rights may negatively impact the
 Company’s cost structure, access to components and
 operating results.

 • 

 The European Union has adopted the Waste Electrical and
 Electronic Equipment Directive (the “Directive”) which
 requires producers of electrical and electronic goods, including
 printing devices, to be financially responsible for specified
 collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and future
 covered products. The deadline for enacting and implementing the
 Directive by individual European Union governments was
 August 13, 2004 (such legislation, together with the
 Directive, the “WEEE Legislation”), although
 extensions were granted to some countries. Producers were to be
 financially responsible under the WEEE Legislation beginning in
 August 2005. Similar legislation may be enacted in the future in
 other jurisdictions as well. The impact of this legislation
 could adversely affect the Company’s operating results and
 profitability.

 • 

 Certain countries (primarily in Europe)
 and/or
 collecting societies representing copyright owners’
 interests have commenced proceedings to impose fees on devices
 (such as scanners, printers and multifunction devices) alleging
 the copyright owners are entitled to compensation because these
 devices enable reproducing copyrighted content. Other countries
 are also considering imposing fees on certain devices. The
 amount of fees, if imposed, would depend on the number of
 products sold and the amounts of the fee on each product, which
 will vary by product and by country. The financial impact on the
 Company, which will depend in large part upon the outcome of
 local legislative processes, the Company’s and other
 industry participants’ outcome in contesting the fees and
 the Company’s ability to mitigate that impact by increasing
 prices, which ability will depend upon competitive market
 conditions, remains uncertain. The outcome of the copyright fee
 issue could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results and business.

 • 

 The European Union has adopted the “RoHS” Directive
 (Restriction of use of certain Hazardous Substances) which
 restricts the use of nine substances in electrical and
 electronic equipment placed on the market on or after
 July 1, 2006. Compliance with the RoHS Directive could
 create shortages of certain components or impact continuity of
 supply that could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results and profitability.

 The
 Company’s inability to obtain and protect its intellectual
 property and defend against claims of infringement by others may
 negatively impact the Company’s operating
 results.

 • 

 The Company’s success depends in part on its ability to
 develop technology and obtain patents, copyrights and
 trademarks, and maintain trade secret protection, to protect its
 intellectual property against theft, infringement or other
 misuse by others. The Company must also conduct its operations
 without infringing the proprietary rights of others. Current or
 future claims of intellectual property infringement could
 prevent the Company from obtaining technology of others and
 could otherwise materially and adversely affect its operating
 results or business, as could expenses incurred by the Company
 in obtaining intellectual property rights, enforcing its
 intellectual property rights against others or defending against
 claims that the Company’s products infringe the
 intellectual property rights of others, that the Company engages
 in false or deceptive practices or that its conduct is
 anti-competitive.

 15

 The
 Company’s reliance on international production facilities,
 international manufacturing partners and certain key suppliers
 could negatively impact the Company’s operating
 results.

 • 

 The Company relies in large part on its international production
 facilities and international manufacturing partners, many of
 which are located in China and the Philippines, for the
 manufacture of its products and key components of its products.
 Future operating results may also be adversely affected by
 several other factors, including, without limitation, if the
 Company’s international operations or manufacturing
 partners are unable to perform or supply products reliably, if
 there are disruptions in international trade, disruptions at
 important geographic points of exit and entry, if there are
 difficulties in transitioning such manufacturing activities
 among the Company, its international operations
 and/or its
 manufacturing partners, or if there arise production and supply
 constraints which result in additional costs to the Company. The
 financial failure or loss of a sole supplier or significant
 supplier of products or key components, or their inability to
 produce the required quantities, could result in a material
 adverse impact on the Company’s operating results.

 Due to the
 international nature of our business, changes in a
 country’s or region’s political or economic conditions
 or other factors could negatively impact the Company’s
 revenue, financial condition or operating results.

 • 

 Revenue derived from international sales make up about half of
 the Company’s revenue. Accordingly, the Company’s
 future results could be adversely affected by a variety of
 factors, including changes in a specific country’s or
 region’s political or economic conditions, foreign currency
 exchange rate fluctuations, trade protection measures and
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements. In addition,
 changes in tax laws and the ability to repatriate cash
 accumulated outside the U.S. in a tax efficient manner may
 adversely affect the Company’s financial results,
 investment flexibility and operations. Moreover, margins on
 international sales tend to be lower than those on domestic
 sales, and the Company believes that international operations in
 new geographic markets will be less profitable than operations
 in the U.S. and European markets, in part, because of the
 higher investment levels for marketing, selling and distribution
 required to enter these markets.

 • 

 In many foreign countries, particularly those with developing
 economies, it is common for local business practices to be
 prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to the Company,
 such as employment laws, fair trade laws or the Foreign Corrupt
 Practices Act. Although the Company implements policies and
 procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, our
 employees, contractors and agents, as well as those business
 partners to which we outsource certain of our business
 operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any
 such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a
 material adverse effect on our business and our reputation.
 Because of the challenges in managing a geographically dispersed
 workforce, there also may be additional opportunities for
 employees to commit fraud or personally engage in practices
 which violate the policies and procedures of the Company.

 Conflicts among
 various sales channels may negatively impact the Company’s
 operating results.

 • 

 The Company markets and sells its products through several sales
 channels. The Company has also advanced a strategy of forming
 alliances and OEM arrangements with many companies. The
 Company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected by any conflicts that might arise between or among its
 various sales channels, the volume reduction in or loss of any
 alliance or OEM arrangement or the loss of retail shelf space.
 Aggressive pricing on laser and inkjet products
 and/or
 associated supplies from customers and resellers, including,
 without limitation, OEM customers, could result in a material
 adverse impact on the Company’s strategy and financial
 results.

 16

 The failure of
 information technology systems may negatively impact the
 Company’s operating results.

 • 

 The Company depends on its information technology systems for
 the development, manufacture, distribution, marketing, sales and
 support of its products and services. Any failure in such
 systems, or the systems of a partner or supplier, may adversely
 affect the Company’s operating results. Furthermore,
 because vast quantities of the Company’s products flow
 through only a few distribution centers to provide product to
 various geographic regions, the failure of information
 technology systems or any other disruption affecting those
 product distribution centers could have a material adverse
 impact on the Company’s ability to deliver product and on
 the Company’s financial results.

 Changes in the
 Company’s tax provisions or tax liabilities could
 negatively impact the Company’s profitability.

 • 

 The Company’s effective tax rate could be adversely
 affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
 differing statutory tax rates. In addition, the amount of income
 tax the Company pays is subject to ongoing audits in various
 jurisdictions. A material assessment by a taxing authority or a
 decision to repatriate foreign cash could adversely affect the
 Company’s profitability.

 Business
 disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and
 financial condition and increase our costs and
 expenses.

 • 

 Our worldwide operations and those of our manufacturing
 partners, suppliers, and freight transporters, among others, are
 subject to natural and manmade disasters and other business
 interruptions such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes,
 typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, environmental
 hazards, power shortages, water shortages and telecommunications
 failures. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions
 could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and
 increase our costs and expenses. As the Company continues its
 consolidation of certain functions into shared service centers
 and movement of certain functions to lower cost countries, the
 probability and impact of business disruptions may be increased
 over time.

 Cost reduction
 efforts associated with the Company’s share-based payment
 awards and other compensation and benefit programs could
 adversely affect our ability to attract, motivate and retain
 employees.

 • 

 The Company has historically used stock options and other forms
 of share-based payment awards as key components of the total
 rewards program for employee compensation in order to align
 employees’ interests with the interests of stockholders,
 motivate employees, encourage employee retention and provide
 competitive compensation and benefits packages. As a result of
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R, the
 Company would incur increased compensation costs associated with
 its share-based compensation programs and as a result has
 reviewed its compensation strategy in light of the current
 regulatory and competitive environment and has decided to change
 the form of its share-based awards. Due to this change in
 compensation strategy, combined with other benefit plan changes
 undertaken to reduce costs, the Company may find it difficult to
 attract, retain and motivate employees, and any such difficulty
 could materially adversely affect its operating results.

 Terrorist acts,
 acts of war or other political conflicts may negatively impact
 the Company’s ability to manufacture and sell its
 products.

 • 

 Terrorist attacks and the potential for future terrorist attacks
 have created many political and economic uncertainties, some of
 which may affect the Company’s future operating results.
 Future terrorist attacks, the national and international
 responses to such attacks, and other acts of war or hostility
 may affect the Company’s facilities, employees, suppliers,
 customers, transportation

 17

 networks and supply chains, or may affect the Company in ways
 that are not capable of being predicted presently.

 The outbreak of a
 communicable disease may negatively impact the health and
 welfare of the Company’s employees and those of its
 manufacturing partners and negatively impact the Company’s
 operating results.

 • 

 The Company relies heavily on the health and welfare of its
 employees and the employees of its manufacturing partners. The
 widespread outbreak of any form of communicable disease
 affecting a large number of workers could adversely impact the
 Company’s operating results.

 Any variety of
 factors unrelated to the Company’s operating performance
 may negatively impact the Company’s operating results or
 the Company’s stock price.

 • 

 Factors unrelated to the Company’s operating performance,
 including the financial failure or loss of significant
 customers, resellers, manufacturing partners or suppliers; the
 outcome of pending and future litigation or governmental
 proceedings; and the ability to retain and attract key
 personnel, could also adversely affect the Company’s
 operating results. In addition, the Company’s stock price,
 like that of other technology companies, can be volatile.
 Trading activity in the Company’s common stock,
 particularly the trading of large blocks and intraday trading in
 the Company’s common stock, may affect the Company’s
 common stock price.