The following significant factors, as well as others of which we
are unaware or deem to be immaterial at this time, could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or
operating results in the future. Therefore, the following
information should be considered carefully together with other
information contained in this report. Past financial performance
may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and
historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or
trends in future periods.

Decreased consumption of supplies could negatively impact the
company’s operating results.

• 

 The company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected if the consumption of its supplies by end users of its
 products is lower than expected.

The competitive pricing pressure in the market may negatively
impact the company’s operating results.

• 

 The company and its major competitors, many of which have
 significantly greater financial, marketing and/or technological
 resources than the company, have regularly lowered prices on
 their products and are expected to continue to do so. In
 particular, both the inkjet and laser printer markets have
 experienced and are expected to continue to experience
 significant price pressure. Price reductions on inkjet or laser
 products or the inability to reduce costs, including warranty
 costs, to contain expenses or to increase or maintain sales as
 currently expected, as well as price protection measures or a
 shift in the mix of products sold, could result in lower
 profitability and jeopardize the company’s ability to grow
 or maintain its market share.

The company’s inability to meet customer product
requirements on a cost competitive basis may negatively impact
the company’s operating results.

• 

 The company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected if it is unable to continue to develop, manufacture and
 market products that are reliable, competitive, and meet
 customers’ needs. The markets for laser and inkjet products
 and associated supplies are aggressively competitive, especially
 with respect to pricing and the introduction of new technologies
 and products offering improved features and functionality. The
 impact of competitive activities on the sales volumes or revenue
 of the company, or the company’s inability to effectively
 deal with these competitive issues, could have a material
 adverse effect on the company’s ability to maintain or grow
 retail shelf space or market share and on its financial results.

13

Table of Contents

The company’s failure to manage inventory levels or
production capacity may negatively impact the company’s
operating results.

• 

 The company’s performance depends in part upon its ability
 to successfully forecast the timing and extent of customer
 demand and manage worldwide distribution and inventory levels of
 the company and its resellers. Unexpected fluctuations in
 reseller inventory levels could disrupt ordering patterns and
 may adversely affect the company’s financial results. In
 addition, the financial failure or loss of a key customer or
 reseller could have a material adverse impact on the
 company’s financial results. The company must also be able
 to address production and supply constraints, including product
 disruptions caused by quality issues, and delays or disruptions
 in the supply of key components necessary for production,
 including without limitation component shortages due to
 increasing global demand in the company’s industry and
 other industries. Such delays, disruptions or shortages may
 result in lost revenue or in the company incurring additional
 costs to meet customer demand. The company’s future
 operating results and its ability to effectively grow or
 maintain its market share may be adversely affected if it is
 unable to address these issues on a timely basis.

Weak economic conditions could negatively impact sales of the
company’s products and future operating results.

• 

 Unfavorable global economic conditions may adversely impact the
 company’s future operating results. The company continues
 to experience some weak markets for its products. Continued
 softness in certain markets and uncertainty about global
 economic conditions could result in lower demand for the
 company’s products, particularly supplies. Weakness in
 demand has resulted in intense price competition and may result
 in excessive inventory for the company and/or its reseller
 channel, which may adversely affect sales, pricing, risk of
 obsolescence and/or other elements of the company’s
 operating results.

The company may experience difficulties in product
transitions negatively impacting the company’s performance
and operating results.

• 

 The introduction of products by the company or its competitors,
 or delays in customer purchases of existing products in
 anticipation of new product introductions by the company or its
 competitors and market acceptance of new products and pricing
 programs, any disruption in the supply of new or existing
 products due to quality issues, the reaction of competitors to
 any such new products or programs, the life cycles of the
 company’s products, as well as delays in product
 development and manufacturing, and variations in cost, including
 but not limited to component parts, raw materials, commodities,
 energy, products, distributors, fuel and variations in supplier
 terms and conditions, may impact sales, may cause a buildup in
 the company’s inventories, make the transition from current
 products to new products difficult and could adversely affect
 the company’s future operating results. The competitive
 pressure to develop technology and products and to increase
 marketing expenditures also could cause significant changes in
 the level of the company’s operating expenses.

New legislation, fees on the company’s products or
litigation costs required to protect the company’s rights
may negatively impact the company’s cost structure and
operating results.

• 

 The European Union has adopted the Waste Electrical and
 Electronic Equipment Directive (the “Directive”) which
 requires producers of electrical and electronic goods, including
 printing devices, to be financially responsible for specified
 collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and future
 covered products. The deadline for enacting and implementing the
 Directive by individual European Union governments was
 August 13, 2004 (such legislation, together with the
 Directive, the “WEEE Legislation”), although
 extensions were granted to some countries. Producers are to be
 financially responsible under the WEEE Legislation beginning in

14

Table of Contents

 August 2005. Similar legislation may be enacted in the
 future in other jurisdictions as well. The impact of this
 legislation could adversely affect the company’s operating
 results and profitability.

• 

 Certain countries (primarily in Europe) and/or collecting
 societies representing copyright owners’ interests have
 commenced proceedings to impose fees on devices (such as
 scanners, printers and multifunction devices) alleging the
 copyright owners are entitled to compensation because these
 devices enable reproducing copyrighted content. Other countries
 are also considering imposing fees on certain devices. The
 amount of fees, if imposed, would depend on the number of
 products sold and the amounts of the fee on each product, which
 will vary by product and by country. The financial impact on the
 company, which will depend in large part upon the outcome of
 local legislative processes, the company’s and other
 industry participants’ outcome in contesting the fees and
 the company’s ability to mitigate that impact by increasing
 prices, which ability will depend upon competitive market
 conditions, remains uncertain. The outcome of the copyright fee
 issue could adversely affect the company’s operating
 results and business.

Increasing competition in aftermarket supplies could
negatively impact the company’s revenue, operating margins
and profitability.

• 

 Although the company is currently the exclusive supplier of new
 cartridges for its laser and inkjet products, there can be no
 assurance that other companies will not develop new compatible
 cartridges for the company’s products. In addition, refill
 and remanufactured alternatives for some of the company’s
 cartridges are available and compete with the company’s
 supplies business. The company expects competitive refill and
 remanufacturing activity to increase. Various legal challenges
 and governmental activities may intensify competition for the
 company’s aftermarket supplies business.

Due to the international nature of our business, changes in a
country’s or region’s political or economic conditions
could negatively impact the company’s revenue, financial
condition or operating results.

• 

 Revenue derived from international sales make up about half of
 the company’s revenue. Accordingly, the company’s
 future results could be adversely affected by a variety of
 factors, including changes in a specific country’s or
 region’s political or economic conditions, foreign currency
 exchange rate fluctuations, trade protection measures and
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements. In addition,
 changes in tax laws and the ability to repatriate cash
 accumulated outside the U.S. in a tax efficient manner may
 adversely affect the company’s financial results,
 investment flexibility and operations. Moreover, margins on
 international sales tend to be lower than those on domestic
 sales, and the company believes that international operations in
 new geographic markets will be less profitable than operations
 in the U.S. and European markets, in part, because of the higher
 investment levels for marketing, selling and distribution
 required to enter these markets.

The company’s reliance on international production
facilities and international manufacturing partners could
negatively impact the company’s operating results.

• 

 The company relies in large part on its international production
 facilities and international manufacturing partners, many of
 which are located in China, for the manufacture of its products
 and key components of its products. China’s revaluation of
 its currency to no longer peg its currency to the
 U.S. dollar may have an adverse impact on the
 company’s cost of goods acquired from China, and could have
 a material adverse impact on the company’s financial
 results. Future operating results may also be adversely affected
 by several other factors, including, without limitation, if the
 company’s international operations or manufacturing
 partners are unable to perform or supply products reliably, if
 there are disruptions in international trade, disruptions at
 important geographic points of exit and entry, if there are
 difficulties in transitioning such manufacturing activities
 among the company, its international operations and/or its

15

Table of Contents

 manufacturing partners, or if there arise production and supply
 constraints which result in additional costs to the company. The
 financial failure or loss of a key supplier could result in a
 material adverse impact on the company’s financial results.

Conflicts among various sales channels may negatively impact
the company’s operating results.

• 

 The company markets and sells its products through several sales
 channels. The company has also advanced a strategy of forming
 alliances and OEM arrangements with many companies. The
 company’s future operating results may be adversely
 affected by any conflicts that might arise between or among its
 various sales channels, the volume reduction in or loss of any
 alliance or OEM arrangement or the loss of retail shelf space.
 Aggressive pricing on laser and inkjet products and/or
 associated supplies from customers and resellers, including,
 without limitation, OEM customers, could result in a material
 adverse impact on the company’s strategy and financial
 results.

Changes in the company’s tax provisions or tax
liabilities could negatively impact the company’s
profitability.

• 

 The company’s effective tax rate could be adversely
 affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
 differing statutory tax rates. In addition, the amount of income
 tax the company pays is subject to ongoing audits in various
 jurisdictions. A material assessment by a taxing authority or a
 decision to repatriate foreign cash could adversely affect the
 company’s profitability.

The entrance of additional competitors that are focused
exclusively on printing solutions could negatively impact the
company’s strategy and operating results.

• 

 The entrance of additional competitors that are focused on
 printing solutions could further intensify competition in the
 inkjet and laser printer markets and could have a material
 adverse impact on the company’s strategy and financial
 results.

The company’s inability to perform satisfactorily under
service contracts for managed print services may negatively
impact the company’s strategy and operating results.

• 

 The company’s inability to perform satisfactorily under
 service contracts for managed print services and other customer
 services may result in the loss of customers, loss of reputation
 and/or financial consequences that may have a material adverse
 impact on the company’s financial results and strategy.

The company’s inability to obtain and protect its
intellectual property and defend against claims of infringement
by others may negatively impact the company’s operating
results.

• 

 The company’s success depends in part on its ability to
 obtain patents, copyrights and trademarks, maintain trade secret
 protection and operate without infringing the proprietary rights
 of others. Current or future claims of intellectual property
 infringement could prevent the company from obtaining technology
 of others and could otherwise materially and adversely affect
 its operating results or business, as could expenses incurred by
 the company in obtaining intellectual property rights, enforcing
 its intellectual property rights against others or defending
 against claims that the company’s products infringe the
 intellectual property rights of others.

The failure of information technology systems may negatively
impact the company’s operating results.

• 

 The company depends on its information technology systems for
 the development, manufacture, distribution, marketing, sales and
 support of its products and services. Any failure in such
 systems, or the systems of a partner or supplier, may adversely
 affect the company’s operating results. Furthermore,
 because vast quantities of the company’s products flow
 through only a few

16

Table of Contents

 distribution centers to provide product to various geographic
 regions, the failure of information technology systems or any
 other disruption affecting those product distribution centers
 could have a material adverse impact on the company’s
 ability to deliver product and on the company’s financial
 results.

Terrorist acts, acts of war or other political conflicts may
negatively impact the company’s ability to manufacture and
sell its products.

• 

 Terrorist attacks and the potential for future terrorist attacks
 have created many political and economic uncertainties, some of
 which may affect the company’s future operating results.
 Future terrorist attacks, the national and international
 responses to such attacks, and other acts of war or hostility
 may affect the company’s facilities, employees, suppliers,
 customers, transportation networks and supply chains, or may
 affect the company in ways that are not capable of being
 predicted presently.

The outbreak of a communicable disease may negatively impact
the health and welfare of the company’s employees and those
of its manufacturing partners and negatively impact the
company’s operating results.

• 

 The company relies heavily on the health and welfare of its
 employees and the employees of its manufacturing partners. The
 widespread outbreak of any form of communicable disease
 affecting a large number of workers could adversely impact the
 company’s operating results.

Any variety of factors unrelated to the company’s
operating performance may negatively impact the company’s
operating results or the company’s stock price.

• 

 Factors unrelated to the company’s operating performance,
 including the financial failure or loss of significant
 customers, resellers, manufacturing partners or suppliers; the
 outcome of pending and future litigation or governmental
 proceedings; and the ability to retain and attract key
 personnel, could also adversely affect the company’s
 operating results. In addition, the company’s stock price,
 like that of other technology companies, can be volatile.
 Trading activity in the company’s common stock,
 particularly the trading of large blocks and intraday trading in
 the company’s common stock, may affect the company’s
 common stock price.