. 

You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock. 

Our business, including our results of operations and reputation, could be adversely affected by process safety or product
liability issues. 

Failure to appropriately manage safety, human health, product liability and environmental risks
associated with our products, product life cycles and production processes could adversely impact employees, communities, stakeholders, our reputation and our results of operations. Public perception of the risks associated with our products and
production processes could impact product acceptance and influence the regulatory environment in which we operate. While we have procedures and controls to manage process safety risks, issues could be created by events outside of our control
including natural disasters, severe weather events and acts of sabotage. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our operations are subject to risks inherent in chemical and refining businesses, and
we could be subject to liabilities for which we are not fully insured or that are not otherwise mitigated. 

We maintain
property, business interruption, product, general liability, casualty and other types of insurance, including pollution and legal liability, that we believe are in accordance with customary industry practices. However, we are not fully insured
against all potential hazards incident to our business, including losses resulting from natural disasters, wars or terrorist acts. Changes in insurance market conditions have caused, and may in the future cause, premiums and deductibles for certain
insurance policies to increase substantially and, in some instances, for certain insurance to become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, we
might not be able to finance the amount of the uninsured liability on terms acceptable to us or at all, and might be obligated to divert a significant portion of our cash flow from normal business operations. 

Further, because a part of our business involves licensing polyolefin process technology, our licensees are exposed to similar risks
involved in the manufacture and marketing of polyolefins. Hazardous incidents involving our licensees, if they do result or are perceived to result from use of our technologies, may harm our reputation, threaten our relationships with other
licensees and/or lead to customer attrition and financial losses. Our policy of covering these risks through contractual limitations of liability and indemnities and through insurance may not always be effective. As a result, our financial condition
and results of operation would be adversely affected, and other companies with competing technologies may have the opportunity to secure a competitive advantage. 

Our ability to source raw materials, including crude oil, may be adversely affected by political instability, civil disturbances or other governmental actions. 

We obtain a substantial portion of our principal raw materials from sources in North Africa, the Middle East, and South America that may
be less politically stable than other areas in which we conduct business, such as Europe or the U.S. Political instability, civil disturbances and actions by governments in these areas are likely to substantially increase the price and decrease the
supply of raw materials necessary for our operations, which will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Recently, increased incidents of civil unrest, including terrorist attacks and demonstrations which have been marked by violence, have
occurred in some countries in North Africa and the Middle East. Some political regimes in these countries are threatened or have changed as a result of such unrest. Political instability and civil unrest could continue to spread in the region and
involve other areas. Such unrest, if it continues to spread or grow in intensity, could lead to civil wars, regional conflict, or regime changes resulting in governments that are hostile to countries in which we conduct substantial business, such as
Europe, the U.S., or their respective allies. 

Costs and limitations on supply of raw materials and energy may result in
increased operating expenses. 

The costs of raw materials and energy represent a substantial portion of our operating
expenses. Energy costs generally follow price trends of crude oil and natural gas. These price trends may be highly volatile and cyclical. In the past, raw material and energy costs have experienced significant fluctuations that adversely affected
our business segments’ results of operations. For example, we continue to benefit from the favorable ratio of U.S. natural gas prices to crude oil prices. However, if the price of crude oil decreases relative to U.S. natural gas prices or if
the demand for natural gas and NGLs increases, this may have a negative result on our results of operations. Additionally, the export of NGLs from the U.S. and or greater restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could restrict the availability of our
raw materials thereby increasing our costs. 

We are not always able to pass raw material and energy cost increases on to our
customers. When we do have the ability to pass on the cost increases, we are not always able to do so quickly enough to avoid adverse impacts on our results of operations. 

19 

Table of Contents

Cost increases for raw materials also may increase working capital needs, which could reduce
our liquidity and cash flow. Even if we increase our sales prices to reflect rising raw material and energy costs, demand for products may decrease as customers reduce their consumption or use substitute products, which may have an adverse impact on
our results of operations. In addition, producers in natural gas cost-advantaged regions, such as the Middle East and North America, benefit from the lower prices of natural gas and NGLs. Competition from producers in these regions may cause us to
reduce exports from Europe and elsewhere. Any such reductions may increase competition for product sales within Europe and other markets, which can result in lower margins in those regions. Additionally, there are a limited number of suppliers for
some of our raw materials and utilities and, in some cases, the supplies are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located. 

It is also common in the chemical and refining industries for a facility to have a sole, dedicated source for its utilities, such as steam, electricity and gas. Having a sole or limited number of
suppliers may limit our negotiating power, particularly in the case of rising raw material costs. Any new supply agreements we enter into may not have terms as favorable as those contained in our current supply agreements. 

Additionally, there is growing concern over the reliability of water sources, including around the Texas Gulf Coast where several of our
facilities are located. The decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of population growth, drought or regulation could negatively impact our operations. 

If our raw material or utility supplies were disrupted, our businesses may incur increased costs to procure alternative supplies or incur
excessive downtime, which would have a direct negative impact on plant operations. Disruptions of supplies may occur as a result of transportation issues including, but not limited to, as a result of natural disasters and water levels that can
affect the ability of vessels, barges, rails, trucks and pipeline traffic. These risks are particularly prevalent in the U.S. Gulf Coast area. 

With increased volatility in raw material costs, our suppliers could impose more onerous terms on us, resulting in shorter payment cycles and increasing our working capital requirements. 

The economic crisis in Europe could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, financial
condition and cash flows. 

The recent European economic crisis resulted in reduced consumer confidence and spending in
many countries in Europe, particularly southern Europe. A significant portion of our revenues and earnings are derived from our business in Europe, including southern Europe. In addition, most of our European transactions and assets, including cash
reserves and receivables, are denominated in euros. 

If the European economic crisis continues or further deteriorates, there
will likely be a continued negative effect on our European business, as well as the businesses of our European customers, suppliers and partners. In addition, if the crisis ultimately leads to the break-up of the European economic and monetary union
or a significant devaluation of the euro, the value of our financial assets that are denominated in euros would be significantly reduced when translated to U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. Any of these conditions could ultimately harm
our overall business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 

Economic downturns and
disruptions in financial markets can adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our results of
operations can be materially affected by adverse conditions in the financial markets and depressed economic conditions generally. Economic downturns in the businesses and geographic areas in which we sell our products substantially reduce demand for
our products and result in decreased sales volumes. Recessionary environments adversely affect our business because demand for our products is reduced, particularly from our customers in industrial markets generally and the automotive and housing
industries specifically. 

20 

Table of Contents

The cyclicality and volatility of the industries in which we participate may cause
significant fluctuations in our operating results. 

Our business operations are subject to the cyclical and volatile
nature of the supply-demand balance in the chemical and refining industries. Our future operating results are expected to continue to be affected by this cyclicality and volatility. The chemical and refining industries historically have experienced
alternating periods of capacity shortages, causing prices and profit margins to increase, followed by periods of excess capacity, resulting in oversupply, declining capacity utilization rates and declining prices and profit margins. 

In addition to changes in the supply and demand for products, changes in energy prices and other worldwide economic conditions can cause
volatility. These factors result in significant fluctuations in profits and cash flow from period to period and over business cycles. 

In addition, new capacity additions in Asia, the Middle East and North America may lead to periods of oversupply and lower profitability. A sizable number of expansions have recently been announced in
North America. The timing and extent of any changes to currently prevailing market conditions are uncertain and supply and demand may be unbalanced at any time. As a consequence, we are unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of future
industry cycles or their effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We can give no assurances as to any predictions we may make with respect to the timing, extent or duration of future industry cycles. 

We sell products in highly competitive global markets and face significant price pressures. 

We sell our products in highly competitive global markets. Due to the commodity nature of many of our products, competition in these
markets is based primarily on price and, to a lesser extent, on product performance, product quality, product deliverability, reliability of supply and customer service. Generally, we are not able to protect our market position for these products by
product differentiation and may not be able to pass on cost increases to our customers. 

In addition, we face increased
competition from companies that may have greater financial resources and different cost structures or strategic goals than us. These include large integrated oil companies (some of which also have chemical businesses), government-owned businesses,
and companies that receive subsidies or other government incentives to produce certain products in a specified geographic region. Increased competition from these companies, especially in our olefin and refining businesses, could limit our ability
to increase product sales prices in response to raw material and other cost increases, or could cause us to reduce product sales prices to compete effectively, which could reduce our profitability. Competitors that have greater financial resources
than us may be able to invest significant capital into their businesses, including expenditures for research and development. 

In addition, specialty products we produce may become commoditized over time. Increased competition could result in lower prices or lower
sales volumes, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

Interruptions of operations at our
facilities may result in liabilities or lower operating results. 

We own and operate large-scale facilities. Our
operating results are dependent on the continued operation of our various production facilities and the ability to complete construction and maintenance projects on schedule. Interruptions at our facilities may materially reduce the productivity and
profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, or our business as a whole, during and after the period of such operational difficulties. In the past, we had to shut down plants on the U.S. Gulf Coast, including the temporary shutdown of our
Houston refinery, as a result of hurricanes striking the Texas coast. 

21 

Table of Contents

In addition, because the Houston refinery is our only refining operation, an outage at the
refinery could have a particularly negative impact on our operating results. Unlike our chemical and polymer production facilities, which may have sufficient excess capacity to mitigate the negative impact of lost production at other facilities, we
do not have the ability to increase refining production elsewhere in the U.S. 

Although we take precautions to enhance the
safety of our operations and minimize the risk of disruptions, our operations are subject to hazards inherent in chemical manufacturing and refining and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes. These potential
hazards include: 

•

 pipeline leaks and ruptures; 

•

 explosions; 

•

 fires; 

•

 severe weather and natural disasters; 

•

 mechanical failure; 

•

 unscheduled downtimes; 

•

 supplier disruptions; 

•

 labor shortages or other labor difficulties; 

•

 transportation interruptions; 

•

 increased restrictions on, or the unavailability of, water for use at our manufacturing sites or for the transport of our products or raw materials;

•

 remediation complications; 

•

 chemical and oil spills; 

•

 discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; 

•

 storage tank leaks; 

•

 other environmental risks; and 

•

 terrorist acts. 

Some of these hazards may cause severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and may result in suspension of operations or the shutdown of affected facilities. 

Increased IT security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks,
products, facilities and services. 

Increased global information security threats and more sophisticated, targeted
computer crime pose a risk to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data, operations and infrastructure. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive
monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our employees, systems, networks, products, facilities and services remain potentially vulnerable to sophisticated espionage or continual cyber-assault.
Depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and
operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. 

We operate internationally and are subject to exchange rate fluctuations, exchange controls, political risks and other risks
relating to international operations. 

We operate internationally and are subject to the risks of doing business on a
global level. These risks include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and disruptions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and the imposition of duties and tariffs. Additional risks from our multinational business include

22 

Table of Contents

transportation delays and interruptions, war, terrorist activities, epidemics, pandemics, political instability, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest and
current and changing regulatory environments. 

We generate revenues from export sales and operations that may be denominated
in currencies other than the relevant functional currency. Exchange rates between these currencies and functional currencies in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. We also could hedge certain revenues and costs
using derivative instruments to minimize the impact of changes in the exchange rates of those currencies compared to the respective functional currencies. It is possible that fluctuations in exchange rates will result in reduced operating results.
Additionally, we operate with the objective of having our worldwide cash available in the locations where it is needed, including The Netherlands for our parent company’s significant cash obligations as a result of dividend and interest
payments. It is possible that we may not always be able to provide cash to other jurisdictions when needed or that such transfers of cash could be subject to additional taxes, including withholding taxes. This particularly is true of transfers of
cash outside of the United States, where we currently have significant cash flows from operations. 

Our operating results
could be negatively affected by the global laws, rules and regulations, as well as political environments in the jurisdictions in which we operate. There could be reduced demand for our products, decreases in the prices at which we can sell our
products and disruptions of production or other operations. Additionally, there may be substantial capital and other costs to comply with regulations and/or increased security costs or insurance premiums, any of which could reduce our operating
results. 

We obtain a substantial portion of our principal raw materials from international sources that are subject to these
same risks. Our compliance with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject could be challenged. Furthermore, these laws may be modified, the
result of which may be to prevent or limit subsidiaries from transferring cash to us. 

Furthermore, we are subject to certain
existing, and may be subject to possible future, laws that limit or may limit our activities while some of our competitors may not be subject to such laws, which may adversely affect our competitiveness. 

Many of our businesses depend on our intellectual property. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to protect our
intellectual property rights, and our inability to do so could reduce our ability to maintain our competitiveness and margins. 

We have a significant worldwide patent portfolio of issued and pending patents. These patents, together with proprietary technical know-how, are significant to our competitive position, particularly with
regard to propylene oxide, performance chemicals, petrochemicals, and polymers, including process technologies such as Spheripol, 
Spherizone, 
Hostalen, 
Spherilene, 
Lupotech T and 
Avant catalyst family
technology rights. We rely on the patent, copyright and trade secret laws of the countries in which we operate to protect our investment in research and development, manufacturing and marketing. However, we may be unable to prevent third parties
from using our intellectual property without authorization. Proceedings to protect these rights could be costly, and we may not prevail. 

The protection afforded by patents varies from country to country and depends upon the type of patent and its scope of coverage. While a presumption of validity exists with respect to patents issued to
us, our patents may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or rendered unenforceable. As patents expire, the products and processes described and claimed under those patents become generally available for use by competitors. 

Our continued growth strategy may bring us to regions of the world where intellectual property protection may be limited and difficult to
enforce. In addition, patent rights may not prevent our competitors from 

23 

Table of Contents

developing, using or selling products that are similar or functionally equivalent to our products. Moreover, our competitors or other third parties may obtain patents that restrict or preclude
our ability to lawfully produce or sell our products in a competitive manner, which could result in significantly lower revenues, reduced profit margins or loss of market share. 

We also rely upon unpatented proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain
our competitive position. While it is our policy to enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to protect our intellectual property, these confidentiality agreements may be breached, may not provide meaningful
protection or adequate remedies may not be available. Additionally, others could obtain knowledge of our trade secrets through independent development or other access by legal or illegal means. 

The failure of our patents or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, apparatuses, technology, trade secrets or proprietary
know-how could result in significantly lower revenues, reduced profit margins and cash flows and/or loss of market share. We also may be subject to claims that our technology, patents or other intellectual property infringes on a third party’s
intellectual property rights. Unfavorable resolution of these claims could result in restrictions on our ability to deliver the related service or in a settlement that could be material to us. 

Shared control or lack of control of joint ventures may delay decisions or actions regarding the joint ventures.

A portion of our operations are conducted through joint ventures, where control may be exercised by or shared with
unaffiliated third parties. We cannot control the actions of our joint venture partners, including any nonperformance, default or bankruptcy of joint venture partners. The joint ventures that we do not control may also lack adequate internal
controls systems or financial reporting systems to provide adequate and timely information for our reporting purposes. 

In the
event that any of our joint venture partners do not observe their obligations, it is possible that the affected joint venture would not be able to operate in accordance with our business plans. As a result, we could be required to increase our level
of commitment in order to give effect to such plans. Differences in views among the joint venture participants also may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major matters, potentially adversely affecting the business and operations
of the joint ventures and in turn our business and operations. 

We cannot predict with certainty the extent of future
costs under environmental, health and safety and other laws and regulations, and cannot guarantee they will not be material. 

We may face liability arising out of the normal course of business, including alleged personal injury or property damage due to exposure to chemicals or other hazardous substances at our current or former
facilities or chemicals that we manufacture, handle or own. In addition, because our products are components of a variety of other end-use products, we, along with other members of the chemical industry, are subject to potential claims related to
those end-use products. Any substantial increase in the success of these types of claims could negatively affect our operating results. 

We (together with the industries in which we operate) are subject to extensive national, regional, state and local environmental laws, regulations, directives, rules and ordinances concerning 

•

 emissions to the air; 

•

 discharges onto land or surface waters or into groundwater; and 

•

 the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and waste materials.

24 

Table of Contents

Many of these laws and regulations provide for substantial fines and potential criminal
sanctions for violations. Some of these laws and regulations are subject to varying and conflicting interpretations. In addition, some of these laws and regulations require us to meet specific financial responsibility requirements. Any substantial
liability for environmental damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Although we have compliance programs and other processes intended to ensure compliance with all such regulations, we are subject to the risk that our compliance with such regulations could be challenged.
Non-compliance with certain of these regulations could result in the incurrence of additional costs, penalties or assessments that could be material. 

Our industry is subject to extensive government regulation, and existing, or future regulations may restrict our operations, increase our costs of operations or require us to make additional capital
expenditures. 

Compliance with regulatory requirements could result in higher operating costs, such as regulatory
requirements relating to emissions, the security of our facilities, and the transportation, export or registration of our products. We generally expect that regulatory controls worldwide will become increasingly more demanding, but cannot accurately
predict future developments. 

Increasingly strict environmental laws and inspection and enforcement policies, could affect the
handling, manufacture, use, emission or disposal of products, other materials or hazardous and non-hazardous waste. Stricter environmental, safety and health laws, regulations and enforcement policies could result in increased operating costs or
capital expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. Additionally, we are required to have permits for our businesses and are subject to licensing regulations. These permits and licenses are subject to renewal, modification and in some
circumstances, revocation. Further, the permits and licenses are often difficult, time consuming and costly to obtain and could contain conditions that limit our operations. 

We may incur substantial costs to comply with climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives. 

There has been a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on greenhouse gas (“GHG”) reduction. These proposed or promulgated laws apply or could
apply in countries where we have interests or may have interests in the future. Laws in this field continue to evolve and, while they are likely to be increasingly widespread and stringent, at this stage it is not possible to accurately estimate
either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation. Within the framework of EU emissions trading, we were allocated certain allowances of carbon dioxide per year for the affected plants of our European
sites for the 2005 to 2007 period. For the second trading period (2008 to 2012), a number of our plants were included in the Europe-wide trading system. We expect to incur additional costs as a result of the existing emissions trading scheme
(including the third trading period starting in 2013) and could incur additional costs in relation to any future carbon or other greenhouse gas emission trading schemes. The costs could be higher to the extent that we decide to sell credits that we
need in the future. 

In the U.S., the Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”) has promulgated federal GHG
regulations under the Clean Air Act affecting certain sources. The EPA has issued mandatory GHG reporting requirements, requirements to obtain GHG permits for certain industrial plants and proposals for GHG performance standards for some facilities.
The recent EPA action could be a precursor to further federal regulation of carbon dioxide emissions and other greenhouse gases, and may affect the outcome of other climate change lawsuits pending in U.S. federal courts in a manner unfavorable to
our industry. In any event, additional regulation may be forthcoming at the U.S. federal or state level with respect to GHG emissions, and such regulation could result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes or required acquisition
or trading of emission allowances. 

Compliance with these or other changes in laws, regulations and obligations that create a
GHG emissions trading scheme or GHG reduction policies generally could significantly increase our costs or reduce demand for 

25 

Table of Contents

products we produce. Additionally, compliance with these regulations may result in increased permitting necessary for the operation of our business or for any of our growth plans. Difficulties in
obtaining such permits could have an adverse effect on our future growth. Therefore, any future potential regulations and legislation could result in increased compliance costs, additional operating restrictions or delays in implementing growth
projects or other capital investments, and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We may be required to record material charges against our earnings due to any number of events that could cause impairments to our
assets. 

We may be required to reduce production at or idle facilities for extended periods of time or exit certain
businesses as a result of the cyclical nature of our industry. Specifically, oversupplies of or lack of demand for particular products or high raw material prices may cause us to reduce production. We may choose to reduce production at certain
facilities because we have off-take arrangements at other facilities, which make any reductions or idling unavailable at those facilities. Any decision to permanently close facilities or exit a business likely would result in impairment and other
charges to earnings. 

Temporary outages at our facilities can last for several quarters and sometimes longer. These outages
could cause us to incur significant costs, including the expenses of maintaining and restarting these facilities. In addition, even though we may reduce production at facilities, we may be required to continue to purchase or pay for utilities or raw
materials under take-or-pay supply agreements. 

Our business is capital intensive and we rely on cash generated from
operations and external financing to fund our growth and ongoing capital needs. Limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect our operating results. 

We require significant capital to operate our current business and fund our growth strategy. Moreover, interest payments, dividends and
the expansion of our business or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital. We believe that our cash from operations currently will be sufficient to meet these needs. However, if we need external financing, our access
to credit markets and pricing of our capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies and the state of the capital markets generally. There can be no assurances that we would be able to incur indebtedness
on terms we deem acceptable, and it is possible that the cost of any financings could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or raise adequate external
financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, we could be forced to restrict our operations and growth opportunities, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

We may use our five-year, $2.0 billion revolving credit facility to meet our cash needs, to the extent available. As of
December 31, 2012, we had no borrowings and $48 million of letters of credit issued and supported by the facility, leaving an unused and available credit capacity of $1,949 million. In the event of a default under our credit facility or
any of our senior notes, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. Any default under any of our credit
arrangements could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. Without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate.

Certain activities related to a former project raise compliance issues under U.S. law. 

We have identified an agreement related to a former project in Kazakhstan under which a payment was made that raises compliance concerns
under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”). We have engaged outside counsel to investigate these activities, under the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board, and to evaluate internal controls and
compliance policies and procedures. We made a 

26 

Table of Contents

voluntary disclosure of these matters to the U.S. Department of Justice and are cooperating fully with that agency. We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters at this time since our
investigations are ongoing. In this respect, we may not have conducted business in compliance with the FCPA and may not have had policies and procedures in place adequate to ensure compliance. Therefore, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of
liability for any potential penalty resulting from these matters. Violations of these laws could result in criminal and civil liabilities and other forms of penalties or sanctions that could be material to us. 

Legislation and regulatory initiatives could lead to a decrease in demand for our products. 

New or revised governmental regulations and independent studies relating to the effect of our products on health, safety and the
environment may affect demand for our products and the cost of producing our products. Initiatives by governments and private interest groups will potentially require increased toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of
chemicals, including chemicals used or produced by us. For example, in the United States, the National Toxicology Program (“NTP”) is a federal interagency program that seeks to identify and select for study chemicals and other substances
to evaluate potential human health hazards. In the European Union, REACh is regulation designed to identify the intrinsic properties of chemical substances, assess hazards and risks of the substances, and identify and implement the risk management
measures to protect humans and the environment. 

Assessments under NTP, REACh or similar programs or regulations in other
jurisdictions may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals we use or produce and may result in additional requirements being placed on the production, handling, labeling or use of those chemicals. Such concerns and additional requirements
could also increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit the use of these products, which could lead to a decrease in demand for these products. Such a decrease in demand could have an adverse impact on
our business and results of operations. 

A substantial portion of our ordinary shares are owned by a few persons, and
their interests in LyondellBasell Industries N.V. may conflict with other stakeholders’ interests. 

As of
February 1, 2013, two separate groups of affiliated shareholders collectively own approximately 34% of our outstanding ordinary shares. Under Dutch law, there are no quorum requirements for shareholder voting and most matters are approved or
adopted by a majority of votes cast. As a result, as long as these shareholders or any other substantial shareholder own, directly or indirectly, a substantial portion of our outstanding shares, they will be able to significantly influence all
matters requiring shareholder approval, including amendments to our Articles of Association, the election of directors, significant corporate transactions, dividend payments and other matters. These shareholders may have interests that conflict with
other stakeholders, including holders of our notes, and actions may be taken that other stakeholders do not view as beneficial. 

Additionally, these shareholders are party to nomination agreements that entitle each of the shareholders to cause our Supervisory Board
to nominate for election members to our Supervisory Board for so long as the shareholder owns specified percentages of our ordinary shares. 

Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees and the identification and development of talent to succeed senior management. 

Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, and we rely heavily on our management team. The inability to
recruit and retain key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. In addition, because of the reliance on our management team, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and develop
talent to succeed senior management. The retention of key personnel and appropriate senior management succession planning will continue to be critically important to the successful implementation of our strategies. 

27 

Table of Contents

We may not be able to fully or successfully implement our ongoing plans to improve and
globally integrate our business processes and functions. 

We continue to seek ways to drive greater productivity,
flexibility and cost savings. In particular, we are working towards the improvement and global integration of our business processes and functions. As part of these efforts, we have been centralizing certain functions, implementing new information
technology, and integrating our existing information technology systems. 

Our ongoing implementation of organizational
improvements is made more difficult by our need to coordinate geographically dispersed operations. Inabilities and delays in implementing improvements can negatively affect our ability to realize projected or expected cost savings. In addition, the
process of organizational improvements may cause interruptions of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of our businesses. It may also result in the loss of personnel or other labor issues. These issues, as well as any information technology
systems failures, also could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 

Additionally, from time to time certain aspects of our business processes may be outsourced to third parties. The processes, or the portions thereof, that are outsourced generally will tend to be labor
intensive transactional activities. Although we make a diligent effort to ensure that all providers of outsourced services observe proper internal control practices and procedures, we cannot assure that failures will not occur. The failure of such
third parties to provide adequate services could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity, or our ability to provide adequate financial and management reporting. 

Significant changes in pension fund investment performance or assumptions relating to pension costs may adversely affect the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans, and
our pension cost. 

Our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rate used to measure pension obligations,
the level of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets may
result in corresponding increases and decreases in the valuation of plan assets, particularly equity securities, or in a change of the expected rate of return on plan assets. Any change in key actuarial assumptions, such as the discount rate, would
impact the valuation of pension obligations, affecting the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years. 

Certain of our current pension plans have projected benefit obligations that exceed the fair value of the plan assets. As of December 31, 2012, the aggregate deficit was $1,121 million. Any
declines in the fair values of the pension plans assets could require additional payments by us in order to maintain specified funding levels. 

Our pension plans are subject to legislative and regulatory requirements of applicable jurisdictions, which could include, under certain circumstances, local governmental authority to terminate the plan.

Our operations could be adversely affected by labor relations. 

The vast majority of our employees located in Europe and South America are represented by labor unions and works councils. Approximately
800 of our employees located in North America are represented by labor unions. 

Our operations have been in the past, and may
be in the future, significantly and adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages and other labor disputes. 

28 

Table of Contents