.

In evaluating the Company, the risks described below and the
matters described in “Forward-Looking Statements”
should be considered carefully. Such risks and matters could
significantly and adversely affect the Company’s business,
prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

 The Company faces significant competition in the retail
 industry.

The Company conducts its retail merchandising business under
highly competitive conditions. Although the Company is one of
the nation’s largest retailers, it has numerous and varied
competitors at the national and local levels, including
conventional and specialty department stores, other specialty
stores, mass merchants, value retailers, discounters, and
Internet and mail-order retailers. Competition is characterized
by many factors, including assortment, advertising, price,
quality, service, location, reputation and credit availability.
If the Company does not compete effectively with regard to these
factors, its results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected.

6

 The Company’s sales and operating results depend on
 consumer preferences and consumer spending.

The fashion and retail industries are subject to sudden shifts
in consumer trends and consumer spending. The Company’s
sales and operating results depend in part on its ability to
predict or respond to changes in fashion trends and consumer
preferences in a timely manner. The Company develops new retail
concepts and continuously adjusts its industry position in
certain major and private-label brands and product categories in
an effort to satisfy customers. Any sustained failure to
identify and respond to emerging trends in lifestyle and
consumer preferences could have a material adverse affect on the
Company’s business. Consumer spending may be affected by
many factors outside of the Company’s control, including
competition from store-based retailers, mail-order and Internet
companies, consumer confidence and preferences, consumers’
disposable income, weather that affects consumer traffic and
general economic conditions.

 The Company’s business could be affected by extreme
 weather conditions or natural disasters.

Extreme weather conditions in the areas in which the
Company’s stores are located could adversely affect the
Company’s business. For example, frequent or unusually
heavy snowfall, ice storms, rain storms or other extreme weather
conditions over a prolonged period could make it difficult for
the Company’s customers to travel to its stores and thereby
reduce the Company’s sales and profitability. In addition,
natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes
could severely damage or destroy one or more of the
Company’s stores or warehouses located in the affected
areas, thereby disrupting the Company’s business operations.

The Company’s business is also susceptible to unseasonable
weather conditions. For example, extended periods of
unseasonably warm temperatures during the winter season or cool
weather during the summer season could render a portion of the
Company’s inventory incompatible with those unseasonable
conditions. Reduced sales from extreme or prolonged unseasonable
weather conditions could adversely affect the Company’s
business.

 The Company’s revenues and cash requirements are
 affected by the seasonal nature of its business.

The Company’s business is seasonal, with a high proportion
of revenues and operating cash flows generated during the second
half of the fiscal year, which includes the fall and holiday
selling seasons. The Company has in the past experienced
significant fluctuations in its revenues from quarter to quarter
with a disproportionate amount of revenues falling in the fourth
fiscal quarter, which coincides with the holiday season. In
addition, the Company incurs significant additional expenses in
the period leading up to the months of November and December in
anticipation of higher sales volume in those periods, including
for additional inventory, advertising and employees.

 The Company’s business is subject to unfavorable
 economic and political conditions and other developments and
 risks.

Unfavorable global, domestic or regional economic or political
conditions and other developments and risks could negatively
affect the Company’s business. For example, unfavorable
changes related to interest rates, rates of economic growth,
fiscal and monetary policies of governments, inflation,
deflation, consumer credit availability, consumer debt levels,
tax rates and policy, unemployment trends, oil prices and other
matters that influence the availability and cost of merchandise,
consumer confidence, spending and tourism could adversely impact
the Company’s growth. In addition, unstable political
conditions or civil unrest, including terrorist activities and
worldwide military and domestic disturbances and conflicts,
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business and results of operations.

7

 The benefits expected to be realized from the May acquisition
 are subject to various risks, and the Company’s failure to
 integrate May successfully or on a timely basis into the
 Company’s operations could reduce the Company’s
 profitability.

The Company’s acquisition of May during the third quarter
of 2005 was a significant acquisition for the Company. The
Company’s success in fully realizing the anticipated
benefits from the acquisition will depend in large part on
achieving anticipated synergies, business opportunities and
growth prospects. There can be no assurance that these
synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects will
materialize, and the Company’s ability to benefit from the
May acquisition is subject to both the risks affecting the
Company’s business generally and the difficulties
associated with integrating large business organizations. In
addition, there can be no assurance that the Company’s
execution of its post-merger strategy to rebrand May stores will
improve its operating performance. The failure of the Company to
realize the benefits expected to result from the May acquisition
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business and results of operations.

 The Company’s growth may strain operations, which could
 adversely affect the Company’s business and financial
 performance.

With the acquisition of May, the Company’s business has
grown dramatically. Accordingly, sales, number of stores and
number of associates have grown and likely will continue to
grow. This growth places significant demands on management and
operational systems. If the Company is unable to effectively
manage its growth, operational inefficiencies could occur and,
as a result, the Company’s business and results of
operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 The Company depends upon the success of its advertising and
 marketing programs.

The Company’s advertising and promotional costs, net of
cooperative advertising allowances, amounted to
$1,076 million for 2005. The Company’s business
depends on high customer traffic in its stores and effective
marketing. The Company has many initiatives in this area, and
often changes its advertising and marketing programs. There can
be no assurance as to the Company’s continued ability to
effectively execute its advertising and marketing programs, and
any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business and results of operations.

 A material disruption in the Company’s computer systems
 could adversely affect the Company’s business or results of
 operations.

The Company relies extensively on its computer systems to
process transactions, summarize results and manage its business.
The Company’s computer systems are subject to damage or
interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications
failures, computer viruses, security breaches, catastrophic
events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes, and usage errors
by the Company’s employees. If the Company’s computer
systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the Company
may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace
them, and the Company may suffer interruptions in its operations
in the interim. Any material interruption in the Company’s
computer systems could adversely affect its business or results
of operations.

8

 If the Company is unable to attract and retain quality
 associates, its business could be adversely affected.

The Company’s business is dependent upon attracting and
retaining a large and growing number of quality associates. Many
of these associates are in entry level or part time positions
with historically high rates of turnover. The Company’s
ability to meet its labor needs while controlling its costs is
subject to external factors such as unemployment levels,
prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing
demographics. Changes that adversely impact the Company’s
ability to attract and retain quality associates could adversely
affect the Company’s business.

 The Company is subject to numerous regulations that could
 adversely affect its business.

The Company is subject to customs,
truth-in-advertising
and other laws, including consumer protection regulations and
zoning and occupancy ordinances that regulate retailers
generally and/or govern the importation, promotion and sale of
merchandise and the operation of retail stores and warehouse
facilities. Although the Company undertakes to monitor changes
in these laws, if these laws change without the Company’s
knowledge, or are violated by importers, designers,
manufacturers or distributors, the Company could experience
delays in shipments and receipt of goods or be subject to fines
or other penalties under the controlling regulations, any of
which could adversely affect the Company’s business.

 Litigation or regulatory developments could adversely affect
 the Company’s business or financial condition.

The Company is subject to various federal, state and local laws,
rules and regulations, which may change from time to time. In
addition, the Company is regularly involved in various
litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of its
business. Litigation or regulatory developments could adversely
affect the Company’s business and financial condition.

Factors beyond the Company’s control could affect the
Company’s stock price.

The Company’s stock price, like that of other retail
companies, is subject to significant volatility because of many
factors, including factors beyond the control of the Company.
These factors include:

• 

 general economic and stock market conditions;

• 

 risks relating to the Company’s business and its industry,
 including those discussed above;

• 

 strategic actions by the Company or its competitors;

• 

 variations in the Company’s quarterly results of operations;

• 

 future sales of the Company’s common stock; and

• 

 investor perceptions of the investment opportunity associated
 with the Company’s common stock relative to other
 investment alternatives.

In addition, the Company may fail to meet the expectations of
its stockholders or of analysts at some time in the future. If
the analysts that regularly follow the Company’s stock
lower their rating or lower their projections for future growth
and financial performance, the Company’s stock price could
decline. Also, sales of a substantial number of shares of the
Company’s common stock in the public market or the
appearance that these shares are available for sale could
adversely affect the market price for Company common stock.

9