Legal and Regulatory Risks 

Interchange fees and related practices
have been receiving significant and increasingly intense legal, regulatory and legislative scrutiny worldwide, and the resulting decisions, regulations and legislation may have a material adverse impact on our revenue, our prospects for future
growth and our overall business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Interchange fees, which represent a
sharing of payment system costs among the financial institutions participating in a four-party payment card system such as ours, are generally the largest component of the costs that acquirers charge merchants in connection with the acceptance of
payment cards. Typically, interchange fees are paid by the merchant financial institution (the acquirer) to the cardholder financial institution (the issuer) in connection with transactions initiated on our payment system. 

We do not earn revenues from interchange fees. They are, however, a key factor in balancing the costs consumers pay and the costs
merchants pay in our payment system. They are also a factor on which we compete with other payment providers and therefore an important determinant of the volume of transactions we process 

26 

Table of Contents

over our network. Although we have historically set default interchange fees in the United States and other countries, in certain jurisdictions, our interchange rates and related practices,
including our default interchange fees, are subject to increased litigation and government regulation as card-based forms of payment have become relatively more important to local economies. Regulators and legislative bodies in a number of
countries, as well as merchants, are seeking to reduce these fees through litigation, regulatory action and/or legislative action. 

Increased legislative scrutiny in the United States is resulting in limitations on our ability to establish default interchange rates for debit transactions. In July 2010, the United States enacted into
law the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that, among other things, requires debit and prepaid “interchange transaction fees” to be “reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the issuer with respect to the
transaction.” See “Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks—The Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may have a material adverse impact on our revenue, our prospects for future growth and our overall business, financial
condition and results of operations” in this Part I, Item 1A for more detail. Interchange fees also have been the subject of legislative activity elsewhere, including: 

•

 In France, in May 2009, the French Parliament began considering a bill that would have regulated merchant discount fees. In October 2010, a
substantially modified version of the bill was adopted, and was subsequently struck down by the French Constitutional Court in January 2011. 

•

 In Canada, in June 2009, the Canadian Senate issued a report with the non-binding recommendations that debit interchange be set at zero for three
years, merchant surcharging be permitted in Canada and “honor all cards” rules be modified. In response, the Canadian Department of Finance implemented a voluntary “Code of Conduct” on related issues for payment card industry
participants in Canada, to which MasterCard has agreed to abide. Private member bills have also been introduced in the Canadian Senate that would attempt to establish legislative or regulatory controls over interchange and related practices

•

 In Hungary, in December 2009, the Hungarian Parliament began considering a bill that would have regulated interchange fees and merchant discount rates.
In February 2010, a modified bill was adopted which only regulated merchant discount rate, and the bill was subsequently effectively repealed in January 2011. 

•

 In Brazil, in May 2010, the Central Bank of Brazil (together with competition agencies in Brazil) issued a final report detailing their findings with
respect to the retail payment system in Brazil, including a finding that greater transparency was required in the setting of domestic interchange rates. 

In addition, regulatory authorities and central banks in a number of jurisdictions around the world have commenced proceedings or inquiries into interchange fees and related practices. Examples include:

•

 In the European Union, in December 2007, the European Commission issued a negative decision (which we have appealed to the General Court of the
European Union) with respect to our cross-border interchange fees for consumer credit and debit cards under European Union competition rules. 

•

 In Australia, the Reserve Bank of Australia enacted regulations in 2002 (which have been subsequently reviewed and not withdrawn) controlling the costs
that can be considered in setting interchange fees for four-party payment card systems such as ours. 

•

 In the United Kingdom, in February 2007, the Office of Fair Trading commenced a new investigation (which has been suspended pending the outcome of our
appeal of the European Commission decision) of our current U.K. credit card interchange fees and so-called “immediate debit” cards to determine whether such fees contravene U.K. and European Union competition law.

•

 In Poland, in January 2007, the Polish Office for Protection of Competition and Consumers issued a decision that our domestic interchange fees are
unlawful under Polish competition law, and imposed fines on our licensed financial institutions—the decision is currently being appealed. 

27 

Table of Contents

•

 In Hungary, in addition to the legislative activity described above, MasterCard Europe is appealing the Hungarian Competition Office December 2009
decision (which has been stayed) ruling that MasterCard Europe’s historic domestic interchange fees violate Hungarian competition law and fining MasterCard Europe approximately U.S. $3 million. 

•

 In Italy, MasterCard Europe is appealing the November 2010 decision of the Italian Competition Authority ruling that MasterCard Europe’s domestic
interchange fees violate European Union competition law and fining MasterCard 2.7 million euro. 

•

 In Canada, in addition to the legislative activity described above, in December 2010 the Canadian Competition Bureau filed an application with the
Canadian Competition Tribunal to strike down rules related to MasterCard’s interchange fees, including its “honor all cards” and “no surcharge” rules. 

•

 In South Africa, in September 2010, MasterCard was informed by the South African Reserve Bank that it intended to appoint an independent consultant to
make a recommendation on a simplified interchange structure for all payment systems in South Africa. 

See Note 22 (Legal and
Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 for a detailed description of regulatory proceedings and inquiries into interchange fees. We believe that regulators are increasingly cooperating on
interchange matters and, as a result, developments in any one jurisdiction may influence regulators’ approach to interchange fees in other jurisdictions. See “Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks—New regulations in one
jurisdiction or of one product may lead to new regulations in other jurisdictions or of other products” in this Part I, Item 1A. 

Additionally, merchants are seeking to reduce interchange fees through litigation. In the United States, merchants have filed approximately 50 class action or individual suits alleging that
MasterCard’s interchange fees and acceptance rules violate federal antitrust laws. These suits allege, among other things, that our purported setting of interchange fees constitutes horizontal price-fixing between and among MasterCard and its
member banks, and MasterCard, Visa and their member banks in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, which prohibits contracts, combinations or conspiracies that unreasonably restrain trade. The suits seek treble damages, attorneys’
fees and injunctive relief. See Note 22 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 for more details regarding the allegations contained in these complaints and the status of these
proceedings. 

If issuers cannot collect, or we are forced to reduce, interchange fees, issuers may be unable to recoup a
portion of the costs incurred for their services. This could reduce the number of financial institutions willing to participate in our four-party payment card system, lower overall transaction volumes, and/or make proprietary end-to-end networks or
other forms of payment more attractive. Issuers also could charge higher fees to consumers, thereby making our card programs less desirable to consumers and reducing our transaction volumes and profitability, or attempt to decrease the expense of
their card programs by seeking a reduction in the fees that we charge. This could also result in less innovation and product offerings. We are devoting substantial management and financial resources to the defense of interchange fees in regulatory
proceedings, litigation and legislative activity. The potential outcome of any legislative, regulatory or litigation action could have a more positive or negative impact on MasterCard relative to its competitors. If we are ultimately unsuccessful in
our defense of interchange fees, any such legislation, regulation and/or litigation may have a material adverse impact on our revenue, our prospects for future growth and our overall business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, regulatory proceedings and litigation could result in MasterCard being fined and/or having to pay civil damages. 

The Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may have a material adverse impact on our revenue, our prospects for future
growth and our overall business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act recently enacted in the United States establishes regulation and oversight by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board of debit interchange rates and certain other network 

28 

Table of Contents

industry practices. Among other things, it requires debit and prepaid “interchange transaction fees” (referred to in the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act as fees
established, charged or received by a payment card network for the purpose of compensating an issuer for its involvement in an electronic debit transaction) to be “reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the issuer with respect to
the transaction.” Proposed regulations by the Federal Reserve provide two alternative proposals for determining whether a debit interchange fee complies with the “reasonable and proportional” standard. One alternative would impose a
range for a per-transaction interchange fee and the other would impose a simple cap. In each case, the Federal Reserve’s proposed debit interchange limits are significantly below the interchange fees card issuers currently receive. Provided
certain conditions are met, the proposed regulations exempt from the proposed interchange fee restrictions the following: (1) issuers with assets of less than $10 billion; (2) debit cards issued pursuant to a government-administered
program; and (3) general use prepaid cards not marketed or labeled as gift cards. Also, while the proposed regulations do not directly regulate network fees, they make clear that network fees cannot be used to circumvent the debit interchange
fee restrictions. See “Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks—Interchange fees and related practices have been receiving significant and increasingly intense legal, regulatory and legislative scrutiny worldwide, and the resulting
decisions, regulations and legislation may have a material adverse impact on our revenue, our prospects for future growth and our overall business, financial condition and results of operations” in this Part I, Item 1A. 

Additionally, the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act provides that neither an issuer nor a payment card network may establish
exclusive debit network arrangements or inhibit the ability of a merchant to choose among different networks for routing debit transactions. Under alternative rules proposed by the Federal Reserve, either (1) a debit card would meet the
requirements of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act as long as it could be used in at least two unaffiliated networks, or (2) each debit card would be required to function in at least two unaffiliated networks for each method of
authorization that the cardholder could use for transactions (i.e., two signature and/or two PIN networks). 

The Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act also created two new independent regulatory bodies in the Financial Reserve System. The Bureau will have significant authority to regulate consumer financial products, including consumer credit, deposit,
payment, and similar products, although it is not clear whether and/or to what extent the Bureau will be authorized to regulate broader aspects of payment card network operations. The Council is tasked, among other responsibilities, with identifying
“systemically important” payment, clearing and settlement systems that will be subject to new regulation, supervision and examination requirements, although it is not clear whether MasterCard would be deemed “systemically
important” under the applicable statutory standard. If MasterCard were deemed “systemically important,” it could be subject to new risk management regulations relating to its payment, clearing, and settlement activities. New
regulations could address areas such as risk management policies and procedures; collateral requirements; participant default policies and procedures; the ability to complete timely clearing and settlement of financial transactions; and capital and
financial resource requirements. Also, a “systemically important” payment system could be required to obtain prior approval from the U.S. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or another federal agency for changes to its
system rules, procedures or operations that could materially affect the level of risk presented by that payment system. These developments or actions could increase the cost of operating our business and may make payment card transactions less
attractive to card issuers, as well as consumers. This could result in a reduction in our payments volume and revenues. 

If
issuers, acquirers and/or merchants modify their business operations or otherwise take actions in response to this legislation which have the result of reducing the number of debit transactions we process or the network fees we collect, the Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act could have a material adverse impact on our revenue, our prospects for future growth and our overall business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure by our customers or by us to adjust our
strategies successfully to compete in the new environment would increase this impact. 

29 

Table of Contents

New regulations in one jurisdiction or of one product may lead to new regulations in
other jurisdictions or of other products. 

Regulators around the world increasingly look at each other’s
approaches to the regulation of the payments and other industries. Consequently, a development in any one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in other countries, states or regions. This includes the interpretation of the
recent Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other regulatory and legislative activity relating to interchange. Similarly, new laws and regulations in a country, state or region involving one product may cause lawmakers there to extend
the regulations to another product. For example, regulations like those affecting debit payments could lead to regulations affecting credit and general use prepaid cards. See “Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks— Government
actions may prevent us from competing effectively against providers of domestic payments services in certain countries which could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues” in this Part I, Item 1A. 

As a result, the risks created by any one new law or regulation are magnified by the potential they have to be replicated, affecting our
business in another place or involving another product. These include matters like interchange rates, network standards and network exclusivity and routing agreements. Conversely, if widely varying regulations come into existence worldwide, we may
have difficulty adjusting our products, services, fees and other important aspects of our business, with the same effect. Either of these eventualities could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Government actions may prevent us from competing effectively against providers of domestic payments
services in certain countries, which could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues. 

Governments in certain countries, such as Russia, Ukraine and India, have acted, or could act, to provide resources or protection to
selected national payment card and processing providers. These governments may take this action to support these providers. They may also take this action to displace us from, prevent us from entering into, or substantially restrict us from
participating in, particular geographies. As an example, governments in certain countries are considering, or may consider, regulatory requirements that mandate processing of domestic payments either entirely in that country or by only domestic
companies. Such a development would prevent us from utilizing our global processing capabilities for customers. Our efforts to effect change in these countries may not succeed. This could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our
revenues and extend our global brand. 

The payments industry is the subject of increasing global regulatory focus, which
may result in the imposition of costly new compliance burdens on us and our customers and may lead to increased costs and decreased transaction volumes and revenues. 

We are subject to regulations that affect the payment industry in the many countries in which our cards are used. In particular, many of our customers are subject to regulations applicable to banks and
other financial institutions in the United States and abroad, and, consequently, MasterCard is at times affected by such regulations. Regulation of the payments industry, including regulations applicable to us and our customers, has increased
significantly in the last several years. See “Business—Government Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 for a detailed description of such regulation and related legislation. In addition to the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, examples include: 

•

 Anti-money laundering regulation, such as Section 352(a) of the USA PATRIOT Act in the United States and an anti-money laundering law enacted in
India (which imposes requirements on payment systems, such as MasterCard’s, and their customers). 

•

 Payment systems regulation, such as the Indian Payments and Settlement Systems Act 2007, under which payment system operators, such as MasterCard,
operate under the authority and broad oversight of the Reserve Bank of India. Increased regulatory focus in this area could result in additional 

30 

Table of Contents

obligations or restrictions with respect to the types of products that we may offer to consumers, the countries in which our cards may be used and the types of cardholders and merchants who can
obtain or accept our cards. 

•

 Regulations imposed by OFAC, which impose restrictions on financial transactions with certain countries and with persons and entities included on the
SDN List. It is possible that transactions involving persons or entities on the SDN List may be processed through our payment system, and that our reputation may suffer due to some of our financial institutions’ association with these countries
or the existence of any such transactions, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the value of our stock. 

•

 Legislation, such as that enacted by certain U.S. states, regarding investments by pension funds and other retirement systems in companies that have
business activities or contacts with countries that have been identified as terrorist-sponsoring states. As a result of such legislation, pension funds and other retirement systems may be subject to reporting requirements with respect to investments
in companies such as ours or may be subject to limits or prohibitions with respect to those investments that may materially and adversely affect our stock price. 

•

 Issuer practices legislation and regulation, including the Credit CARD Act (which is being implemented through regulations issued by the Board of
Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System), which are having a significant impact on the disclosures made by our customers and on our customers’ account terms and business practices by, among other things, making it more difficult
for credit card issuers to price credit cards for future credit risk and significantly affecting the pricing, credit allocation, and business models of most major credit card issuers. Additional regulations include regulations by the Board of
Governors regulating overdraft fees imposed in connection with ATM and debit card transactions. 

•

 Regulation of Internet transactions, including legislation enacted by the U.S. Congress (and applicable to payment system participants, including
MasterCard and our customers in the United States) requiring the coding and blocking of payments for certain types of Internet gambling transactions, as well as various additional legislative and regulatory activities with respect to Internet
transactions which are being considered in the United States. 

Increased regulatory focus on us, such as in
connection with the matters discussed above, may result in costly compliance burdens and/or may otherwise increase our costs, which could materially and adversely impact our financial performance. Similarly, increased regulatory focus on our
customers may cause such customers to reduce the volume of transactions processed through our systems, which could reduce our revenues materially and adversely impact our financial performance. Finally, failure to comply with the laws and
regulations discussed above to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and overall business, as well as have an impact on our reputation.

Regulation in the areas of consumer privacy, data use and/or security could decrease the number of payment cards issued
and could increase our costs. 

We and our customers are also subject to regulations related to privacy and data
protection and information security in the jurisdictions in which we do business, and we and our customers could be negatively impacted by these regulations. Recently, these topics have received heightened legislative and regulatory focus in the
United States (at both the federal and state level), in Europe and in other jurisdictions around the world. Regulation of privacy and data protection and information security in these and other jurisdictions may increase the costs of our customers
to issue payment cards, which may, in turn, decrease the number of our cards that they issue. Any additional regulations in these areas may also increase our costs to comply with such regulations, which could materially and adversely affect our
profitability. Finally, failure to comply with the privacy and data protection and security laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations and overall business, as well as have an impact on our reputation. 

31 

Table of Contents

If the approval of the settlements of our currency conversion cases is undermined by
an appeal and we are unsuccessful in any of our various lawsuits relating to our currency conversion practices, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

We generate significant revenue from processing cross-border currency transactions for customers. However, we are defendants in several
state and federal lawsuits alleging that our currency conversion practices are deceptive, anti-competitive or otherwise unlawful. In July 2006, MasterCard and other defendants in federal class actions related to these matters entered into agreements
to settle or otherwise dispose of such matters. Pursuant to the settlement agreements, MasterCard has paid $72 million to be used for the defendants’ settlement fund to settle the federal actions and $13 million to settle state cases. While the
federal court has granted final approval of the settlement agreements, the settlements are subject to appeals. If an appeal is filed and we are unsuccessful in that appellate proceeding, the settlement agreements will terminate. If that occurs, and
we are unsuccessful in defending against these lawsuits or the state currency conversion cases, we may have to pay restitution to cardholders who make claims that they used their cards in another country, or may be required to modify our currency
conversion practices. See Note 22 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. 

If we determine in the future that we are required to establish reserves or we incur liabilities for any litigation that has been or may be brought against us, our results of operations, cash flow
and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Except as discussed in Note 22
(Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, we have not established reserves for any of the material legal proceedings in which we are currently involved and we are unable to estimate
at this time the amount of charges, if any, that may be required to provide reserves for these matters in the future. We may determine in the future that a charge for all or a portion of any of our legal proceedings is required, including charges
related to legal fees. In addition, we may be required to record an additional charge if we incur liabilities in excess of reserves that we have previously recorded. Such charges, particularly in the event we may be found liable in a large
class-action lawsuit or on the basis of an antitrust claim entitling the plaintiff to treble damages or under which we were jointly and severally liable, could be significant and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash
flow and financial condition, or, in certain circumstances, even cause us to become insolvent. See Note 22 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. 

Limitations on our business and other penalties resulting from litigation or litigation settlements may materially and adversely
affect our revenue and profitability. 

As a result of the settlement agreement in connection with the U.S. merchant
lawsuit in 2003, merchants have the right to reject our debit cards in the United States while still accepting other MasterCard-branded cards, and vice versa. See Note 22 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements
included in Part II, Item 8. These limitations and any future limitations on our business resulting from litigation or litigation settlements could reduce the volume of business that we do with our customers, which may materially and adversely
affect our revenue and profitability. 

Potential changes in the tax laws applicable to us could materially increase our
tax payments. 

Potential changes in existing tax laws, such as recent proposals for fundamental tax reform in the
United States, including the treatment of earnings of controlled foreign corporations, may impact our effective tax rate. See also Note 21 (Income Tax) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. 

32 

Table of Contents

Business Risks 

Our revenues, operating results, prospects for future growth and overall business may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry.

The global payments industry is highly competitive. Our payment programs compete against all forms of payment,
including paper-based transactions (principally cash and checks), card-based systems, including credit, charge, debit, prepaid, private-label and other types of general purpose and limited use cards, and electronic transactions such as wire
transfers and Automated Clearing House payments. Within the global general purpose payment card industry, we face substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide from systems such as Visa, American Express, Discover and JCB, among others.
Visa has significantly greater volume than we do, and has greater scale and market share, as well as strong brand recognition, which provides significant competitive advantages. Moreover, some of our traditional competitors, as well as alternative
payment service providers, may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, may offer a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective advertising and marketing strategies to achieve broader
brand recognition or merchant acceptance than we have. Our ability to compete may also be affected by the outcomes of litigation, regulatory proceedings and legislative activity. 

Certain of our competitors, including American Express, Discover, private-label card networks and certain alternative payments systems,
operate end-to-end payments systems with direct connections to both merchants and consumers, without involving intermediaries. These competitors seek to derive competitive advantages from their business models. For example, operators of end-to-end
payments systems tend to have greater control over consumer and merchant customer service than operators of four party payments systems such as ours, in which we must rely on our issuing and acquiring financial institution customers. In addition,
these competitors have not attracted the same level of legal or regulatory scrutiny of their pricing and business practices as have operators of four-party payments systems such as ours. Certain competitors may also hold competitive advantages as a
result of their organizational structures. See “Business—Competition” in Part I, Item 1. 

If we are not
able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, drive value for our customers and/or effectively align our resources with our goals and objectives, we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats. Our competitors may also more
effectively introduce their own innovative programs and services that adversely impact our growth. Our customers can also develop their own competitive services. As a result, our revenue or profitability could decline. We also compete against new
entrants that have developed alternative payment systems, e-Commerce payment systems and payment systems for mobile devices. A number of these new entrants rely principally on the Internet to support their services and may enjoy lower costs than we
do, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We also expect that there may be other changes in the competitive
landscape in the future, including: 

•

 Parties that process our transactions in certain countries may try to eliminate our position as an intermediary in the payment process. For example,
merchants could process transactions directly with issuers, or processors could process transactions directly between issuers and acquirers. Large scale consolidation within processors could result in these processors developing bilateral agreements
or in some cases processing the entire transaction on their own network, thereby dis-intermediating MasterCard. 

•

 Rapid and significant technological changes could occur, resulting in new and innovative payment programs that could place us at a competitive
disadvantage and that could reduce the use of MasterCard-branded cards. 

•

 Competitors, customers and other industry participants may develop products that compete with or replace value-added services we currently provide to
support our transaction processing which could, if significant numbers of cardholders choose to use them, replace our own processing services or could force us to change our pricing or practices for these services. 

33 

Table of Contents

•

 Participants in the payments industry may merge, create joint ventures or form other business combinations that may strengthen their existing business
services or create new payment services that compete with our services. 

Our failure to compete effectively
against any of the foregoing competitive threats could materially and adversely affect our revenues, operating results, prospects for future growth and overall business. 

We face increasingly intense competitive pressure on the prices we charge our customers, which may materially and adversely affect our business, revenue and profitability. 

We generate revenue from the fees that we charge our customers for providing transaction processing and other payment-related services
and from assessments on the dollar volume of activity on cards carrying our brands. In order to increase transaction volumes, enter new markets and expand our card base, we seek to enter into business agreements with customers through which we offer
incentives, pricing discounts and other support to customers that issue and promote our cards. In order to stay competitive, we may have to increase the amount of these incentives and pricing discounts. Over the past several years, we have
experienced continued pricing pressure. The demand from our customers for better pricing arrangements and greater rebates and incentives moderates our growth. We may not be able to continue our expansion strategy to process additional transaction
volumes or to provide additional services to our customers at levels sufficient to compensate for such lower fees or increased costs in the future, which could materially and adversely affect our revenue and profitability. In addition, increased
pressure on prices enhances the importance of cost containment and productivity initiatives in areas other than those relating to customer incentives. We may not succeed in these efforts. 

In the future, we may not be able to enter into agreements with our customers on terms that we consider favorable, and we may be required
to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships and to compete with others in the industry. Some of our competitors are larger and have greater financial resources than we do and accordingly may be able to charge lower prices to our
customers. In addition, to the extent that we offer discounts or incentives under such agreements, we will need to further increase transaction volumes or the amount of services provided thereunder in order to benefit incrementally from such
agreements and to increase revenue and profit, and we may not be successful in doing so, particularly in the current regulatory environment. Our customers also may implement cost reduction initiatives that reduce or eliminate payment card marketing
or increase requests for greater incentives or greater cost stability. Furthermore, a number of customers from which we earn substantial revenue are principally aligned with one of our competitors. A significant loss of our existing revenue or
transaction volumes from these customers could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Additional consolidation
or other changes in or affecting the banking industry could result in a loss of business for MasterCard and create pressure on the fees we charge our customers, resulting in lower prices and/or more favorable terms for our customers, which may
materially and adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 

Over the last several years, the banking industry has
undergone substantial, accelerated consolidation, and we expect some consolidation to continue in the future. Recent consolidations have included customers with a substantial MasterCard portfolio being acquired by institutions with a strong
relationship with a competitor. Significant ongoing consolidation in the banking industry may result in the substantial loss of business for MasterCard, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects. In addition, one or
more of our customers could seek to merge with, or acquire, one of our competitors, and any such transaction could also have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects. 

The continued consolidation in the banking industry, whether as a result of an acquisition of a substantial MasterCard portfolio by an
institution with a strong relationship with a competitor or the combination of two institutions with which MasterCard has a strong relationship, would also produce a smaller number of large customers, which could increase the bargaining power of our
customers. This consolidation could lead to lower prices and/or more favorable terms for our customers. Any such lower prices and/or more favorable terms could materially and adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 

34 

Table of Contents

Our revenue could fluctuate and decrease significantly in the longer term if we lose
a significant portion of business from one or more of our largest significant customers, which could have a material adverse long-term impact on our business.

Most of our customer relationships are not exclusive and in certain circumstances may be terminated by our customers. Our customers can
reassess their commitments to us at any time in the future and/or develop their own competitive services. Accordingly, our business agreements with customers may not reduce the risk inherent in our business that customers may terminate their
relationships with us in favor of relationships with our competitors, or for other reasons, or might not meet their contractual obligations to us. 

In addition, a significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among our five largest customers. In 2010, the net revenues from these customers represented an aggregate of approximately $1.5 billion,
or 28%, of total revenue. Loss of business from any of our large customers could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Merchants are increasingly focused on the costs of accepting card-based forms of payment, which may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings and may increase the costs of our
incentive programs, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. 

We rely on merchants and their
relationships with our customers to expand the acceptance of our cards. Consolidation in the retail industry is producing a set of larger merchants with increasingly global scope. We believe that these merchants are having a significant impact on
all participants in the global payments industry, including MasterCard. Some large merchants are supporting many of the legal, regulatory and legislative challenges to interchange fees that MasterCard is now defending, since interchange fees
represent a significant component of the costs that merchants pay to accept payment cards. See “Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks—Interchange fees and related practices have been receiving significant and increasingly intense
legal, regulatory and legislative scrutiny worldwide, and the resulting decisions, regulations and legislation may have a material adverse impact on our revenue, our prospects for future growth and our overall business, financial condition and
results of operations.” Also see “Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks—The Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may have a material adverse impact on our revenue, our prospects for future growth and our overall
business, financial condition and results of operations.” The increasing focus of merchants on the costs of accepting various forms of payment may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings. 

Merchants are also able to negotiate incentives from us and pricing concessions from our customers as a condition to accepting our
payment cards. As merchants consolidate and become even larger, we may have to increase the amount of incentives that we provide to certain merchants, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. Competitive and
regulatory pressures on pricing could make it difficult to offset the costs of these incentives. 

Certain customers have
exclusive, or nearly exclusive, relationships with our competitors to issue payment cards, and these relationships may adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues and may have a material adverse impact on our business.

Certain customers have exclusive, or nearly-exclusive, relationships with our competitors to issue payment cards, and
these relationships may make it difficult or cost-prohibitive for us to do significant amounts of business with them to increase our revenues. In addition, these customers may be more successful and may grow faster than the customers that primarily
issue our cards, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Furthermore, we earn substantial revenue from customers with exclusive or nearly-exclusive relationships with our competitors. Such relationships could provide advantages to the
customers to shift business from MasterCard to the competitors with which they are principally aligned. A significant loss of our existing revenue or transaction volumes from these customers could have a material adverse impact on our business.

35 

Table of Contents

We depend significantly on our relationships with our customers to manage our payment
system. If we are unable to maintain those relationships, or if our customers are unable to maintain their relationships with cardholders or merchants that accept our cards for payment, our business may be materially and adversely affected.

We are, and will continue to be, significantly dependent on our relationships with our issuers and acquirers and
their further relationships with cardholders and merchants to support our programs and services. We do not issue cards, extend credit to cardholders or determine the interest rates (if applicable) or other fees charged to cardholders using cards
that carry our brands. Each issuer determines these and most other competitive card features. In addition, we do not establish the discount rate that merchants are charged for card acceptance, which is the responsibility of our acquiring customers.
As a result, our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and the strength of our relationships with them. In turn, our customers’ success depends on a variety of factors
over which we have little or no influence. If our customers become financially unstable, we may lose revenue or we may be exposed to settlement risk as described below. 

With the exception of the United States and a select number of other jurisdictions, most in-country (as opposed to cross-border) transactions conducted using MasterCard, Maestro and Cirrus cards are
authorized, cleared and settled by our customers or other processors without involving our central processing systems. Because we do not provide domestic processing services in these countries and do not, as described above, have direct
relationships with cardholders or merchants, we depend on our close working relationships with our customers to effectively manage our brands, and the perception of our payment system among regulators, merchants and consumers in these countries.
From time to time, our customers may take actions that we do not believe to be in the best interests of our payment system overall, which may materially and adversely impact our business. If our customers’ actions cause significant negative
perception of the global payments industry or our brands, cardholders may reduce the usage of our programs, which could reduce our revenues and profitability. 

In addition, our competitors may process a greater percentage of domestic transactions in jurisdictions outside the United States than we do. As a result, our inability to control the end-to-end
processing on cards carrying our brands in many markets may put us at a competitive disadvantage by limiting our ability to maintain transaction integrity or introduce value-added programs and services that are dependent upon us processing the
underlying transactions. 

We rely on the continuing expansion of merchant acceptance of our brands and programs. Although our
business strategy is to invest in strengthening our brands and expanding our acceptance network, there can be no guarantee that our efforts in these areas will continue to be successful. If the rate of merchant acceptance growth slows or reverses
itself, our business could suffer. 

Our business may be materially and adversely affected by the marketplace’s
perception of our brands and reputation. 

Our brands and their attributes are key assets of our business. The ability
to attract and retain cardholders to our branded products depends highly upon the external perception of our company and industry. Our business may be affected by actions taken by our customers that impact the perception of our brands. From time to
time, our customers may take actions that we do not believe to be in the best interests of our brands, such as creditor practices that may be viewed as “predatory.” Moreover, adverse developments with respect to our industry or the
industries of our customers may also, by association, impair our reputation, or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny. Social media channels can also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brands. Such perception and damage
to our reputation could have a material and adverse effect to our business. 

36 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to grow our debit business, particularly in the United States, we
may fail to maintain and increase our revenue growth. 

In recent years, industry-wide signature-based and PIN-based
debit transactions have grown more rapidly than credit or charge transactions. However, in the United States, transactions involving our brands account for a smaller share of all signature-based debit transactions than they do credit or charge
transactions. In addition, many of our competitors process a greater number of PIN-based debit transactions at the point of sale than we do, since our Maestro brand has relatively low penetration in the United States. We may not be able to increase
our penetration for debit transactions in the United States since many of our competitors have long-standing and strong positions (although this could be impacted by the Federal Reserve’s implementation of network exclusivity rules under the
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act). We may also be impacted adversely by the tendency among U.S. consumers and merchants to migrate from signature-based debit transactions to PIN-based transactions because we generally earn less revenue
from the latter types of transactions. In addition, PIN-based transactions are more likely to be processed by other ATM/debit point-of-sale networks than by us. Any of these factors may inhibit the growth of our debit business, which could
materially and adversely affect our revenues and overall prospects for future growth. 

Unprecedented global economic
events in financial markets around the world have directly and adversely affected, and may continue to affect, many of our customers, merchants that accept our brands and cardholders who use our brands, which could result in a material and adverse
impact on our prospects, growth, profitability, revenue and overall business. 

The competitive and evolving nature of
the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Unprecedented events which began during 2008 impacted the financial markets around the world, including continued distress in the
credit environment, continued equity market volatility and additional government intervention. In particular, the economies of the United States and the United Kingdom were significantly impacted by this economic turmoil, and it has also impacted
other economies around the world. More recently, European countries including Portugal, Ireland, Greece and Spain have experienced downgrades in sovereign credit ratings by rating agencies, driven by fiscal challenges. Some existing customers have
been placed in receivership or administration or have a significant amount of their stock owned by their governments. Many financial institutions are facing increased regulatory and governmental influence, including potential further changes in laws
and regulations. Many of our customers, merchants that accept our brands and cardholders who use our brands have been directly and adversely impacted. 

MasterCard’s financial results may be negatively impacted by actions taken by individual financial institutions or by governmental or regulatory bodies in response to the economic crisis and the
state of economic environments. The severity of the economic environment may accelerate the timing of or increase the impact of risks to our financial performance that have historically been present. As a result, our revenue growth has been and may
be negatively impacted, or we may be impacted, in several ways. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Business Environment” in Part II, Item 7 for a full discussion.

Any of these developments could have a material adverse impact on our prospects, growth, revenue, profitability and overall
business. 

A decline in cross-border travel could adversely affect our revenues and profitability, as a significant
portion of our revenue is generated from cross-border transactions. 

We process substantially all cross-border
transactions using MasterCard, Maestro and Cirrus-branded cards and generate a significant amount of revenue from cross-border volume fees and transaction processing fees. Revenue from processing cross-border and currency conversion transactions for
our customers fluctuates with 

37 

Table of Contents

cross-border travel and our customers’ need for transactions to be converted into their base currency. Cross-border travel may be adversely affected by world geopolitical, economic, weather
and other conditions. These include the threat of terrorism and outbreaks of flu (such as H1N1), viruses (such as SARS) and other diseases. Any such decline in cross-border travel could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

General economic and global political conditions may adversely affect trends in consumer spending, which may materially and
adversely impact our revenue and profitability. 

The global payments industry depends heavily upon the overall level
of consumer, business and government spending. General economic conditions (such as unemployment, housing and changes in interest rates) and other political conditions (such as devaluation of currencies and government restrictions on consumer
spending) in key countries in which we operate may adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions involving payment cards carrying our brands. Also, as we are principally based in the
United States, a negative perception of the United States could impact the perception of our company, which could adversely affect our business prospects and growth. 

As a guarantor of certain obligations of principal members and affiliate debit licensees, we are exposed to risk of loss or illiquidity if any of our customers default on their MasterCard, Cirrus or
Maestro settlement obligations. 

We may incur liability in connection with transaction settlements if an issuer or
acquirer fails to fund its daily settlement obligations due to technical problems, liquidity shortfalls, insolvency or other reasons. If a principal member or affiliate debit licensee of MasterCard International is unable to fulfill its settlement
obligations to other customers, we may bear the loss even if we do not process the transaction. In addition, although we are not obligated to do so, we may elect to keep merchants whole if an acquirer defaults on its merchant payment obligations.
Our estimated MasterCard-branded gross legal settlement exposure, which is calculated using the average daily card charges made during the quarter multiplied by the estimated number of days to settle, was approximately $28.5 billion as of
December 31, 2010. We have a revolving credit facility in the amount of $2.75 billion which could be used for general corporate purposes, including to provide liquidity in the event of one or more settlement failures by our customers. In the
event that MasterCard International effects a payment on behalf of a failed member, MasterCard International may seek an assignment of the underlying receivables from its members. Subject to approval by our Board of Directors, members may be charged
for the amount of any settlement loss incurred during these ordinary course activities of MasterCard. While we believe that we have sufficient liquidity to cover a settlement failure by any of our largest customers on their peak day, concurrent
settlement failures of more than one of our largest customers or of several of our smaller customers may exceed our available resources and could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. In addition, even if we have
sufficient liquidity to cover a settlement failure, we may not be able to recover the cost of such a payment and may therefore be exposed to significant losses, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and
financial condition. Moreover, during 2010, many of our financial institution customers continued to be directly and adversely impacted by the unprecedented events in the financial markets which began during 2008 and the economic turmoil that has
ensued around the world. These events present increased risk that we may have to perform under our settlement guarantees. For more information on our settlement exposure as of December 31, 2010, see Note 23 (Settlement and Other Risk
Management) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. 

If our transaction processing
systems are disrupted or we are unable to process transactions efficiently or at all, our revenue or profitability would be materially reduced. 

Our transaction processing systems may experience service interruptions as a result of process or other technology malfunction, fire, natural or man-made disasters, power loss, disruptions in long
distance or local telecommunications access, fraud, terrorism, accident or other catastrophic events. A disaster or other problem at 

38 

Table of Contents

our primary and/or back-up facilities or our other owned or leased facilities could interrupt our services. Our visibility in the global payments industry may also attract terrorists, activists
or hackers to attack our facilities or systems, leading to service interruptions, increased costs or data security compromises. Additionally, we rely on third-party service providers for the timely transmission of information across our global data
transportation network. Inadequate infrastructure in lesser developed markets could also result in service disruptions, which could impact our ability to do business in those markets. If one of our service providers fails to provide the
communications capacity or services we require, as a result of natural disaster, operational disruption, terrorism or any other reason, the failure could interrupt our services, adversely affect the perception of our brands’ reliability and
materially reduce our revenue or profitability. 

Account data breaches involving card data stored by us or third parties
could adversely affect our reputation and revenue. 

We, our customers, merchants, and other third parties store
cardholder account and other information in connection with payment cards bearing our brands. In addition, our customers may sponsor third-party processors to process transactions generated by cards carrying our brands and merchants may use third
parties to provide services related to card use. A breach of the systems on which sensitive cardholder data and account information are stored could lead to fraudulent activity involving cards carrying our brands, damage the reputation of our brands
and lead to claims against us. In recent years, there have been several high-profile account data compromise events involving merchants and third party payment processors that process, store or transmit payment card data, which affected millions of
MasterCard, Visa, Discover and American Express cardholders. As a result of such data security breaches, we may be subject to lawsuits involving payment cards carrying our brands. While most of these lawsuits do not involve direct claims against us,
in certain circumstances, we could be exposed to damage claims, which, if upheld, could materially and adversely affect our profitability. Any damage to our reputation or that of our brands resulting from an account data breach could decrease the
use and acceptance of our cards, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our transaction volumes, revenue and prospects for future growth, or increase our costs by leading to additional regulatory burdens being imposed upon us.

An increase in fraudulent activity using our cards could lead to reputational damage to our brands and could reduce the
use and acceptance of our cards. 

Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to capture cardholder account
information to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeit or other fraud. As outsourcing and specialization become a more acceptable way of doing business in the payments industry, there are more third parties involved in processing
transactions using our cards. Increased fraud levels involving our cards could lead to regulatory intervention, such as mandatory card re-issuance, adoption of new technologies or enhanced security requirements, as well as damage to our reputation
and financial damage, which could reduce the use and acceptance of our cards or increase our compliance costs, and thereby have a material adverse impact on our business. 

If we are not able to keep pace with the rapid technological developments in our industry to provide customers, merchants and cardholders with new and innovative payment programs and services, the
use of our cards could decline, which could reduce our revenue and income or limit our future growth. 

The payment
card industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, including continuing developments of technologies in the areas of smart cards, radio frequency and proximity payment devices (such as contactless cards), electronic commerce
and mobile commerce, among others. We cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business. We rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new
technologies. We expect that new services and technologies applicable to the payments industry will continue to emerge, and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our card
programs and services. In addition, our ability to adopt new services and technologies that we develop may be inhibited by a 

39 

Table of Contents

need for industry-wide standards, by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes by the complexity of our systems or by intellectual property rights of third parties. We have received,
and we may in the future receive, notices or inquiries from other companies suggesting that we may be infringing a pre-existing patent or that we need to license use of their patents to avoid infringement. Such notices may, among other things,
threaten litigation against us. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to develop or adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. 

Adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls could decrease revenue we receive from our operations outside of the United States. 

During 2010, approximately 58.4% of our revenue was generated from activities outside the United States. Some of the revenue we generate
outside the United States is subject to unpredictable currency fluctuations (including devaluations of currencies) where the values of other currencies change relative to the U.S. dollar. Resulting exchange gains and losses are included in our net
income. Our risk management activities provide protection with respect to adverse changes in the value of only a limited number of currencies and are based on estimates of exposures to these currencies. Furthermore, we may become subject to exchange
control regulations that might restrict or prohibit the conversion of our other revenue currencies into U.S. dollars. The occurrence of any of these factors could decrease the value of revenues we receive from our international operations and have a
material adverse impact on our business. 

If we do not adequately manage the changes necessary to implement our
strategy, our results of operations may suffer.

MasterCard continues to experience a significant amount of changes
associated with items related to our strategy, including changes in technology, the marketplace, our customers and our products. In particular, our expansion into new businesses could result in unanticipated or unfamiliar issues which may be
difficult to manage. If not adequately managed, these changes could result in missed opportunities for the business or could impact the effectiveness of our organization’s execution of its strategy. As we manage these changes, any difficulty in
retaining or attracting key management and employees could result in inadequate depth of institutional knowledge or skill sets necessary for the organization’s effective execution of its strategy.

Acquisitions or strategic investments could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition or reputation.

Although we may continue to make strategic acquisitions of, or acquire interests in joint ventures or other entities
related to, complementary businesses, products or technologies, we may not be able to successfully partner with or integrate any such acquired businesses, products or technologies. In addition, the integration of any acquisition or investment
(including efforts related to an acquisition of an interest in a joint venture or other entity) may divert management’s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations. Moreover, we may spend time and money on projects that
do not increase our revenue. To the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition in cash, it would reduce our cash reserves available to us for other uses, and to the extent the purchase price is paid with our stock, it could be dilutive to
our stockholders. Furthermore, we may not be able to successfully finance the business following the acquisition as a result of costs of operations, including any litigation risk which may be inherited from the acquisition. Any of these acquisitions
could also result in control issues which could negatively affect our reputation. Although we periodically evaluate potential acquisitions of businesses, products and technologies and anticipate continuing to make these evaluations, we cannot
guarantee that we will be able to execute and integrate any such acquisitions. 

40 

Table of Contents

Risks Related to our Class A Common Stock and Governance Structure 

Future sales of our shares of Class A common stock could depress the market price of our Class A common stock.

The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares in
the market or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us or our stockholders to sell equity securities in the future. As of February 16, 2011,
we had 123,656,120 outstanding shares of Class A common stock, of which 13,108,364 shares were owned by The MasterCard Foundation (the “Foundation”). Under the terms of the donation, the Foundation became able to sell its shares of
our Class A common stock commencing on the fourth anniversary of the consummation of the IPO in May 2006 to the extent necessary to comply with charitable disbursement requirements. Under Canadian tax law, the Foundation is generally required
each year to disburse at least 3.5% of its assets not used in administration of the Foundation in qualified charitable disbursements. However, the Foundation has obtained permission from the Canadian tax authorities to defer its annual disbursement
requirement for up to ten years and meet its total deferred disbursement obligations at the end of the ten-year period. Despite this permission to defer annual disbursements, the Foundation may decide to meet its disbursement obligations on an
annual basis or to settle previously accumulated obligations during any given year. In addition, the Foundation will be permitted to sell all of the remaining shares held by it starting twenty years and eleven months after the consummation of the
IPO. 

The market price of our common stock could be volatile. 

Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations and have experienced increased volatility in connection
with recent unpredictable economic events around the world. This market volatility, as well as the factors listed below, among others, could affect the market price of our common stock: 

•

 the continuation of unprecedented economic events around the world in financial markets as well as political conditions and other factors unrelated to
our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors; 

•

 quarterly variations in our results of operations or the results of operations of our competitors; 

•

 changes in earning estimates, investors’ perceptions, recommendations by securities analysts or our failure to achieve analysts’ earning
estimates; 

•

 the announcement of new products or service enhancements by us or our competitors; 

•

 announcements related to litigation, regulation or legislative activity; 

•

 potential acquisitions by us of other companies; and 

•

 developments in our industry. 

There are terms in our charter documents and under Delaware law that could be considered anti-takeover provisions or could have an impact on a change in control. 

Provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law could delay or prevent entirely
a merger or acquisition that our stockholders consider favorable. These provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or have the effect of delaying or preventing entirely a change in control, which could harm our stock price. For example,
subject to limited exceptions, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits any person from beneficially owning more than 15% of any of the Class A common stock or any other class or series of our stock with general voting
power, or more than 15% of our total voting power. Further, except in limited circumstances, no member or former member of MasterCard International, or any operator, member or licensee of any competing general purpose payment card system, or any
affiliate of any such person, may beneficially own any share of Class A common stock or any other class or series of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. In addition, 

•

 our stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors; 

41 

Table of Contents

•

 holders of our Class A common stock are not entitled to act by written consent; 

•

 our stockholders must provide timely notice for any stockholder proposals and director nominations; 

•

 a vote of 80% or more of all of the outstanding shares of our stock then entitled to vote is required for stockholders to amend any provision of our
bylaws; 

•

 our board of directors is divided into three classes, with approximately one-third of our directors elected each year (although pursuant to our amended
certificate of incorporation, classes will be phased out through 2013, when each director will be elected each year); 

•

 any representative of a competitor of MasterCard or of the Foundation is disqualified from service on our board of directors;

•

 prior to our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders, our directors may be removed only upon the affirmative vote of at least 80% in voting power of all
the shares of stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

A substantial portion of our voting power is held by the Foundation, which is restricted from selling shares for an extended period
of time and therefore may not have the same incentive to approve a corporate action that may be favorable to the other public stockholders. In addition, the ownership of Class A common stock by the Foundation and the restrictions on transfer
could discourage or make more difficult acquisition proposals favored by the other holders of the Class A common stock. 

As of February 16, 2011 the Foundation owns 13,108,364 shares of Class A common stock, representing approximately 10.6% of our general voting power. The Foundation may not sell or otherwise
transfer its shares of Class A common stock prior to the date which is twenty years and eleven months following the IPO, except to the extent necessary to satisfy its charitable disbursement requirements. The directors of the Foundation are
required to be independent of us and our members. The ownership of Class A common stock by the Foundation, together with the restrictions on transfer, could discourage or make more difficult acquisition proposals favored by the other holders of
the Class A common stock. In addition, because the Foundation is restricted from selling its shares for an extended period of time, it may not have the same interest in short or medium-term movements in our stock price as, or incentive to
approve a corporate action that may be favorable to, our other stockholders. 

Our ability to pay regular dividends to
our holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will be limited by our ability to generate sufficient earnings and cash flows. 

MasterCard intends to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis on our shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Our
board of directors may, in its discretion, decrease the level of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. The payment of dividends is dependent upon our ability to generate earnings and cash flows so that we may pay our
obligations and expenses and pay dividends to our stockholders. However, sufficient cash may not be available to pay such dividends. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account
various factors, including our financial condition, settlement guarantees, operating results, available cash and current and anticipated cash needs. If, as a consequence of these various factors, we are unable to generate sufficient earnings and
cash flows from our business, we may not be able to make or may have to reduce or eliminate the payment of dividends on our shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock.