Legal and Regulatory Risks 

Interchange fees are subject to increasingly intense legal and regulatory scrutiny worldwide, which may have a material adverse
impact on our revenue, our prospects for future growth and our overall business, and thus on our revenue. 

Interchange fees, which represent a sharing of payment system costs among the financial institutions participating in a four-party payment card system such as ours, are generally the largest component of the costs that acquirers charge
merchants in connection with the acceptance of payment cards. Typically, interchange fees are paid by the merchant bank (the acquirer) to the cardholder bank (the issuer) in connection with transactions initiated with our payment system’s
cards. Interchange fees, including our default interchange fees, are subject to increasingly intense litigation and regulatory scrutiny worldwide as card-based forms of payment have become relatively more important to local economies. Merchants in
the U.S. and New Zealand, and regulators in a number of countries are seeking to reduce these fees through litigation or regulatory action. For example: 

•

 In the European Union, the European Commission announced a decision in December 2007 with respect to our cross-border interchange fees for credit and debit cards
under European Union competition rules. The decision required MasterCard to cease applying its default cross-border interchange fees for MasterCard and Maestro branded consumer payment card transactions in the European Economic Area (the
“EEA”), to refrain from repeating the infringement, and not to apply its then recently adopted 

25 

Table of Contents

(but never implemented) Maestro SEPA and Intra-Eurozone default interchange fees to debit card payment transactions within the Eurozone. The decision also
required MasterCard to issue certain specific notices to financial institutions and other entities that participate in its MasterCard and Maestro payment systems in the EEA and make certain specific public announcements, regarding the steps it has
taken to comply. The decision does not impose a fine on MasterCard, but provides for a daily penalty of up to 3.5% of MasterCard’s daily consolidated global turnover in the preceding business year (which MasterCard presently estimates to be
approximately $500,000 U.S. per day) in the event that MasterCard fails to comply. In March 2008, MasterCard filed an application for annulment of the European Commission’s decision with the EU Court of First Instance. On June 12, 2008
MasterCard announced that, effective June 21, 2008, MasterCard would temporarily repeal its then current default intra-EEA cross-border consumer card interchange fees in conformity with the decision. Discussions are continuing between
MasterCard and the European Commission concerning what interchange fee setting methodology MasterCard might employ and what level of interchange fees it might establish in compliance with the decision. 

Although MasterCard believes that any business practices it would implement in response to the decision would be in compliance with the decision, the
European Commission may deem any such practice not in compliance with the decision, or in violation of European competition law, in which case MasterCard may be assessed fines for the period that it is not in compliance. Furthermore, because a
balancing mechanism like default cross-border interchange fees constitutes an essential element of MasterCard Europe’s operations, the decision could also significantly impact MasterCard International’s European customers’ and
MasterCard Europe’s business. The European Commission decision could also lead to competition authorities in one or more EU Member States commencing investigations or proceedings regarding domestic interchange fees. In addition, the European
Commission’s decision could lead to the filing of private actions against MasterCard Europe by merchants and/or consumers which, if MasterCard is unsuccessful in its appeal of the decision, could result in MasterCard owing substantial damages.
In October 2008, MasterCard received an information request from the European Commission in connection with the decision concerning certain pricing changes that MasterCard has implemented as of October 2008. MasterCard submitted its response in
November 2008. MasterCard understands that the European Commission is contemplating commencing a formal proceeding concerning the pricing changes on the basis that they contravene the decision. See Note 20 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the
consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more details regarding the European Commission’s decision. 

•

 In the United Kingdom, the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) issued a decision in September 2005 concluding that MasterCard’s U.K. credit card interchange fees
contravene U.K. and European Union competition laws. This decision was set aside by the U.K. Competition Appeals Tribunal in June 2006. However, shortly thereafter, the OFT commenced a new investigation of our current U.K. credit card interchange
fees and announced on February 9, 2007 that the investigation also covers so-called “immediate debit” cards. If the OFT determines that any of our U.K. interchange fees contravene U.K. and European Union competition law, it may issue
a new decision and possibly levy fines accruing from the date of its first decision. This new investigation will examine whether the new methodology for setting U.K. interchange fees adopted by MasterCard in November 2004—in connection with
which MasterCard withdrew the authority of the U.K. members to set domestic interchange fees and conferred such authority exclusively on our President and Chief Executive Officer or his designee—contravenes applicable law. MasterCard
understands that the OFT is considering whether to commence a formal proceeding through the issuance of a Statement of Objections. A negative decision could have a significant adverse impact on the revenues of MasterCard’s U.K. members and on
our competitive position and overall business in the United Kingdom. 

•

 In April 2001, in response to merchant complaints, the Polish Office for Protection of Competition and Consumers (the “PCA”) initiated an investigation of
our (and Visa’s) domestic credit and debit card interchange fees. In January 2007, the PCA issued a decision that our (and Visa’s) interchange fees are unlawful under Polish competition law, and imposed fines on our (and Visa’s)
licensed financial 

26 

Table of Contents

institutions. The PCA also decided that MasterCard (and Visa) had not violated the law. MasterCard and the financial institutions appealed the decision. In
November 2008, the appeals court reversed the decision of the PCA and also rejected MasterCard’s appeal on the basis that MasterCard did not have a legal interest in the PCA’s decision because its conduct was not found to be in breach of
the relevant competition laws. MasterCard has appealed this part of the appeals court’s decision because it has significant interest in the outcome of the case. The PCA has appealed other parts of the decision. If on appeal, the PCA’s
decision is ultimately allowed to stand, it could have a significant adverse impact on the revenues of MasterCard’s Polish members and on our overall business in Poland. 

•

 In early 2004, the New Zealand Competition Commission (the “NZCC”) commenced an investigation of our domestic interchange fees. In November 2006, the NZCC
filed a lawsuit alleging that our (and Visa’s) domestic interchange fees do not comply with New Zealand competition law, and seeking penalties. Several large merchants subsequently filed similar lawsuits seeking damages and injunctive relief. A
negative decision in these lawsuits could subject MasterCard to fines and/or damages and could have a significant adverse impact on the revenues of our New Zealand members and on our overall business in New Zealand. 

•

 In Australia, the Reserve Bank of Australia (“RBA”) enacted in 2002 regulations controlling the costs that can be considered in setting interchange fees
for four-party payment card systems such as ours, that do not regulate the merchant discount charged by proprietary end-to-end networks (such as those offered by American Express or Diners Club), which have already benefited from these regulations.
In 2007, the RBA commenced a review of such regulations and, on September 26, 2008, the RBA released its final conclusions. These indicate that the RBA is willing to withdraw its regulations if MasterCard and Visa make certain undertakings
regarding the future levels of their respective credit card interchange fees and other practices, including their “honor all cards” rules. If the undertakings are not made, the RBA is considering imposing in 2009 additional regulations
that could further reduce the domestic interchange fees of MasterCard and Visa credit card systems in Australia. The effect of the undertakings or any such additional regulations could put MasterCard at an even greater competitive disadvantage
relative to competitors in Australia that purportedly do not operate four-party systems, which could have a significant adverse impact on MasterCard’s business in Australia. 

•

 On December 12, 2008, a Banking Enquiry, a special body created by the South Africa Competition Commission (“SACC”) to examine the payments industry
in South Africa, including interchange fees, published a report of its findings. The Enquiry recommended, among other things, that an independent forum under regulatory control be established to set payment card interchange fees in South Africa and
that payment systems’ (including MasterCard’s) respective “honor all cards” rules be modified to give merchants greater freedom to choose which types of cards to accept. The Enquiry’s report is non-binding but is under
active consideration by South African regulators. If adopted, the Enquiry’s recommendations could have a significant adverse impact on MasterCard’s business in South Africa. 

In October 2008, the South African National Assembly (the “NA”) adopted amendments to that country’s competition laws concerning so-called
“complex monopolies” and criminalizing violations of those laws (the “Bill”). On January 29, 2009, the President of South Africa referred the Bill back to the National Assembly for further consideration and, recently,
indicated that he may submit the Bill to that country’s Constitutional Court for examination if the NA fails to act on his request. If the Bill is ultimately determined to be constitutional and becomes law, it could have a significant adverse
impact on MasterCard’s business in South Africa. 

•

 In January 2006, a German retailers association filed a complaint with the Federal Cartel Office in Germany concerning our (and Visa’s) domestic interchange
fees. The complaint alleges that our (and Visa’s) German domestic interchange fees are not transparent to merchants and include so-called “extraneous costs.” MasterCard understands that the Federal Cartel Office is continuing to
review the complaint. 

•

 On January 31, 2008, the Hungarian Competition Authority commenced a formal investigation of MasterCard Europe’s domestic interchange fees in Hungary.

27 

Table of Contents

Interchange fees and/or related practices (such as the “honor all cards” rule) are also being
reviewed in a number of other jurisdictions, including Brazil, Colombia, Czech Republic, Mexico, Venezuela, Estonia, Israel, Italy, Norway, Portugal, Switzerland and Turkey. We believe that regulators are increasingly adopting a coordinated approach
to interchange matters and, as a result, developments in any one jurisdiction may influence regulators’ approach to interchange fees in other jurisdictions. In the United States, interchange fees have also been the topic of increased
congressional and regulatory interest. In 2008, legislation concerning interchange, entitled the “Credit Card Fair Fee Act of 2008”, was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives. The House Judiciary Committee favorably reported this
legislation, although on a divided vote, to the full House of Representatives for further consideration. The House did not consider the legislation prior to adjourning. The version of the legislation ultimately reported by the House Judiciary
Committee seeks to regulate interchange by allowing merchants to collectively seek to lower their interchange costs by exempting such action from the U.S. antitrust laws. The Credit Card Fair Fee Act also requires the U.S. Department of Justice to
observe collective merchant negotiations with the Company and its customer financial institutions (and separately with Visa and its customer financial institutions) and report results of those negotiations back to the U.S. Congress. Similar
legislation to the Credit Card Fair Fee Act was introduced in the U.S. Senate, but there were no hearings on, or further movement of, the legislation. Additional interchange legislation was also introduced in the House in 2008, but there were no
further developments with respect to such legislation. We expect that the Credit Card Fair Fee Act, and other legislation pertaining to interchange, will be reintroduced in Congress in 2009. It is not clear whether Congress will act on such
legislation, and what form any such legislation may ultimately take. 

In addition, merchants are seeking to reduce interchange fees through
litigation. In the United States, merchants have filed approximately 50 class-action or individual suits alleging that our interchange fees violate federal antitrust laws. These suits allege, among other things, that our purported setting of
interchange fees constitutes horizontal price-fixing between and among MasterCard, Visa and their member banks in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, which prohibits contracts, combinations or conspiracies that unreasonably restrain
trade. The suits seek treble damages in an unspecified amount, attorneys’ fees and injunctive relief. See Note 20 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more details
regarding the allegations contained in these complaints and the status of these proceedings. We are devoting substantial management and financial resources to the defense of interchange fees and to the other legal and regulatory challenges we face.

If issuers cannot collect, or we are forced to reduce, interchange fees, they may be unable to recoup a portion of the costs incurred for
their services. This could reduce the number of financial institutions willing to participate in our four-party payment card system, lower overall transaction volumes, and/or make proprietary end-to-end networks or other forms of payment more
attractive. Issuers could also charge higher fees to consumers, thereby making our card programs less desirable and reducing our transaction volumes and profitability, or attempt to decrease the expense of their card programs by seeking a reduction
in the fees that we charge. If we are less successful than Visa in defending interchange fees, we could also be competitively disadvantaged against Visa. If we are ultimately unsuccessful in our defense of interchange fees, such regulation may have
a material adverse impact on our revenue, our prospects for future growth and our overall business. In addition, this could result in MasterCard being fined and/or having to pay civil damages. 

If the settlements of our currency conversion cases are not ultimately approved and we are unsuccessful in any of our various lawsuits relating to
our currency conversion practices, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

We generate significant revenue from
processing cross-border currency transactions for members. However, we are defendants in several state and federal lawsuits alleging that our currency conversion practices are deceptive, anti-competitive or otherwise unlawful. In particular, a trial
judge in California found that our currency conversion practice is deceptive under California state law, and ordered us to mandate that members disclose the currency conversion process to cardholders in cardholder agreements, applications,
solicitations and monthly billing statements. The judge also ordered unspecified restitution to California cardholders. The decision 

28 

Table of Contents

was reversed on appeal on grounds that plaintiff lacked standing to pursue his claims. In addition, we have been served with similar complaints in several
state courts seeking to, in effect, extend the judge’s decision to MasterCard cardholders outside of California. We have succeeded in having several of these cases dismissed or transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of
New York and combined with putative federal class actions. The class actions allege that our currency conversion practices violate federal antitrust laws. On July 20, 2006, MasterCard and the other defendants in the federal class actions
entered into agreements settling those cases and related matters, as well as the California state case. Pursuant to the settlement agreements, MasterCard has paid $72 million to be used for defendants’ settlement fund to settle the federal
actions and $13 million to settle the California case. The settlement agreements are subject to final approval by the court and resolution of all appeals. If final approval of the settlement agreements is not granted and we are unsuccessful in
defending against these lawsuits or the state currency conversion cases, we may have to pay restitution to cardholders who make claims that they used their cards in another country, or may be required to modify our currency conversion practices. See
Note 20 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

If we
determine in the future that we are required to establish reserves or we incur liabilities for any litigation that has been or may be brought against us, our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition could be materially and adversely
affected. 

Except with respect to currency conversion litigations and the California consumer state action discussed in Note 20
(Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report, we have not established reserves for any of the material legal proceedings in which we are currently involved and we are unable to
estimate at this time the amount of charges, if any, that may be required to provide reserves for these matters in the future. We may determine in the future that a charge for all or a portion of any of our legal proceedings is required, including
charges related to legal fees. In addition, we may be required to record an additional charge if we incur liabilities in excess of reserves that we have previously recorded. Such charges, particularly in the event we may be found liable in a large
class-action lawsuit or on the basis of an antitrust claim entitling the plaintiff to treble damages or under which we were jointly and severally liable, could be significant and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash
flow and financial condition, or, in certain circumstances, even cause us to become insolvent. See Note 20 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

Limitations on our business and other penalties resulting from litigation or litigation settlements may materially and adversely affect our revenue
and profitability. 

As a result of the settlement agreement in connection with the U.S. merchant lawsuit, merchants have the right
to reject our debit cards in the United States while still accepting other MasterCard-branded cards, and vice versa. See Note 20 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report.
These limitations and any future limitations on our business resulting from litigation or litigation settlements could reduce the volume of business that we do with our customers, which may materially and adversely affect our revenue and
profitability. 

The payments industry is generally the subject of increasing global regulatory focus, which may impose costly new
compliance burdens on us and our customers and lead to decreased transaction volumes through our systems. 

We are subject to
regulations that affect the payment industry in the many countries in which our cards are used. In particular, our customers are subject to numerous regulations applicable to banks and other financial institutions in the United States and abroad,
and, consequently, MasterCard is at times affected by such regulations. Regulation of the payments industry, including regulations applicable to us and our customers, has increased significantly in the last several years. For example, in 2002
MasterCard became subject to the regulatory requirements of Section 352(a) of the USA PATRIOT Act, which has required our customers and us 

29 

Table of Contents

to create and implement comprehensive anti-money laundering programs. In India, the government appears poised to enact an anti-money laundering law that may
impose requirements on payment systems, such as MasterCards’, and their customers. Moreover, the Indian Payments and Settlement Systems Act 2007 requires that payment system operators, such as MasterCard, obtain authorization by February 2009
from the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) to operate a payments system and grants broad oversight authority to the RBI. Increased regulatory focus in this area could result in additional obligations or restrictions with respect to the types
of products that we may offer to consumers, the countries in which our cards may be used and the types of cardholders and merchants who can obtain or accept our cards. 

We are also subject to regulations imposed by OFAC. OFAC regulations impose restrictions on financial transactions with Cuba, Burma/Myanmar, Iran and Sudan and with persons and entities included on the SDN List. Also
Cuba, Iran, Sudan and Syria have been identified by the U.S. State Department as terrorist-sponsoring states. While MasterCard has no business operations, subsidiaries or affiliated entities in these countries, a limited number of financial
institutions are licensed by MasterCard to issue cards or acquire merchant transactions in certain of these countries. MasterCard takes measures to avoid transactions with persons and entities on the SDN List. However, it is possible that
transactions involving persons or entities on the SDN List may be processed through our payment system. It is possible that our reputation may suffer due to some of our financial institutions’ association with these countries or the existence
of any such transactions, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the value of our stock. Further, certain U.S. states have recently enacted legislation regarding investments by pension funds and other retirement systems in companies
that have business activities or contacts with countries that have been identified as terrorist-sponsoring states and similar legislation may be pending in other states. As a result, pension funds and other retirement systems may be subject to
reporting requirements with respect to investments in companies such as ours or may be subject to limits or prohibitions with respect to those investments that may materially and adversely affect our stock price. 

In addition, the Federal Trade Commission and the federal banking agencies have issued a number of regulations implementing the Fair and Accurate Credit
Transactions Act, and at least one other regulation under this law is expected to be issued in 2009. Once fully implemented, these regulations could have a material impact on our customers’ businesses by increasing costs of issuance and/or
decreasing the ability of card issuers to set the price of credit. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”), with two other federal banking agencies, have also recently issued a regulation pertaining to
unfair or deceptive acts or practices pertaining to credit card practices (the “UDAP Rule”). The UDAP Rule will make it more difficult for credit card issuers to price credit cards for future credit risk and it will significantly affect
the pricing models of most credit card issuers. The UDAP Rule could reduce credit availability, or increase the cost of credit to cardholders, possibly affecting MasterCard transaction volume and revenues. The Federal Reserve has also issued a
comprehensive revision to Regulation Z, which implements the Truth in Lending Act. This regulation will have a significant impact on the disclosures made by our customers and could affect their account terms and business practices. 

In addition to the UDAP Rule and the revision to Regulation Z, regulators and the U.S. Congress have also increased their scrutiny of our customers’
pricing of credit and their underwriting standards. Any legislative or regulatory restrictions on our customers’ ability to operate their credit card programs or price credit freely could result in reduced amounts of credit available to
consumers, which could materially and adversely affect our transaction volume and revenues. There is also increasing scrutiny of a number of other credit card practices, from which many of our customers derive significant revenue, by Congress and
governmental agencies. For example, in addition to scrutiny of interchange fees, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations and other Senate and House Committees and Subcommittees are likely to continue their consideration of a variety of
our customers’ practices, including the methods used to calculate finance charges and allocate payments received from cardholders, and the methods by which default interest rates, late fees and over-the-credit-limit or overdraft fees are
determined, imposed, and disclosed. The U.S. Congress may also continue to examine possible changes to the Bankruptcy Code. These investigative efforts and other congressional activity could lead to legislation and/or regulation that could have a
material impact on our customers’ businesses and our business if implemented. 

30 

Table of Contents

Any such legislative or regulatory restrictions on our customers’ ability to operate their credit card programs or to price credit freely could result
in reduced revenue and increased costs for our customers, reduced amounts of credit available to consumers and, therefore, a potential reduction of our transaction volume and revenues. 

In October 2006, the U.S. Congress enacted legislation requiring the coding and blocking of payments for certain types of Internet gambling transactions.
The legislation applies to payment system participants, including MasterCard and our U.S. customers, and is being implemented through a federal rulemaking process that was completed in December 2008. These federal rules will require us and our
customers to implement compliance programs that could increase our costs and/or decrease our transaction volumes. In addition, the U.S. Congress continues its consideration of regulatory initiatives in the areas of Internet prescription drug
purchases, copyright and trademark infringement, and privacy, among others, that could impose additional compliance burdens on us and/or our customers. Some U.S. states are considering a variety of similar legislation. If implemented, these
initiatives could require us or our customers to monitor, filter, restrict, or otherwise oversee various categories of payment card transactions, thereby increasing our costs or decreasing our transaction volumes. Various regulatory agencies also
continue to examine a wide variety of issues, including identity theft, account management guidelines, privacy, disclosure rules, security, and marketing that would impact our customers directly. These new requirements and developments may affect
both us and our customers’ ability to extend credit through the use of payment cards, which could decrease our transaction volumes. In some circumstances, new regulations could have the effect of limiting our customers’ ability to offer
new types of payment programs or restricting their ability to offer our existing programs such as stored value cards, which could materially and adversely reduce our revenues and revenue growth. 

Increased regulatory focus on us, such as in connection with the matters discussed above, may increase our costs, which could materially and adversely
impact our financial performance. Similarly, increased regulatory focus on our customers may cause them to reduce the volume of transactions processed through our systems, which would reduce our revenues materially and adversely impact our financial
performance. Finally, failure to comply with the laws and regulations discussed above to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and overall
business, as well as have an impact on our reputation. 

Our ability to compete effectively against providers of domestic payments
services in certain countries could be curtailed by government actions, which could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues. 

Governments in certain countries have acted, or could act, to provide resources or protection to selected national payment card providers or national payment processing providers to support domestic competitors or to
displace us from, prevent us from entering into, or substantially restrict us from participating in, particular geographies. Our efforts to effect change in countries where our access to the domestic payments segment is limited may not be
successful, which could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues and extend our global brand. 

Existing and
proposed regulation in the areas of consumer privacy, data use and/or security could decrease the number of payment cards issued and could increase our costs. 

We and our customers are also subject to regulations related to privacy and data use and security in the jurisdictions in which we do business, and we and our customers could be negatively impacted by these
regulations. For example, in the United States, we and our customers are respectively subject to Federal Trade Commission and banking agency information safeguard requirements under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. The Federal Trade Commission’s
information safeguards rules require us to develop, implement and maintain a written, comprehensive information security program containing safeguards that are appropriate to our size and complexity, the nature and scope of our activities and the
sensitivity of any customer information at issue. In the United States, over the past several years a number of bills have been considered by Congress and there have 

31 

Table of Contents

been several congressional hearings to address information safeguarding and data breach issues. While no legislation was passed in 2008, Congress is likely
to continue to consider these issues which could result in legislation that would have an adverse impact on us and our customers. In addition, a number of states have enacted security breach legislation, requiring varying levels of consumer
notification in the event of a security breach, and several other states are considering similar legislation. 

In the European Union, the
European Parliament and Council have passed the European Directive 95/46/EC on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, which obligates the controller of an individual’s
personal data to take the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect personal data. This Directive has been implemented through local laws regulating data protection in European Union member states to which we and our customers are
subject. 

Regulation of privacy and data use and security in these and other jurisdictions may increase the costs of our customers to issue
payment cards, which may decrease the number of our cards that they issue. Any additional regulations in these areas may also increase our costs to comply with such regulations, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. Finally,
failure to comply with the privacy and data use and security laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and overall
business, as well as have an impact on our reputation. 

Business Risks 

Unprecedented global economic events in financial markets around the world have directly and adversely affected many of our customers, merchants that accept our brands and cardholders who use our brands, which
could result in a material and adverse impact on our prospects, growth, profitability, revenue and overall business. 

During 2008,
unprecedented events occurred in the financial markets around the world resulting in distress in the credit environment, equity market volatility and government intervention. In particular, the economies of the United States and the United Kingdom
were significantly impacted by this economic turmoil, however it also impacted other economies around the world. Some existing customers have gone bankrupt or have been placed in receivership or administration or have a significant amount of their
stock owned by the government. Many of our financial institution customers, merchants that accept our brands and cardholders who use our brands have been directly and adversely impacted. As a result, our operating results have begun to be impacted,
or could be negatively impacted, in several ways, including but not limited to the following: 

•

 Our customers may restrict credit lines to cardholders or limit the issuance of new cards to mitigate increasing cardholder defaults. 

•

 Constriction of consumer and business confidence may cause decreased spending. 

•

 Declining economies can change consumer spending behaviors; for example, a significant portion of our revenues is dependent on international travel patterns, which
may decline. 

•

 Uncertainty and volatility in our customers’ businesses makes our estimates of revenues, rebates and incentives more difficult. As such, certain prepayments
under customer business agreements may not be realizable. 

•

 Our customers may implement cost reduction initiatives that reduce or eliminate payment card marketing or increase requests for greater incentives.

•

 Customers may decrease spending for optional or enhanced services. 

•

 Government intervention and/or investments in our financial institution customers may lead to the nationalization of those banking institutions or otherwise alter
their strategic direction away from our products. 

•

 Tightening of credit availability could impact the ability of participating financial institutions to lend to us under the terms of our credit facility.

32 

Table of Contents

•

 Our customers may default on their settlement obligations. See Note 21 (Settlement and Travelers Cheque Risk Management) to the consolidated financial statements
included in Item 8 of this Report for further discussion of our settlement exposure. 

•

 Our business and prospects, as well as our revenue and profitability, could be materially and adversely affected by consolidation of our financial institution
customers. See “Consolidation or other changes affecting the banking industry could result in a loss of business for MasterCard and may result in lower prices and/or more favorable terms for our customers, which may materially and adversely
impact our revenue and profitability” in this Item 1A of this Report. 

Any of these developments could have a
material adverse impact on prospects, growth, revenue, profitability and overall business. 

We face increasingly intense competitive
pressure on the prices we charge our customers, which may materially and adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 

We
generate revenue from the fees that we charge our customers for providing transaction processing and other payment-related services and from assessments on the dollar volume of activity on cards carrying our brands. In order to increase transaction
volumes, enter new markets and expand our card base, we seek to enter into business agreements with customers through which we offer incentives, pricing discounts and other support to customers that issue and promote our cards. In order to stay
competitive, we may have to increase the amount of these incentives and pricing discounts. Over the past several years, we have experienced continued pricing pressure. The demand from our customers for better pricing arrangements and greater rebates
and incentives moderates our growth. We may not be able to continue our expansion strategy to process additional transaction volumes or to provide additional services to our customers at levels sufficient to compensate for such lower fees or
increased costs in the future, which could materially and adversely affect our revenue and profitability. In addition, increased pressure on prices enhances the importance of cost containment and productivity initiatives in areas other than those
relating to customer incentives. We may not succeed in these efforts. 

Our strategy is to grow our business by, among other things,
focusing on our customers and entering into customized business agreements with customers around the globe. In the future, we may not be able to enter into such agreements on terms that we consider favorable, and we may be required to modify
existing agreements in order to maintain relationships and to compete with others in the industry. Some of our competitors are larger and have greater financial resources than we do and accordingly, may be able to charge lower prices to our
customers. In addition, to the extent that we offer discounts or incentives under such agreements, we will need to further increase transaction volumes or the amount of services provided thereunder in order to benefit incrementally from such
agreements and to increase revenue and profit, and we may not be successful in doing so. Furthermore, a number of customers from which we earn substantial revenue are principally aligned with one of our competitors. A significant loss of revenue or
transaction volumes from these customers could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Consolidation or other changes
affecting the banking industry could result in a loss of business for MasterCard and may result in lower prices and/or more favorable terms for our customers, which may materially and adversely affect our revenue and profitability.

Over the last several years, the banking industry has undergone rapid consolidation, and, based on current economic conditions, we
have seen this trend accelerate in 2008. We expect this trend to continue in the future. Consolidation represents a competitive threat to us because our strategy contemplates entering into business agreements with our largest customers in exchange
for significant business commitments. Recent consolidations have included customers with a substantial MasterCard portfolio being acquired by institutions with a strong relationship with a competitor. Significant ongoing consolidation in the banking
industry may result in the substantial loss of business for MasterCard, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects. In addition, one or more of our customers could seek to merge with, or acquire, one of our competitors,
and any such transaction could also have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects. 

33 

Table of Contents

The continued consolidation in the banking industry, whether as a result of an acquisition of a
substantial MasterCard portfolio by an institution with a strong relationship with a competitor or the combination of two institutions with which MasterCard has a strong relationship, would also produce a smaller number of large customers, which
could increase the bargaining power of our customers. This consolidation could lead to lower prices and/or more favorable terms for our customers. Any such lower prices and/or more favorable terms could materially and adversely affect our revenue
and profitability. 

Our revenue could fluctuate and decrease significantly in the longer term if we lose one or more of our most
significant customers, which could have a material adverse long-term impact on our business. 

Most of our customer relationships
are not exclusive and in certain circumstances may be terminated by our customers. Our customers can reassess their commitments to us at any time in the future and/or develop their own competitive services. Accordingly, our business agreements with
customers may not reduce the risk inherent in our business that customers may terminate their relationships with us in favor of relationships with our competitors, or for other reasons, or might not meet their contractual obligations to us.

In addition, a significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among our five largest customers. In 2008, the net revenues from these
customers represented an aggregate of approximately $1.5 billion, or 30%, of total revenue. No single customer generates 10% of total revenue. Loss of business from any of our large customers could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Merchants are increasingly focused on the costs of accepting card-based forms of payment, which may lead to additional litigation
and regulatory proceedings and may increase the costs of our incentive programs, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. 

We rely on merchants and their relationships with our customers to expand the acceptance of our cards. Consolidation in the retail industry is producing a set of larger merchants with increasingly global scope. We
believe that these merchants are having a significant impact on all participants in the global payments industry, including MasterCard. For instance, as a result of the settlement agreement in connection with the U.S. merchant lawsuit, merchants
have the right to reject our debit cards in the United States while still accepting other MasterCard-branded cards, and vice versa. See Note 18 (Obligations Under Litigation Settlements) and Note 20 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the
consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. In addition, some large merchants are supporting many of the legal and regulatory challenges to interchange fees that MasterCard is now defending, since interchange fees represent
a significant component of the costs that merchants pay to accept payment cards. See “Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks—Interchange fees are subject to increasingly intense legal and regulatory scrutiny worldwide, which may have
a material adverse impact on our prospects for future growth and our overall business, and thus our revenue.” The increasing focus of merchants on the costs of accepting various forms of payment may lead to additional litigation and regulatory
proceedings. Merchants are also able to negotiate pricing discounts and other incentives from us and our customers as a condition to accepting our payment cards. As merchants consolidate and become even larger, we may have to increase the amount of
incentives that we provide to certain merchants, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Our
operating results may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry. 

The global payments industry is highly competitive. Our payment programs compete against all forms of payment, including paper-based transactions (principally cash and checks), card-based systems, including credit, charge, prepaid,
private-label and other types of general purpose and limited use cards, and electronic transactions such as wire transfers and Automated Clearing House payments. See “Business—Competition” in Item 1 of this Report. Some of our
traditional competitors, as well as alternative payment service providers, have developed, or may develop, substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, may offer a wider 

34 

Table of Contents

range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective advertising and marketing strategies to achieve broader brand recognition or merchant
acceptance than we have. 

Among other companies in our industry, Visa and Discover have changed their ownership structures, which could
result in them becoming stronger and more efficient companies within the global payments industry. In October 2007, Visa completed its plan to restructure its organization through the creation of a new stock corporation, Visa Inc., owned by its
current member financial institutions. As part of the reorganization, Visa Europe did not become a subsidiary of Visa Inc., but rather remained owned by various European member financial institutions. Visa Inc. completed its initial public offering
in March 2008. In July 2007, Discover began trading on the New York Stock Exchange as a publicly-traded company following its spin-off from Morgan Stanley. As publicly-owned companies, Visa and Discover, among other changes, may have enhanced access
to the capital markets and may improve operating results, which could be used to enhance their competitive position. If we are unable to compete effectively with these companies, then use of our programs and products could decline, which would have
an adverse impact on our revenues. 

In the U.S., in 2008, American Express and Discover received approval to become bank holding companies.
While bank holding companies are subject to numerous regulatory requirements, they also are eligible to request an investment from the U.S. government under the TARP and may be eligible for similar government programs in the future. American Express
announced in December 2008 that it had requested and was approved to receive a $3.39 billion investment from the U.S. government under the TARP, and Discover announced in January 2009 that it had requested and was preliminarily approved to receive a
$1.2 billion investment under the TARP. MasterCard is not a bank holding company and is not eligible to receive such an investment. A TARP or similar investment could strengthen such competitors of MasterCard. 

Based on a final judgment in 2004 of our litigation with the U.S. Department of Justice concerning our former CPP, our customers are now permitted to
issue general purpose credit or debit cards in the United States on any other general purpose card network (such as American Express or Discover). This may cause our customers to issue fewer cards with our brand and to enter into arrangements with
our competitors to issue cards, thereby reducing the volume of transactions that we process and decreasing our revenues. A number of our large customers, including Bank of America, Citibank, HSBC, USAA and GE Money, now issue or have announced that
they will issue American Express or Discover-branded cards. Accordingly, if our customers issue more competitor branded cards than MasterCard branded cards, it may have a material adverse affect on our business, revenue and profitability.

Certain of our competitors, including American Express, Discover, private-label card networks and certain alternative payments systems,
operate end-to-end payments systems with direct connections to both merchants and consumers, without involving intermediaries. These competitors seek to derive competitive advantages from their business models. For example, operators of end to end
payments systems tend to have greater control over consumer and merchant customer service than operators of four party payments systems such as ours, in which we must rely on our issuing and acquiring financial institution customers. In addition,
these competitors have not attracted the same level of legal or regulatory scrutiny of their pricing and business practices as have operators of four party payments systems such as ours. 

If we are not able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, drive value for our customers and/or effectively align our resources with our goals
and objectives, we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats. Our competitors may also more effectively introduce innovative programs and services that adversely impact our growth. As a result, our revenue or profitability could
decline. We also compete against new entrants that have developed alternative payment systems and payments in electronic commerce and for mobile devices. A number of these new entrants rely principally on the Internet to support their services and
may enjoy lower costs than we do, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

35 

Table of Contents

We also expect that there may be changes in the competitive landscape in the future, including:

•

 Parties that process our transactions in certain countries may try to eliminate our position as an intermediary in the payment process. For example, merchants could
process transactions directly with issuers, or processors could process transactions directly between issuers and acquirers. Large scale consolidation within processors could result in these processors developing bilateral agreements or in some
cases processing the entire transaction on their own network, thereby dis-intermediating MasterCard. 

•

 Competitors, customers and other industry participants may develop products that compete with or replace value-added services we currently provide to support our
transaction processing, such as dynamic currency conversion services, which could, if significant numbers of cardholders choose to use them, replace our own currency conversion processing services or could force us to change our pricing or practices
for these services. If we process fewer transactions or are forced to change our pricing or practices for our currency conversion processing because of competing dynamic currency conversion services or otherwise, our revenues may be materially and
adversely affected. 

•

 Participants in the payments industry may merge, create joint ventures or form other business combinations that may strengthen their existing business services or
create new payment services that compete with our services. 

Our failure to compete effectively against any of the
foregoing competitive threats could materially and adversely affect our revenues, operating results, prospects for future growth and overall business. 

A significant portion of the revenue we earn outside the United States is generated from cross-border transactions, and a decline in cross-border business and leisure travel could adversely affect our revenues
and profitability. 

We process substantially all cross-border transactions using MasterCard, Maestro and Cirrus-branded cards and
generate a significant amount of revenue from fees for processing cross-border and currency conversion transactions. In addition, we charge relatively higher operations fees for settlement, authorization and switch fees on cross-border transactions.
Revenue from processing cross-border and currency conversion transactions for our customers fluctuates with cross border travel and our customers’ need for transactions to be converted into their base currency. In particular, international
geopolitical, economic and other conditions, including the threat of terrorism and outbreak of diseases could cause a decline in cross-border business and leisure travel, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Certain financial institutions have exclusive, or near exclusive, relationships with our competitors to issue payment cards, and these
relationships may adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues. 

Certain financial institutions have
exclusive, or near exclusive, relationships with our competitors to issue payment cards, and these relationships may make it difficult or cost-prohibitive for us to do significant amounts of business with them to increase our revenues. In addition,
these financial institutions may be more successful and may grow faster than the financial institutions that primarily issue our cards, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We depend significantly on our relationships with our customers to manage our payment system. If we are unable to maintain those relationships, or
if our customers are unable to maintain their relationships with cardholders or merchants that accept our cards for payment, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

We are, and will continue to be, significantly dependent on our relationships with our issuers and acquirers and their further relationships with
cardholders and merchants to support our programs and services. We do not issue cards, extend credit to cardholders or determine the interest rates (if applicable) or other fees charged to 

36 

Table of Contents

cardholders using cards that carry our brands. Each issuer determines these and most other competitive card features. In addition, we do not establish the
discount rate that merchants are charged for card acceptance, which is the responsibility of our acquiring customers. As a result, our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers
and the strength of our relationships with them. In turn, our customers’ success depends on a variety of factors over which we have little or no influence. If our customers become financially unstable, we may lose revenue or we may be exposed
to settlement risk as described below. 

With the exception of the United States and a select number of other jurisdictions, most in-country
(as opposed to cross-border) transactions conducted using MasterCard, Maestro and Cirrus cards are authorized, cleared and settled by our customers or other processors without involving our central processing systems. Because we do not provide
domestic processing services in these countries and do not, as described above, have direct relationships with cardholders or merchants, we depend on our close working relationships with our customers to effectively manage our brands, and the
perception of our payment system among regulators, merchants and consumers in these countries. From time to time, our customers may take actions that we do not believe to be in the best interests of our payment system overall, which may materially
and adversely impact our business. If our customers’ actions cause significant negative perception of the global payments industry or our brands, cardholders may reduce the usage of our programs, which could reduce our revenues and
profitability. 

In addition, our competitors may process a greater percentage of domestic transactions in jurisdictions outside the United
States than we do. As a result, our inability to control the end-to-end processing on cards carrying our brands in many markets may put us at a competitive disadvantage by limiting our ability to maintain transaction integrity or introduce
value-added programs and services that are dependent upon us processing the underlying transactions. 

We rely on the continuing expansion
of merchant acceptance of our brands and programs. Although our business strategy is to invest in strengthening our brands and expanding our acceptance network, there can be no guarantee that our efforts in these areas will continue to be
successful. If the rate of merchant acceptance growth slows or reverses itself, our business could suffer. 

Our business may be
materially and adversely affected by the marketplace’s perception of our brands and reputation. 

Our brands and their
attributes are key assets of our business. The ability to attract and retain cardholders to MasterCard-branded products is highly dependent upon the external perception of our company and industry. Our business may be affected by actions taken by
our customers that impact the perception of our brands. Adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, impair our reputation, or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny. Such perception and damage to our
reputation could have a material and adverse effect to our business. 

If we are unable to grow our debit business, particularly in
the United States, we may fail to maintain and increase our revenue growth. 

We believe that in recent years industry-wide offline
and online debit transactions have grown more rapidly than credit or charge transactions. However, in the United States, transactions involving our brands account for a smaller share of all offline, signature-based debit transactions than they do
credit or charge transactions. In addition, many of our competitors process a greater number of online, PIN-based debit transactions at the point of sale than we do, since our Maestro brand has relatively low penetration in the United States. We may
not be able to increase our penetration for debit transactions in the United States since many of our competitors have long-standing and strong positions. We may also be impacted adversely by the tendency among U.S. consumers and merchants to
migrate from offline, signature-based debit transactions to online, PIN-based transactions because we generally earn less revenue from the latter types of transactions. In addition, online, PIN-based 

37 

Table of Contents

transactions are more likely to be processed by other ATM/debit point-of-sale networks rather than by us. Any of these factors may inhibit the growth of our
debit business, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and overall prospects for future growth. 

Global political
and other conditions may adversely affect trends in consumer spending, which may materially and adversely impact our revenue and profitability. 

The global payments industry depends heavily upon the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. In addition to the effects of general economic conditions, increases in interest rates in key
countries in which we operate may adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions involving payment cards carrying our brands. Also, as we are principally based in the United States, a
negative perception of the United States could impact the perception of our company, which could adversely affect our business prospects and growth. 

As a guarantor of certain obligations of principal members and affiliate debit licensees, we are exposed to risk of loss or illiquidity if any of our customers default on their MasterCard, Cirrus or Maestro
settlement obligations. 

We may incur liability in connection with transaction settlements if an issuer or acquirer fails to fund
its daily settlement obligations due to technical problems, liquidity shortfalls, insolvency or other reasons. If a principal member or affiliate debit licensee of MasterCard International is unable to fulfill its settlement obligations to other
customers, we may bear the loss even if we do not process the transaction. In addition, although we are not contractually obligated to do so, we may elect to keep merchants whole if an acquirer defaults on its merchant payment obligations, in order
to maintain the integrity and acceptance of our brands. Our estimated gross legal settlement exposure, which is calculated using the average daily card charges made during the quarter multiplied by the estimated number of days to settle, was
approximately $24 billion as of December 31, 2008. We have a revolving credit facility in the amount of $2.5 billion which could be used to provide liquidity in the event of one or more settlement failures by our customers. While we believe
that we have sufficient liquidity to cover a settlement failure by any of our largest customers on their peak day, concurrent settlement failures of more than one of our largest customers or of several of our smaller customers may exceed our
available resources and could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. In addition, even if we have sufficient liquidity to cover a settlement failure, we may not be able to recover the cost of such a payment and may
therefore be exposed to significant losses, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Moreover, during 2008, many of our financial institution customers were directly and adversely
impacted by the unprecedented events that occurred in the financial markets and the economic turmoil that ensued around the world. These events present increased risk that we may have to perform under our settlement guarantees. For more information
on our settlement exposure as of December 31, 2008, see Note 21 (Settlement and Travelers Cheque Risk Management) to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

If our transaction processing systems are disrupted or we are unable to process transactions efficiently or at all, our revenue or profitability
would be materially reduced. 

Our transaction processing systems may experience service interruptions as a result of fire, natural
or man-made disasters, power loss, disruptions in long distance or local telecommunications access, fraud, terrorism, accident or other catastrophic events. A disaster or other problem at our primary and/or back-up facilities or our other owned or
leased facilities could interrupt our services. Additionally, we rely on third-party service providers, such as AT&T, BT and Orange, for the timely transmission of information across our global data transportation network. If one of our service
providers fails to provide the communications capacity or services we require, as a result of natural disaster, operational disruption, terrorism or any other reason, the failure could interrupt our services, adversely affect the perception of our
brands’ reliability and materially reduce our revenue or profitability. 

38 

Table of Contents

Account data breaches involving card data stored by us or third parties could adversely affect our
reputation and revenue. 

We, our customers, and other third parties store cardholder account and other information in connection
with payment cards bearing our brands. In addition, our customers may sponsor third-party processors to process transactions generated by cards carrying our brands. A breach of the systems on which sensitive cardholder data and account information
are stored could lead to fraudulent activity involving our cards, damage the reputation of our brands and lead to claims against us. In 2007 and 2008, there were several high-profile account data compromise events involving merchant systems that
process and store information related to credit and debit card transactions, which affected, and may potentially affect, millions of MasterCard, Visa, Discover and American Express cardholders. As a result, we may be subject to lawsuits in
connection with data security breaches involving payment cards carrying our brands. If we are unsuccessful in defending lawsuits involving such data security breaches, we may be forced to pay damages, which could materially and adversely affect our
profitability. In addition, any damage to our reputation or that of our brands resulting from an account data breach could decrease the use and acceptance of our cards, which could have a material adverse impact on our transaction volumes, revenue
and future growth prospects, or increase our costs by leading to additional regulatory burdens being imposed upon us. 

An increase in
fraudulent activity using our cards could lead to reputational damage to our brands and could reduce the use and acceptance of our cards. 

Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to capture cardholder account information to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeit, or other fraud. As outsourcing and specialization become a more acceptable way of doing
business in the payments industry, there are more third parties involved in processing transactions using our cards. Increased fraud levels involving our cards could lead to regulatory intervention, such as mandatory card re-issuance, adoption of
new technologies or enhanced security requirements, and damage to our reputation and financial damage to our brands, which could reduce the use and acceptance of our cards or increase our compliance costs, and thereby have a material adverse impact
on our business. 

If we are not able to keep pace with the rapid technological developments in our industry to provide customers,
merchants and cardholders with new and innovative payment programs and services, the use of our cards could decline, which would reduce our revenue and income. 

The payment card industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, including continuing developments of technologies in the areas of smart cards, radio frequency and proximity payment devices (such
as contactless cards), electronic commerce and mobile commerce, among others. We cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business. We rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for
the development of and access to new technologies. We expect that new services and technologies applicable to the payments industry will continue to emerge, and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the
technologies we currently use in our card programs and services. In addition, our ability to adopt new services and technologies that we develop may be inhibited by a need for industry-wide standards, by resistance from customers or merchants to
such changes or by intellectual property rights of third parties. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to develop or adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. 

Adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls could decrease revenue we receive from our international operations.

During 2008, approximately 52.8% of our revenue was generated from activities outside the United States. Some of the revenue we
generate outside the United States is subject to unpredictable and indeterminate fluctuations if the values of other currencies change relative to the U.S. dollar. Resulting exchange gains and losses are included in our net income. Our risk
management activities provide protection with respect to adverse 

39 

Table of Contents

changes in the value of only a limited number of currencies. Furthermore, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that might restrict or
prohibit the conversion of our other revenue currencies into U.S. dollars. The occurrence of any of these factors could decrease the value of revenues we receive from our international operations and have a material adverse impact on our business.

Any acquisitions that we make could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition. 

We may evaluate or make strategic acquisitions of, or acquire interests in joint ventures or other entities related to, complementary businesses,
products or technologies. While we from time to time evaluate potential acquisitions of businesses, products and technologies, anticipate continuing to make these evaluations, and have made certain recent acquisitions (including interests in joint
ventures and other alliances), we have no present understandings, commitments or agreements with respect to any material acquisitions. If we do make such an acquisition, however, we may not be able to successfully finance the business following the
acquisition as a result of costs of operations, including any litigation risk which may be inherited from the acquisition. Furthermore, we may not be able to successfully integrate any such acquired businesses, products or technologies. In
particular, the integration of any acquisition (including efforts related to an acquisition of an interest in a joint venture or other entity) may divert management’s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations.
Moreover, we may spend time and money on projects that do not increase our revenue. In addition, to the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition in cash, it would reduce our cash reserves available to us for other uses, and to the extent
the purchase price is paid with our stock, it could be dilutive to our stockholders. 

Changes in the regulatory environment may
adversely affect our benefit plans. 

We provide certain retirement benefits to our U.S. employees through the MasterCard
Accumulation Plan (MAP), a qualified cash balance benefit plan. The Pension Protection Act of 2006 provides that, from January 29, 2005 and on, cash balance plans should not be deemed inherently age discriminatory. In addition, all five of the
U.S. Circuits that have considered the question of whether cash balance plans are age discriminatory have held that cash balance plans do not violate the age discrimination provisions of ERISA. However, should any other U.S. Circuit resolve the
issue differently, we may be required to amend the MAP and, like other U.S. companies with cash balance plans, may be exposed to claims from plan participants. These developments could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.

Risks Related to our Class A Common Stock and Governance Structure 

Future sales of our shares of Class A common stock could depress the market price of our Class A common stock. 

The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares in the market or the perception that
such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us or our stockholders to sell equity securities in the future. As of February 12, 2009, we had 98,514,196 outstanding
shares of Class A common stock of which 13,496,933 shares were owned by the Foundation. Under the terms of the donation, the Foundation may sell its shares of our Class A common stock commencing on the fourth anniversary of the
consummation of the IPO to the extent necessary to comply with charitable disbursement requirements. Under Canadian tax law, the Foundation is generally required each year to disburse at least 3.5% of its assets not used in administration of the
Foundation in qualified charitable disbursements. However, the Foundation has obtained permission from the Canadian tax authorities to defer its annual disbursement requirement for up to ten years and meet its total deferred disbursement obligations
at the end of the ten-year period. Despite this permission to defer annual disbursements, the Foundation may decide to meet its disbursement obligations on an annual basis or to settle previously accumulated obligations during any given year. In
addition, the Foundation will be permitted to sell all of the remaining shares held by it starting twenty years and eleven months after the consummation of the IPO. 

40 

Table of Contents

In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that holders of our Class B
common stock would be eligible, through “conversion transactions” in amounts and at times to be designated by the Company, to convert their shares of Class B common stock into shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis
for subsequent transfer or sale to an eligible holder, subject to annual aggregate and other limits. The Company completed two such voluntary conversion programs during 2007 and one such program during 2008 and has announced that it expects to
provide such a program in 2009. After May 31, 2010, holders of our Class B common stock will have the option to convert all of their shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis for subsequent
sale to the public, without aggregate amounts or similar limitations. All of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of such shares will be freely tradable without restriction or registration under the Securities Act by
persons other than our affiliates. These future sales, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock. 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile. 

Securities markets worldwide
experience significant price and volume fluctuations and have experienced increased volatility in connection with recent unpredictable economic events around the world. This market volatility, as well as the factors listed below, among others, could
affect the market price of our common stock: 

•

 the continuation of unprecedented economic events around the world in financial markets as well as political conditions and other factors unrelated to our operating
performance or the operating performance of our competitors; 

•

 quarterly variations in our results of operations or the results of operations of our competitors; 

•

 changes in earning estimates, investors’ perceptions, recommendations by securities analysts or our failure to achieve analysts’ earning estimates;

•

 the announcement of new products or service enhancements by us or our competitors; 

•

 announcements related to litigation; 

•

 potential acquisitions by us of other companies; and 

•

 developments in our industry. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent entirely a takeover attempt or a change in control. 

Provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law could delay or prevent entirely a merger or acquisition that our stockholders consider favorable. These
provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or have the effect of delaying or preventing entirely a change in control, which could harm our stock price. For example, subject to limited exceptions, our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation prohibits any person from beneficially owning more than 15% of any of the Class A common stock, the Class B common stock or any other class or series of our stock with general voting power, or more than 15% of our total voting
power. Further, no member or former member of MasterCard International, or any operator, member or licensee of any competing general purpose payment card system, or any affiliate of any such person, may beneficially own any share of Class A
common stock or any other class or series of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. In addition, 

•

 our board of directors is divided into three classes, with approximately one-third of our directors elected each year; 

•

 up to three of our directors (but no more than one-quarter of all directors) are elected by the holders of our Class M common stock; 

•

 any representative of a competitor of MasterCard or of the Foundation is disqualified from service on our board of directors; 

•

 our directors, other than the directors elected by the holders of our Class M common stock (who may be removed without cause by the holders of the Class M common
stock), may be removed only for cause 

41 

Table of Contents

and only upon the affirmative vote of at least 80% in voting power of all the shares of stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting
together as a single class; 

•

 our stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors; 

•

 holders of our Class A common stock are not entitled to act by written consent; 

•

 our stockholders must provide timely notice for any stockholder proposals and director nominations; 

•

 we have adopted limited liability provisions that eliminate the personal liability of directors and the members of our European Board for monetary damages for
actions taken as a director or member, with certain exceptions; and 

•

 a vote of 80% or more of all of the outstanding shares of our stock then entitled to vote is required to amend certain sections of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and for stockholders to amend any provision of our bylaws. 

A substantial portion of
our voting power is held by the Foundation, which is restricted from selling shares for an extended period of time and therefore may not have the same incentive to approve a corporate action that may be favorable to the other public stockholders. In
addition, the ownership of Class A common stock by the Foundation and the restrictions on transfer could discourage or make more difficult acquisition proposals favored by the other holders of the Class A common stock. 

The Foundation owns 13,496,933 shares of Class A common stock, representing, as of February 12, 2009, approximately 14% of our general
voting power. The Foundation may not sell or otherwise transfer its shares of Class A common stock prior to the date which is twenty years and eleven months following the IPO, except to the extent necessary to satisfy its charitable
disbursement requirements starting on the fourth anniversary of the IPO. The directors of the Foundation are required to be independent of us and our members. The ownership of Class A common stock by the Foundation, together with the
restrictions on transfer, could discourage or make more difficult acquisition proposals favored by the other holders of the Class A common stock. In addition, because the Foundation is restricted from selling its shares for an extended period
of time, it may not have the same interest in short or medium-term movements in our stock price as, or incentive to approve a corporate action that may be favorable to, our other stockholders. 

The holders of our Class M common stock have the right to elect up to three of our directors and to approve significant corporate transactions, and
their interests in our business may be different from those of our other stockholders. 

Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation requires us to obtain the approval of the holders of our Class M common stock, voting separately as a class, for a variety of enumerated actions. For example, the approval of the holders of our Class M common stock is required to make
certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation, to approve the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets, to approve the consummation of mergers or consolidations of MasterCard or for us to cease to engage in the
business of providing core network authorization, clearing and settlement services for branded payment card transactions. In addition, the holders of our Class M common stock have the right to elect up to three of our directors. Because shares of
the Class M common stock do not have any economic rights, the holders of the Class M common stock may not have the same incentive to approve a corporate action that may be favorable for the holders of Class A common stock, or their interests
may otherwise conflict with those of the holders of Class A common stock. 

Certain aspects of our European operations are
managed by the European Board which has been elected by the European holders of Class M common stock and which may reach different decisions than our Board of Directors. 

Certain aspects of our European operations, including review of membership applications, establishment of intraregional operating rules and
implementation of certain intraregional product and enhancement developments and affinity and co-branding rules are managed by or under the direction of our European Board. The European 

42 

Table of Contents

Board is elected by holders of our Class M common stock who have their principal operations in Europe, and consists of representatives of our European
members. Although our board of directors may, through a majority or a two-thirds vote depending on the circumstances, override decisions or temporarily assume any authority granted to the European Board, the European Board may reach different
decisions than our board of directors would have reached on the same matter. 

Our ability to pay regular dividends to our holders of
Class A common stock and Class B common stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will be limited by our ability to generate sufficient earnings and cash flows. 

MasterCard intends to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis on our shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Our board of directors
may, in its discretion, decrease the level of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. The payment of dividends is dependent upon our ability to generate earnings and cash flows so that we may pay our obligations and expenses and
pay dividends to our stockholders. However, sufficient cash may not be available to pay such dividends. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our
financial condition, settlement guarantees, operating results, available cash and current and anticipated cash needs. If, as a consequence of these various factors, we are unable to generate sufficient earnings and cash flows from our business, we
may not be able to make or may have to reduce or eliminate the payment of dividends on our shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock.