. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

We make forward-looking statements in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of
operations, which follow under the headings “Business and Overview,” “Liquidity and Capital Resources,” and other statements throughout this report preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believes,”
“expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates” or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, including the risks and uncertainties described
below and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC. We therefore caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date of
this report, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

We are subject to various risks that could have a
negative effect on the Company and its financial condition. You should understand that these risks could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements contained in this report and in other Company
communications. Because there is no way to determine in advance whether, or to what extent, any present uncertainty will ultimately impact our business, you should give equal weight to each of the following: 

Lodging and Timeshare Industry Risks 

Our industries are highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully with other hotel and timeshare properties for customers. We generally operate in markets that contain
numerous competitors. Each of our hotel and timeshare brands competes with major hotel chains in national and international venues and with independent companies in regional markets. Our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain
business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services from those offered by others. If we are unable to compete successfully in these areas, this could limit
our operating margins, diminish our market share, and reduce our earnings. 

We are subject to the range of operating risks
common to the hotel, timeshare, and corporate apartment industries. The profitability of the hotels, vacation timeshare resorts, and corporate apartments that we operate or franchise may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including:

(1)

the availability of and demand for hotel rooms, timeshare interval, fractional ownership, and residential products, and apartments; 

(2)

pricing strategies of our competitors; 

(3)

international, national, and regional economic and geopolitical conditions; 

(4)

the impact of war, actual or threatened terrorist activity and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to war, terrorist activity or threats;

(5)

the desirability of particular locations and changes in travel patterns; 

(6)

travelers’ fears of exposure to contagious diseases, such as H1N1 Flu, Avian Flu and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (“SARS”);

(7)

the occurrence of natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, and hurricanes; 

(8)

taxes and government regulations that influence or determine wages, prices, interest rates, construction procedures, and costs; 

(9)

the costs and administrative burdens associated with compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including, among others, those associated with franchising,
timeshare, lending, privacy, marketing and sales, licensing, labor, employment, immigration, the environment, and the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Asset Control and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

16 

Table of Contents

(10)

the availability and cost of capital to allow us and potential hotel owners and joint venture partners to fund investments; 

(11)

regional and national development of competing properties; 

(12)

increases in wages and other labor costs, energy, healthcare, insurance, transportation and fuel, and other expenses central to the conduct of our business or the cost
of travel for our customers, including recent increases in energy costs and any resulting increase in travel costs or decrease in airline capacity; 

(13)

organized labor activities, which could cause the diversion of business from hotels involved in labor negotiations, loss of group business, and/or increased labor
costs; 

(14)

foreign currency exchange fluctuations; and 

(15)

trademark or intellectual property infringement. 

Any one or more of these factors could limit or reduce the demand or the prices our hotels are able to obtain for hotel rooms, timeshare units, residential units, and corporate apartments or could
increase our costs and therefore reduce the profit of our lodging businesses. Reduced demand for hotels could also give rise to losses under loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments that we have made in connection with hotels that we
manage. Even where such factors do not reduce demand, property-level profit margins may suffer if we are unable to fully recover increased operating costs from our guests. Similarly, our fee revenue could be impacted by weak property-level revenue
or profitability. 

Our hotel management and franchise agreements may also be subject to premature termination in certain
circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, or a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria that are subject to the risks described in this section, which the Company fails or elects
not to cure. A significant loss of agreements due to premature terminations could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business. 

Current general economic conditions and the slowdown in the lodging and timeshare industries will continue to impact our financial results and growth. The present weak economic conditions in the
United States, Europe and much of the rest of the world and the uncertainty over the duration of that weakness and the prospects for recovery will continue to have a negative impact on the lodging and timeshare industries. As a result of current
economic conditions, we continue to experience reduced demand for our hotel rooms and timeshare products. Accordingly, our financial results have been impacted by the economic slowdown, and we expect that our future financial results and growth will
be further harmed until a meaningful recovery is well under way. 

Operational Risks 

Our lodging operations are subject to international, national, and regional conditions. Because we conduct our business on a national
and international platform, our activities are susceptible to changes in the performance of regional and global economies. In recent years, our business has been hurt by decreases in travel resulting from recent economic conditions, the military
action in Iraq, and the heightened travel security measures that have resulted from the threat of further terrorism. Our future economic performance is similarly affected by the economic environment in the United States and other regions, which
remains affected by the current worldwide economic weakness, the resulting unknown pace of business travel, and the occurrence of any future incidents in the countries where we operate. 

The growing significance of our operations outside of the United States also makes us increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing
business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits or disrupt our business. We currently operate or franchise hotels and resorts in 68 countries, our operations outside the United States represented
approximately 16 percent of our revenues in 2009, and we expect that the international share of our total revenues will increase in future years. As a result, we are increasingly exposed to a number of challenges and risks associated with doing
business outside the United States, including those listed below, any of which could reduce our revenues or profits, increase our costs, or disrupt our business: (1) compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations and policies of foreign
governments that may impact our operations, including foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, and trade restrictions; (2) compliance with U.S. laws that affect the activities of U.S. companies abroad; (3) limitations on
our ability to repatriate non-U.S. earnings in a tax effective manner; (4) the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (5) uncertainties as to the enforceability of contract and
intellectual property rights under local laws; and (6) rapid changes in government policy, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation. 

17 

Table of Contents

New branded hotel products that we launch in the future may not be successful. We may
in the future launch additional branded hotel products. We cannot assure that our recently launched EDITION and The Autograph Collection brands or new hotel products we may launch in the future will be accepted by hotel owners, potential
franchisees, or the traveling public, that we will recover the costs we incurred in developing the brands, or that the brands will be successful. In addition, some of these new brands involve or may involve cooperation and/or consultation with a
third party, including some shared control over product design and development, sales and marketing, and brand standards. Disagreements with these third parties regarding areas of consultation or shared control could slow the development of these
new brands and/or impair our ability to take actions we believe to be advisable for the success and profitability of such brands.

Risks relating to natural disasters, contagious disease, terrorist activity, and war could reduce the demand for lodging, which may adversely affect our revenues. So called “Acts of God,”
such as hurricanes, earthquakes, and other natural disasters and the spread of contagious diseases, such as H1N1 Flu, Avian Flu, and SARS, in locations where we own, manage or franchise significant properties, and areas of the world from which we
draw a large number of customers can cause a decline in the level of business and leisure travel and reduce the demand for lodging. Actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, and other geopolitical uncertainty can
have a similar effect. Any one or more of these events may reduce the overall demand for hotel rooms, timeshare units, and corporate apartments or limit the prices that we are able to obtain for them, both of which could adversely affect our
profits. 

Unresolved disputes with the owners of the hotels that we manage or franchise may result in litigation.
Consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. The nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both
management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation and will from time to time give rise to disagreements. Such disagreements may be more likely as hotel returns are depressed as a result of current economic conditions. We seek to
resolve any disagreements in order to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners and joint venture partners but are not always able to do so. Failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in litigation, and
could do so in the future. If any such litigation results in a significant adverse judgment, settlement or court order, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, or our future ability to operate our business could be
constrained. 

Damage to, or other potential losses involving, properties that we own, manage or franchise may not be
covered by insurance. We have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. Market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of insurance coverage
that we can obtain and our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. Certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, or terrorist acts, may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify
obtaining insurance. As a result, we may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. In addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to
pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or that of hotel owners or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. As a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a
property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations related to the property. 

Development and Financing Risks 

While w
e are predominantly a manager and franchisor of hotel properties, we depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels and to develop timeshare properties, and we or our hotel owners
may be unable to access capital when necessary. In order to fund new hotel investments, as well as refurbish and improve existing hotels, both the Company and current and potential hotel owners must periodically spend money. The availability of
funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors, over which we can exert little control. Ongoing instability in the financial markets following the 2008 worldwide
financial crisis and the contraction of available liquidity and leverage continue to constrain the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. As a result, while lenders have shown a willingness to work with borrowers to extend relief in
the short to medium term, many current and prospective hotel owners are still finding new hotel financing on commercially viable terms to be challenging. Our ability to recover loan and guarantee advances from hotel operations or from owners through
the proceeds of hotel sales, refinancing of debt or otherwise may also affect our ability to recycle and raise new capital. In addition, any further downgrade of our credit ratings by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investor Service,
Fitch Ratings, or other rating agencies could reduce our availability of capital or increase our cost of capital. 

Our
growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. Our present growth strategy for development of additional lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining
various arrangements with property owners. The terms of our management agreements, franchise agreements, and leases for each of our lodging facilities are influenced by contract terms offered by our

18 

Table of Contents

competitors, among other things. We cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to enter into future collaborations, renew agreements, or enter
into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today. 

Our ability to grow our
management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. Our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing
facilities to managed or franchised Marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. These include site availability, financing, planning, zoning and other local
approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements,
costs of construction, and anticipated room rate structure. 

Our development activities expose us to project cost,
completion, and resale risks. We develop new hotel, timeshare interval, fractional ownership, and residential properties, both directly and through partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures with third parties. As demonstrated
by the 2009 impairment charges associated with our Timeshare business, our ongoing involvement in the development of properties presents a number of risks, including that: (1) continued weakness in the capital markets may limit our ability, or
that of third parties with whom we do business, to raise capital for completion of projects that have commenced or for development of future properties; (2) properties that we develop could become less attractive due to further decreases in
demand for residential, fractional or interval ownership, increases in mortgage rates and/or decreases in mortgage availability, market absorption or oversupply, with the result that we may not be able to sell such properties for a profit or at the
prices or selling pace we anticipate, potentially requiring additional changes in our pricing strategy that could result in further charges; (3) construction delays, cost overruns, lender financial defaults, or so called “Acts of God”
such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods or fires may increase overall project costs or result in project cancellations; and (4) we may be unable to recover development costs we incur for these projects that are not pursued to completion.

Development activities that involve our co-investment with third parties may result in disputes that could increase
project costs, impair project operations, or increase project completion risks. Partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures involving our co-investment with third parties generally include some form of shared control over the
operations of the business and create additional risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures could become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations, or could have or develop business
interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. Although we actively seek to minimize such risks before investing in partnerships, joint ventures or similar structures, actions by another investor may present additional risks of
project delay, increased project costs, or operational difficulties following project completion. Such disputes may also be more likely in the current difficult business environment. 

Other Risks Associated with Timeshare and Residential Properties 

Disruption in the credit markets could impair our ability to sell the loans that our Timeshare business generates. Our Timeshare
business provides financing to purchasers of our timeshare and fractional properties, and we periodically sell interests in those loans in the securities markets. Disruption in the credit markets in the second half of 2008 and much of 2009 impaired
the timing and volume of the timeshare loans that we sell, as well as the financial terms of such sales. Deteriorating market conditions resulted in the delay of a planned fourth quarter 2008 sale to the 2009 first quarter with terms that were less
favorable to us than they had been historically and higher sales costs to us than we had originally anticipated. Market conditions improved throughout 2009 and we successfully completed a sale in the fourth quarter of 2009 on terms that were
substantially more favorable than the first quarter 2009 transaction. Nonetheless, financial markets have not returned to pre-2008 conditions and another deterioration could delay future sales, sharply increase their cost to us, or prevent us from
selling our timeshare notes entirely. Delays in note sales or increases in sale costs could cause us to reduce spending in order to maintain our leverage and return targets, and could also result in increased borrowing to provide capital to replace
proceeds from such sales. 

Risks associated with development and sale of residential properties that are associated with
our lodging and timeshare properties or brands may reduce our profits. In certain hotel and timeshare projects we participate, through noncontrolling interests and/or licensing fees, in the development and sale of residential properties
associated with our brands, including luxury residences, and condominiums under our Ritz-Carlton and Marriott brands. Such projects pose additional risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging and timeshare businesses, which may reduce
our profits or compromise our brand equity, including the following: 

•

 Recent decreases in residential real estate, vacation home prices, and demand generally will continue to reduce our profits and could result in losses
on residential sales, increase our carrying costs due to a slower pace of sales than we anticipated, and could make it more difficult to convince future hotel development partners of the value added by our brands; 

19 

Table of Contents

•

 Increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers
from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay; and 

•

 Residential construction may be subject to warranty and liability claims, and the costs of resolving such claims may be significant.

Purchase defaults on the loans our Timeshare business generates could reduce our Timeshare revenues and
profits. We are also subject to the risk of default on the financing we provide to purchasers of our timeshare and fractional properties. Purchaser defaults could force us to foreclose on the loan and reclaim ownership of the financed property,
both for loans that we have not securitized and in our role as servicer for the loans we have sold in the securities markets. If we cannot resell foreclosed properties in a timely manner or at a price sufficient to repay the loans and our costs, we
could incur losses, impairment charges on loans we have yet to securitize or our residual interest in loans that we have securitized. 

Technology, Information Protection, and Privacy Risks 

A failure to keep pace with developments in
technology could impair our operations or competitive position. The lodging and timeshare industries continue to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management and property
management systems, our Marriott Rewards program, and technologies we make available to our guests. These technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis. If we are unable to do so as
quickly as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames, our business could suffer. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated
costs or could impair our operating results. 

An increase in the use of third-party Internet services
to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our revenues. Some of our hotel rooms are booked through Internet travel intermediaries such as Expedia.com
®
, Travelocity.com
®
, and
Orbitz.com
®
, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. These intermediaries initially focused on
leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. Although Marriott’s Look No Further
®
 Best Rate Guarantee has greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of
aggressive online marketing methods to attract customers, including the purchase, by certain companies, of trademarked online keywords such as “Marriott” from Internet search engines such as Google
®
, Bing
®
 and
Yahoo
®
 to steer customers toward their websites (a practice currently being challenged by various trademark
owners in federal court). Although Marriott has successfully limited these practices through contracts with key online intermediaries, the number of intermediaries and related companies that drive traffic to intermediaries’ websites is too
large to permit us to eliminate this risk entirely. Our business and profitability could be harmed if online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from

www.Marriott.com, or through their fees increasing the overall cost of Internet bookings for our hotels. 

Failure to
maintain the integrity of internal or customer data could result in faulty business decisions, damage of reputation and/or subject us to costs, fines, or lawsuits. Our businesses require collection and retention of large volumes of internal and
customer data, including credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information of our customers as they are entered into, processed by, summarized by, and reported by our various information systems and those of our service providers. We
also maintain personally identifiable information about our employees. The integrity and protection of that customer, employee, and company data is critical to us. If that data is inaccurate or incomplete, we could make faulty decisions. Our
customers and employees also have a high expectation that their personal information will be adequately protected by ourselves or our service providers, and the regulatory environment surrounding information, security and privacy is increasingly
demanding, in both the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate. A significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of customer, employee, or company data by us or by a service provider could adversely impact our reputation and could
result in remedial and other expenses, fines, and litigation. 

Changes in privacy law could adversely affect our
ability to market our products effectively. We rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including telemarketing, email marketing, and postal mailings. Any further restrictions in laws such as the Telemarketing Sales Rule, CANSPAM Act,
and various U.S. state laws, or new federal laws, regarding marketing and solicitation or international data protection laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of telemarketing, email, and postal mailing
techniques and could force further changes in our marketing strategy. If this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of timeshare units and other
products.

20 

Table of Contents

We also obtain access to potential customers from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships and market to some individuals on these lists directly or
by including our marketing message in the other company’s marketing materials. If access to these lists was prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new customers, and introduce them to our products could be impaired.

Other Risks 

Changes in tax and other laws and regulations could reduce our profits or increase our costs. Our businesses are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and foreign
laws, regulations and policies. In response to the recent economic crisis and the current recession, we anticipate that many of the jurisdictions in which we do business will review tax and other revenue raising laws, regulations and policies, and
any resulting changes could impose new restrictions, costs or prohibitions on our current practices and reduce our profits. In particular, U.S. and foreign governments may revise tax laws, regulations or official interpretations in ways that could
have a significant impact on us, including modifications that could reduce the profits that we can effectively realize from our non-U.S. operations or that could require costly changes to those operations or the way in which they are structured. For
example, most U.S. company effective tax rates reflect the fact that income earned and reinvested outside the United States is generally taxed at local rates, which are often much lower than U.S. tax rates. If changes in tax laws, regulations or
interpretations were to significantly increase the tax rates on non-U.S. income, our effective tax rate could increase, our profits could be reduced, and if such increases were a result of our status as a U.S. company, could place us at a
disadvantage to our non-U.S. competitors if those competitors remain subject to lower local tax rates. 

If we cannot
attract and retain talented associates, our business could suffer. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel. If we are not able to recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of
talented associates, we could experience increased associate turnover, decreased guest satisfaction, low morale, inefficiency, or internal control failures. Insufficient numbers of talented associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand
our businesses. 

Delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our Board of Directors could implement,
anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. Under the Delaware business combination statute, a stockholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without Board of Director’s consent
for at least three years after the date the stockholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. Our governing corporate documents also, among other things, require supermajority votes in connection with mergers and similar transactions.
In addition, our Board of Directors could, without stockholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a stockholder’s rights plan to replace the stockholder’s rights plan that expired in March 2008.