. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

We make forward-looking statements in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of
operations, which follow under the headings “Business and Overview,” “Liquidity and Capital Resources,” and other statements throughout this report preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believes,”
“expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates” or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, including the
risks and uncertainties described below and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC. We therefore caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this
report speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

We are subject to various risks that could have a negative effect on the Company and its financial condition. You should understand that
these risks could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements contained in this report and in other Company communications. Because there is no way to determine in advance whether, or to what extent, any
present uncertainty will ultimately impact our business, you should give equal weight to each of the following: 

Lodging
and Timeshare Industry Risks 

Our industries are highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete
successfully with other hotel and timeshare properties for customers. We generally operate in markets that contain numerous competitors. Each of our hotel and timeshare brands competes with major hotel chains in national and international venues
and with independent companies in regional markets. Our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and
services from those offered by others. If we are unable to compete successfully in these areas, this could limit our operating margins, diminish our market share, and reduce our earnings. 

We are subject to the range of operating risks common to the hotel, timeshare, and corporate apartment industries. The
profitability of the hotels, vacation timeshare resorts, and corporate apartments that we operate or franchise may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 

(1)

the availability of and demand for hotel rooms, timeshare interval, fractional ownership, and residential products, and apartments; 

(2)

pricing strategies of our competitors; 

(3)

international, national, and regional economic and geopolitical conditions; 

(4)

the impact of war, actual or threatened terrorist activity and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to war, terrorist activity or threats, and
civil unrest; 

(5)

the desirability of particular locations and changes in travel patterns; 

(6)

travelers’ fears of exposure to contagious diseases, such as H1N1 Flu, Avian Flu and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (“SARS”);

(7)

the occurrence of natural or man-made disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, and oil spills; 

(8)

events that may be beyond our control that could affect the reputation of one or more of our properties or more generally impact the reputation of our brands;

(9)

taxes and government regulations that influence or determine wages, prices, interest rates, construction procedures, and costs; 

(10)

 the costs and administrative burdens associated with compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including, among others, those associated with
franchising, timeshare, lending, privacy, marketing and sales, 

16 

Table of Contents

licensing, labor, employment, immigration, the environment, and the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Asset Control and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

(11)

the availability and cost of capital to allow us and potential hotel owners and joint venture partners to fund investments; 

(12)

regional and national development of competing properties; 

(13)

increases in wages and other labor costs, energy, healthcare, insurance, transportation and fuel, and other expenses central to the conduct of our business or the cost
of travel for our customers, including recent increases in energy costs and any resulting increase in travel costs or decrease in airline capacity; 

(14)

organized labor activities, which could cause the diversion of business from hotels involved in labor negotiations, loss of group business, and/or increased labor
costs; 

(15)

currency exchange fluctuations; and 

(16)

trademark or intellectual property infringement. 

Any one or more of these factors could limit or reduce the demand or the prices our hotels are able to obtain for hotel rooms, timeshare units, residential units, and corporate apartments or could
increase our costs and therefore reduce the profit of our lodging businesses. Reduced demand for hotels could also give rise to losses under loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments that we have made in connection with hotels that we
manage. Even where such factors do not reduce demand, property-level profit margins may suffer if we are unable to fully recover increased operating costs from our guests. Similarly, our fee revenue could be impacted by weak property-level revenue
or profitability. 

Our hotel management and franchise agreements may also be subject to premature termination in certain
circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, or a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria that are subject to the risks described in this section, which the Company fails or elects
not to cure. A significant loss of agreements due to premature terminations could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business. 

General economic uncertainty and weak demand in the lodging and timeshare industries could continue to impact our financial results and growth. Weak economic conditions in the United States, Europe
and much of the rest of the world and the uncertainty over the duration of these conditions could continue to have a negative impact on the lodging and timeshare industries. As a result of current economic conditions, we continue to experience
weakened demand for our hotel rooms and timeshare products. Recent improvements in demand trends globally may not continue, and our future financial results and growth could be further harmed or constrained if the recovery was to stall or conditions
were to worsen. 

Proposed Spin-off Risk 

The proposed spin-off of our Timeshare division may not occur as or when planned or at all, or could result in issues we do not yet anticipate. Unanticipated developments could delay, prevent the
completion of, or otherwise adversely affect the proposed spin-off of our Timeshare division, including any problems or delays in obtaining financing for the new timeshare company, regulatory approvals, third-party consents, a favorable letter
ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or disruptions either in general market conditions or in the lodging or timeshare business. The transaction is also subject to final approval by our board of directors. Completion of the proposed spin-off
may require significant time, effort, and expense, and may divert management’s attention from other aspects of our business operations, which could adversely affect those operations. Any delays in completion of the proposed spin-off may
increase the amount of time, effort, and expense that we devote to the transaction. Moreover, we may not be able to complete the spin-off on the terms currently anticipated as a result of financing issues or accommodations we may have to make to
obtain the consent of regulators or other third parties. 

In addition, if we complete the proposed spin-off, the actual
results may differ materially from the results we anticipate. Specifically, the proposed transaction could adversely affect our relationships with our customers or employees (including those of the Timeshare division) or disrupt our operations. The
separated businesses could also face unanticipated problems in operating independently, and thus may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the separation. 

Operational Risks 

Our lodging operations are subject to global,
regional and national conditions. Because we conduct our business on a global platform, our activities are susceptible to changes in the performance of both global and regional 

17 

Table of Contents

economies. In recent years, our business has been hurt by decreases in travel resulting from weak economic conditions and the heightened travel security measures that have resulted from the
threat of further terrorism. Our future economic performance could be similarly affected by the economic environment in each of the regions in which we operate, the resulting unknown pace of business travel, and the occurrence of any future
incidents in those regions. 

The growing significance of our operations outside of the United States also makes us
increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits or disrupt our business. We currently operate or franchise hotels and resorts in 70 countries, and
our operations outside the United States represented approximately 16 percent of our revenues in 2010. We expect that the international share of our total revenues will increase in future years. As a result, we are increasingly exposed to a number
of challenges and risks associated with doing business outside the United States, including the following, any of which could reduce our revenues or profits, increase our costs, or disrupt our business: (1) compliance with complex and changing
laws, regulations and policies of governments that may impact our operations, including foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, and trade restrictions; (2) compliance with U.S. laws that affect the activities of U.S.
companies abroad; (3) limitations on our ability to repatriate non-U.S. earnings in a tax effective manner; (4) the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (5) uncertainties as to
the enforceability of contract and intellectual property rights under local laws; and (6) rapid changes in government policy, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation.

Our new programs and new branded products may not be successful. We cannot assure that our recently launched EDITION
and Autograph Collection brands and Marriott Vacation Club Destination points-based timeshare program, the expected launch of AC Hotels by Marriott, or any new programs or products we may launch in the future will be accepted by hotel owners,
potential franchisees, or the traveling public or other customers. We also cannot be certain that we will recover the costs we incurred in developing the brands or any new programs or products, or that the brands or any new programs or products will
be successful. In addition, some of our new brands involve or may involve cooperation and/or consultation with one or more third parties, including some shared control over product design and development, sales and marketing, and brand standards.
Disagreements with these third parties could slow the development of these new brands and/or impair our ability to take actions we believe to be advisable for the success and profitability of such brands. 

Risks relating to natural or man-made disasters, contagious disease, terrorist activity, and war could reduce the demand for lodging,
which may adversely affect our revenues. So called “Acts of God,” such as hurricanes, earthquakes, and other natural disasters, man-made disasters such as the recent oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, and the spread of contagious
diseases, such as H1N1 Flu, Avian Flu, and SARS, in locations where we own, manage or franchise significant properties, and areas of the world from which we draw a large number of customers could cause a decline in the level of business and leisure
travel and reduce the demand for lodging. Actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, and other geopolitical uncertainty could have a similar effect. Any one or more of these events may reduce the overall demand for
hotel rooms, timeshare units, and corporate apartments or limit the prices that we are able to obtain for them, both of which could adversely affect our profits. 

Disagreements with the owners of the hotels that we manage or franchise may result in litigation or may delay implementation of product or service initiatives. Consistent with our focus on
management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. The nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise
agreements may be subject to interpretation and will from time to time give rise to disagreements, which may include disagreements over the need for or payment for new product or service initiatives. Such disagreements may be more likely while hotel
returns are weaker as a result of the 2008 – 2009 economic slow down. We seek to resolve any disagreements in order to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners and joint venture partners but are not always
able to do so. Failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in litigation, and could do so in the future. If any such litigation results in a significant adverse judgment, settlement or court order, we could suffer significant losses, our
profits could be reduced, or our future ability to operate our business could be constrained. 

Damage to, or other
potential losses involving, properties that we own, manage or franchise may not be covered by insurance. We have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary.
Market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. Certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes,
hurricanes and floods, or terrorist acts, may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. As a result, we may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. In addition, in the
event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or 

18 

Table of Contents

that of hotel owners or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. As a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the
anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations related to the property. 

Development and Financing Risks 

While w
e are predominantly a
manager and franchisor of hotel properties, we depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels and to develop timeshare properties, and we or our hotel owners may be unable to access capital when necessary. In order to fund new hotel
investments, as well as refurbish and improve existing hotels, both the Company and current and potential hotel owners must periodically spend money. The availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and
potential hotel owners depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors, over which we can exert little control. Instability in the financial markets following the 2008 worldwide financial crisis and the contraction of available
liquidity and leverage continue to constrain the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. In addition, owners of existing hotels that we franchise or manage may have difficulty meeting required debt service payments or refinancing
loans at maturity. While lenders have shown a willingness to work with borrowers to extend relief in the short- to medium- term, some current and prospective hotel owners are still finding new hotel financing on commercially viable terms to be
challenging. 

Our growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third
parties may be less favorable. Our present growth strategy for development of additional lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. The terms of our management agreements, franchise
agreements, and leases for each of our lodging facilities are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. We cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to enter into
future collaborations, renew agreements, or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today. 

Our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. Our ability to sustain continued growth through management or
franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised Marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. These include
site availability, financing, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply,
territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, and anticipated room rate structure. 

Our development activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. We develop new hotel, timeshare interval, fractional ownership, and residential properties, both directly and
through partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures with third parties. As demonstrated by the 2009 impairment charges associated with our Timeshare business, our ongoing involvement in the development of properties presents a number
of risks, including that: (1) continued weakness in the capital markets may limit our ability, or that of third parties with whom we do business, to raise capital for completion of projects that have commenced or for development of future