.

        There are a number of business risks and uncertainties that could affect our business. These risks and uncertainties could cause our
actual results to differ from past performance or expected results. We consider the following risks and uncertainties to be most relevant to our specific business activities. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe to be immaterial, also may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A significant portion of our business relies on home improvement and new home construction activity, both of which are cyclical.

        A significant portion of our business relies on home improvement, including spending on repair and remodeling projects, and new home
construction activity, principally in North America and Europe. Macroeconomic conditions including consumer confidence levels, fluctuations in home prices, unemployment and underemployment levels, and
the availability of home equity loans and mortgages and the interest rates for such loans, affect both consumers' discretionary spending on home improvement projects as well as new home construction
activity. Adverse changes or uncertainty regarding these macroeconomic conditions could result in a decline in spending on home improvement projects and a decline in demand for new home construction,
both of which could adversely affect our results of operations and our financial position. While improving, both new home construction and consumer spending for big ticket remodeling projects
continues to be well below historic average levels, which affect our results of operations. 

If we do not maintain strong brands or respond to changing consumer preferences and purchasing practices, we could lose share and our results could be adversely affected.

        Our competitive advantage is due, in part, to our ability to maintain our strong brands and to develop and introduce innovative new and
improved products. While we continue to invest in brand building and brand awareness, these initiatives may not be successful. The uncertainties associated with developing and introducing new and
improved products, such as gauging changing consumer preferences and successfully developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling these products, may impact the success of our product introductions.
If we do not introduce new or improved products in a timely manner or if these products do not gain widespread acceptance, we could lose share, which could negatively impact our operating results. 

        The
volatile and challenging economic environment of recent years has caused shifts in consumer preferences and purchasing practices and changes in the business models and strategies of
our customers. For example, consumers are increasingly using the internet and mobile technology to research home improvement products and to inform and enhance their purchasing and ownership
experience for these products, particularly with consumer-initiated messaging. E-business is a rapidly developing area, and development of a successful e-business strategy involves significant time,
investment and resources. If we are unable to successfully execute our e-business strategy, our brands may lose share. 

        Similarly,
the quantity, type and prices of products demanded by consumers and our customers have shifted. For example, demand has increased for multi-family housing units such as
apartments and condominiums, which typically have smaller kitchens and smaller and fewer bathrooms, each with fewer cabinets and faucets, as well less insulation, than single-family houses. While the
economy is recovering, we are experiencing growth in certain channels for lower price point products. These shifts have negatively impacted our sales and/or our profitability, and it is uncertain
whether these shifts represent long-term changes in consumer preferences. 

        If
we do not timely and effectively identify and respond to these changing consumer preferences and purchasing practices, our relationships with our customers and with consumers could be
harmed, the 

8

Table of Contents

demand
for our brands and products could be reduced and our results of operations could be negatively affected. 

Our actions to improve our underperforming businesses have been costly and may not yield all of the anticipated benefits.

        The downturn in home improvement and new home construction activity during the recent recession impacted our results, particularly in
our Cabinets and Related Products and Installation and Other Services segments and certain businesses in our Plumbing Products segment. In response, we implemented initiatives to reduce costs and
increase sales; however, there is no assurance that our efforts will yield all of the anticipated benefits. Our cost-saving initiatives, including rationalizing our businesses, closing plants and
reducing headcount have been complex, time-consuming and expensive. The consolidation of our North American Cabinet businesses, in particular, has involved the integration of multiple manufacturing
processes and information technology platforms. While we have experienced positive results from these initiatives, there is no assurance that these benefits will continue. 

        Our
strategy to increase our sales in the Cabinets and Related Products segment through brand building and new product introductions requires time to develop, implement and assess.
Further, this segment faces pricing pressures, competition from low-cost manufacturers and a shift in the mix of products in certain channels to more value-priced products. If we cannot successfully
implement
these initiatives or respond to these changing market dynamics, our results of operations may continue to be negatively impacted. 

        Further,
if the economy recovers faster than expected, we may not be able to increase our manufacturing and installation capacity to support demand, which could result in lost share and,
ultimately, could negatively impact our operating results. 

Our sales are concentrated with two significant customers.

        The size and importance of individual customers to our businesses continues to increase. In 2013, sales to our largest customer, The
Home Depot, were $2.3 billion (approximately 28 percent of consolidated net sales). Lowe's is our second largest customer. In 2013, sales to Lowe's were less than ten percent of our
consolidated net sales. These home center customers may reduce the number of vendors they purchase from and can make significant changes in their volume of purchases. Additionally, home centers can
significantly affect the prices we receive for our products and services, our cost of doing business with them and the terms and conditions on which we do business. Although homebuilders, dealers and
other retailers represent other channels of distribution for our products and services, the loss of a substantial portion of our sales to The Home Depot or the loss of our sales to Lowe's would have a
material adverse effect on our business. 

        Further,
as some of our customers expand their markets and their targeted customers, conflicts between our existing distribution channels have and will continue to occur, which could
impact our results of operations. In addition, we may undermine the business relationships we have with our current customers if we increase the amount of business we transact directly with consumers.
In addition, our large retail customers are increasingly requesting product exclusivity, which may affect our ability to offer products to other customers and may diminish our ability to leverage
economies of scale. 

We face significant competition.

        Our products and services face significant competition. We believe that we compete on the basis of price, product and service quality,
brand reputation, customer service
and product features and innovation. Home centers continue to purchase select products in our segments directly from low-cost foreign manufacturers for sale as private label and house brand
merchandise. Additionally, home 

9

Table of Contents

centers,
which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail consumers and remodelers, are increasingly marketing directly to professional contractors and installers, which may impact
our margins on our products that contractors and installers would otherwise buy through our dealers and wholesalers. 

        In
our other distribution channels, we compete with foreign manufacturers in a variety of our product groups. These foreign manufacturers are putting downward pressures on price,
particularly in the emerging markets we are entering. In some of our segments, we are experiencing a shift in the mix of products we sell toward more value-priced or opening price point products,
which may impact our ability to maintain or gain share and our profitability. 

        Our
ability to maintain our competitive position in our industries and to grow our businesses depends upon successfully maintaining our relationships with major customers, implementing
growth strategies and entering new geographic areas, including successful international penetration, developing a successful e-business strategy, maintaining strong brands, managing our cost
structure, accommodating shorter life-cycles for our products, and developing and innovating products, none of which is assured. 

If we experience increased commodity costs or limited availability of commodities, our operating results could be negatively impacted.

        We buy various commodities to manufacture our products, including, among others, wood, brass (made of copper and zinc), titanium
dioxide and resins. Fluctuations in the availability and prices of these commodities could increase our costs to manufacture our products. Further, increases in energy costs could increase our
production costs as well as our transportation costs, each of which could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results. 

        It
has been, and likely will continue to be, difficult for us to pass on to customers cost increases to cover our increased commodity and production costs. Our existing arrangements with
customers, competitive considerations and customer resistance to price increases may delay or make us unable to adjust selling prices. If we are not able to increase the prices of our products or
achieve cost savings to offset increased commodity and production costs, our financial condition and operating results could be negatively impacted. If we are able to increase our selling prices,
sustained price increases for our products may lead to sales declines and loss of share, particularly if our competitors do not increase their prices. When commodity prices decline, we may receive
pressure from our customers to reduce our prices. 

        To
minimize price volatility associated with certain anticipated commodity purchases, we use derivative instruments, including commodity futures and swaps. This strategy may increase the
possibility that we may make commitments to purchase these commodities at prices that subsequently exceed their market prices, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating
results. 

We are dependent on third-party suppliers and manufacturers, and the loss of a key supplier or manufacturer could negatively affect our operating results.

        Our ability to offer a wide variety of products depends on our ability to obtain an adequate supply of products and components from
manufacturers and other suppliers. We rely heavily or, in certain cases, exclusively, on third-party suppliers for some of our products and key components. Failure by our suppliers to provide us
quality products on commercially reasonable terms, or to comply with applicable legal requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. Resourcing
these products and components to another supplier could take time and involve significant costs. Accordingly, the loss of a key supplier, or a substantial decrease in the availability of products or
components from our suppliers, could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operating results. 

        Further,
we manufacture products in Asia and source products and components from third parties in Asia. The distances involved in these arrangements, together with differences in
business practices, 

10

Table of Contents

shipping
and delivery requirements, the limited number of suppliers, and laws and regulations, have increased the complexity of our supply chain logistics and the potential for interruptions in our
production scheduling. If we are unable to effectively manage our supply chain, our operating results could be negatively affected. 

International political, monetary, economic and social developments affect our business.

        Approximately 20 percent of our sales are made outside of North America (principally in Europe) and are transacted in currencies
other than U.S. dollars (principally the Euro and the British pound sterling). Increased international sales make up an important part of our future strategic plans. In addition, we manufacture
products in Asia and source products, components and raw materials from third parties in Asia. We face risks associated with changes in political, monetary, economic and social environments, labor
conditions and practices, the laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments, cultural differences and differences in enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. U.S. laws and
regulations affecting activities of U.S. companies doing business abroad, including tax laws, laws regulating various business practices, and trade regulations which may include duties and tariffs can
also impact us. Our international operating results may also be influenced by economic conditions in Europe. The financial reporting of our consolidated operating results is affected by fluctuations
in currency exchange rates, which may present challenges in comparing operating performance from period to period. 

The long-term performance of our businesses relies on our ability to attract, develop and retain talented personnel.

        To be successful, we must attract, develop and retain highly qualified and talented personnel who have the experience, knowledge and
expertise to successfully implement our key business strategies. We compete for employees with a broad range of employers in many different industries, including large multinational firms, and we
invest significant resources in recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining them. The failure to attract and retain key employees, or to develop effective succession planning to assure smooth
transitions of those employees and the knowledge and expertise they possess, could negatively affect our competitive position and our operating results. Further, as the economy continues to recover,
if we are unable to recruit, train and retain sufficient skilled labor, we may not be able to adequately satisfy increased demand for our products and services, which could impact our operating
results. 

Claims and litigation could be costly.

        We are, from time to time, involved in various claims, litigation matters and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course
of our business and which could have a material adverse effect on us. These matters may include contract disputes, automobile liability and other personal injury claims, warranty disputes,
environmental claims or proceedings, other tort claims, employment and tax matters and other proceedings and litigation, including class actions. 

        We
are subject to product safety regulations, recalls and direct claims for product liability that can result in significant liability and, regardless of the ultimate outcome, can be
costly to defend or manage. Also, we rely on other manufacturers to provide us with products or components for products that we sell. Due to the difficulty of controlling the quality of products or
components sourced from other manufacturers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such products and to limitations on our recourse against such suppliers. 

        We
have also experienced class action lawsuits in recent years predicated upon claims for antitrust violations, product liability and wage and hour issues. We have generally denied
liability and have vigorously defended these cases. Due to their scope and complexity, however, these lawsuits can be 

11

Table of Contents

particularly
costly to defend and resolve, and we have and may continue to incur significant costs as a result of these types of lawsuits. 

        Our
homebuilder customers are subject to construction defect and home warranty claims in the ordinary course of their business. Our contractual arrangements with these customers may
include our agreement to defend and indemnify them against various liabilities. These claims, often asserted several years after completion of construction, can result in complex lawsuits or claims
against the homebuilders and many of their subcontractors, including us, and may require us to incur defense and indemnity costs even when our products or services are not the principal basis for the
claims. 

        Although
we intend to defend all claims and litigation matters vigorously, given the inherently unpredictable nature of claims and litigation, we cannot predict with certainty the
outcome or effect of any claim or litigation matter. 

        We
maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks of loss resulting from claims and litigation. We may elect not to obtain insurance if we believe the cost of available
insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. The levels of insurance we maintain may not be adequate to fully cover any and all losses or liabilities. If any significant accident, judgment,
claim or other event is not fully insured or indemnified against, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        See
Note U to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information about litigation involving our businesses. 

If we are required to take additional significant non-cash charges, our financial resources could be reduced and our financial flexibility may be negatively affected.

        We have recorded significant goodwill and other intangible assets related to prior business combinations on our balance sheet. The
valuation of these assets is largely dependent upon the expectations for future performance of our businesses. In recent years, we have recorded significant non-cash impairment charges for financial
investments, goodwill and other intangible assets. While new home construction and home improvement activity are improving, the extent of the recovery remains uncertain. 

        Expectations
about the recovery may impact whether we are required to recognize additional non-cash, pre-tax impairment charges for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets
or other long-lived assets. If the value of our goodwill or other intangible assets is further impaired, our earnings and shareholders' equity would be adversely affected. 

        We
have also recorded a valuation allowance related to our deferred tax assets. A return to sustainable profitability in our U.S. operations is required before we would change our
judgment regarding the need for this valuation allowance. While we believe that we may reverse all or a portion of the valuation allowance as early as the second half of 2014, this is not assured.
Until such time, the profits from our U.S. operations will be offset by the net operating loss carryforward, resulting in a lower U.S. effective tax rate than we would normally incur. 

        Further,
our credit agreement contains financial covenants we must comply with, including covenants regarding limits on our debt to total capitalization ratio. If we are required to
record additional non-cash impairment charges, our shareholders' equity would be reduced, and our borrowing capacity under our credit agreement may be limited. In the past we have negotiated
amendments to our credit agreement to allow for the add-back to shareholders' equity for impairment charges we have taken. There can be no assurance that in the future we would be able to further
amend our credit agreement, that alternative financing would be available on acceptable terms and at acceptable rates, or that we would be permitted to obtain alternative financing under the terms of
our existing financing arrangements. 

12

Table of Contents 

Compliance with government regulation and industry standards could impact our capital expenditures and operating results.

        We are subject to U.S. and foreign government regulations, particularly those pertaining to health and safety (including protection of
employees and consumers), climate disruption and environmental issues. In addition to complying with current requirements and requirements that will become effective at a future date, even more
stringent requirements could be imposed on our industries in the future. Additionally, some of our products must be certified by industry organizations. Compliance with these regulations and industry
standards may require us to alter our manufacturing and installation processes and our sourcing, which could adversely impact our competitive position. Further, if we do not effectively and timely
comply with such regulations and industry standards, our operating results could be negatively affected.