. 

There are a number
of business risks and uncertainties that could affect our business. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ from past performance or expected results. 

7 

Table of Contents

We consider the following risks and uncertainties to be most relevant to our specific business activities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently
believe to be immaterial, also may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A significant portion of
our business relies on home improvement and new home construction activity, both of which remain at low levels. 

A significant
portion of our business relies on home improvement (including repair and remodel) and new home construction activity, principally in North America and Europe. The economic decline in the past four years adversely affected our home improvement
businesses. Persistent low levels of consumer confidence and depressed home prices, and elevated levels of unemployment and underemployment, have limited consumers’ discretionary spending and have made consumers reluctant to make investments in
existing homes, including large kitchen and bath remodeling projects. The significant number of households with negative equity in their homes, and more conservative residential lending practices for home equity loans often used to finance repairs
and remodeling, have limited the ability of consumers to finance home improvements. Additionally, sales of existing homes, which significantly impact our home improvement business, continue to be below normal levels. New home construction is
cyclical in nature. Although home construction is improving and is expected to continue to improve, the demand for new homes remains below the historic average, and stringent standards continue to be imposed on homebuyers seeking financing.

We cannot predict the type or timing of a recovery in home improvement, nor the strength of a recovery in new home construction.
Depressed consumer spending for home improvements and continued below-normal levels of new home construction may adversely affect our results of operations and our financial position. 

Continued uncertainty regarding an economic recovery could result in our taking additional significant non-cash charges, which may reduce our financial resources and flexibility and could negatively
affect our earnings and reduce shareholders’ equity. 

We have recorded significant goodwill and other intangible assets related
to prior business combinations on our balance sheet. The valuation of these assets is largely dependent upon the expectations for future performance of our businesses. In recent years, we have recorded significant non-cash impairment charges for
financial investments, goodwill and other intangible assets. We have also recorded valuation allowances related to our deferred tax assets. A further decline in the expectation of our future performance, or a further deterioration in expectations
regarding the timing and the extent of the recovery of new home construction and home improvement, may cause us to recognize additional non-cash, pre-tax impairment charges for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets or other
long-lived assets, which are not determinable at this time. If the value of goodwill or other intangible assets is impaired, our earnings and shareholders’ equity would be adversely affected. 

Further, our credit agreement contains financial covenants we must comply with, including covenants regarding limits on our debt to total
capitalization ratio. If we are required to record additional non-cash impairment charges, our shareholders’ equity would be reduced, and our borrowing capacity under our credit agreement may be limited. In the past we have negotiated
amendments to our credit agreement to allow for the add-back to shareholders’ equity for impairment charges we have taken. There can be no assurance that in the future we would be able to further amend our credit agreement, that alternative
financing would be available on acceptable terms and at acceptable rates, or that we would be permitted to obtain alternative financing under the terms of our existing financing arrangements. 

8 

Table of Contents

If we do not maintain strong brands or respond to changing consumer preferences and purchasing practices,
we could lose share and our results could be adversely affected. 

Our competitive advantage is due, in part, to our ability to
maintain our strong brands and to develop and introduce innovative new and improved products. While we continue to invest in brand building and brand awareness, these initiatives may not be successful. The uncertainties associated with developing
and introducing new and improved products, such as gauging changing consumer preferences and successfully developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling these products, may impact the success of our product introductions. If our new or improved
products do not gain widespread acceptance, we could lose share, which could negatively impact our operating results. 

Further, the
volatile and challenging economic environment of recent years has caused shifts in consumer preferences and purchasing practices and changes in the business models and strategies of our customers. Such shifts have altered the quantity, type and
prices of products demanded by the end-consumer and our customers. For example, the size of new homes has decreased, and demand has increased for multi-family housing units such as apartments and condominiums, which are often smaller than
single-family housing units. The effect of these trends has resulted in smaller kitchens and smaller and fewer bathrooms, each with fewer cabinets and faucets, as well as the use of less insulation. We have experienced a negative mix shift for
certain products, with consumers demanding more value-priced products and fewer higher margin products. All of these shifts have negatively impacted our sales and profitability, and it is uncertain whether these shifts represent long-term changes in
consumer preferences. 

Consumers are increasingly using the internet and mobile technology to research home improvement products and
enhance their purchasing and ownership experience for these products. E-commerce is a rapidly developing area, and development of a successful e-commerce strategy involves significant time and resources. If we are unable to successfully execute our
e-commerce strategies, our brands may lose share. 

If we do not timely and effectively identify and respond to these changing consumer
preferences and purchasing practices, our relationships with our customers could be harmed, the demand for our brands and products could be reduced and our results of operations could be negatively affected. 

Our actions to improve our underperforming businesses have been costly and may not be effective. 

The downturn in home improvement and new home construction activity in the past four years has impacted our results, particularly in our Cabinets
and Related Products and our Installation and Other Services segments and in our European cabinet businesses. Further, the economic decline has also negatively affected certain businesses in our Plumbing Products segment. There is no assurance that
our efforts to improve these underperforming businesses through initiatives to reduce costs and increase sales will be successful. Our cost-saving initiatives, including rationalizing our businesses, closing plants, reducing headcount and
implementing new systems, have been complex, time-consuming and expensive. The consolidation of our North American Cabinet businesses, in particular, has involved the integration of multiple manufacturing processes and information technology
platforms. If we cannot successfully implement these cost-saving initiatives, we may not fully achieve their anticipated benefits. 

Our
strategy to increase our sales in the Cabinets and Related Products segment through brand building, new product introductions and product innovation requires time to develop, implement and assess. Further, this segment faces significant pricing and
promotional pressures. We have also taken several actions to improve the operations of our European cabinet businesses. If we cannot successfully implement these initiatives at all of our Cabinet businesses, our results of operations may continue to
be negatively impacted. 

9 

Table of Contents

Further, if the eventual economic recovery is fast-paced and robust, we may not be able to ramp up our
reduced manufacturing and installation capacity in a timely fashion, and our ability to respond to increased demand could be limited, which could result in lost share and, ultimately, could negatively impact our operating results. 

We rely on key customers and may encounter conflicts within and between our distribution channels. 

The size and importance of individual customers to our businesses has increased as customers in our major distribution channels have consolidated or
exited the business. In 2012, sales to our largest customer, The Home Depot, were $2.1 billion (approximately 28 percent of consolidated net sales). Lowe’s is our second largest customer. In 2012, sales to Lowe’s were less than ten percent
of our consolidated net sales. These home center customers may reduce the number of vendors they purchase from and can make significant changes in their volume of purchases. Additionally, home centers can significantly affect the prices we receive
for our products and services, our cost of doing business with them, and the terms and conditions on which we do business. Although homebuilders, dealers and other retailers represent other channels of distribution for our products and services, the
loss of a substantial portion of our sales to The Home Depot or the loss of our sales to Lowe’s would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

As some of our customers expand their markets and their targeted customers, conflicts between our existing distribution channels have and will continue to occur, which could impact our results of operations. In
addition, we may undermine the business relationships we have with customers who purchase our products through traditional wholesale channels as we increase the amount of business we transact directly with our customers. In addition, our large
retail customers are increasingly requesting product exclusivity, which may affect our ability to offer products to other customers and may diminish our ability to leverage economies of scale. 

We face significant competition. 

Our products and services face significant competition, and this competition is further intensified during economic downturns. We believe that we
compete on the basis of price, product and service quality, brand reputation, customer service and product features and innovation. Some home centers are increasing their purchases of select products in our segments directly from low-cost foreign
manufacturers for sale as private label and house brand merchandise. Additionally, home centers, which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail consumers and remodelers, are increasingly marketing directly to professional
contractors and installers, which may impact our margins on our products that contractors and installers would otherwise buy through our dealers and wholesalers. 

In our other distribution channels, we compete with foreign manufacturers in a variety of our product groups. These foreign manufacturers are putting downward pressures on price, particularly in the emerging
markets we are entering. In our Cabinets and Related Products segment, we have experienced significant competition in the form of promotional pricing, discounts, and new product offerings by our competitors, which have impacted our results of
operations. In some of our segments, we are also experiencing a shift in the mix of products we sell toward more value-priced or opening price point products, which may impact our ability to maintain or gain share and our profitability. 

Our ability to maintain our competitive position in our industries and to grow our businesses depends upon successfully maintaining our
relationships with major customers, implementing growth strategies and entering new geographic areas, including successful international penetration, capitalizing on and strengthening our brands, managing our cost structure, accommodating shorter
life-cycles for our products, and developing and innovating products, none of which is assured. 

10 

Table of Contents

Increased commodity costs and limited availability of commodities could affect our operating results.

We buy various commodities to manufacture our products, including, among others, wood, brass (made of copper and zinc), titanium
dioxide and resins. Fluctuations in the availability and prices of these commodities could increase our costs to manufacture our products. Further, increases in energy costs not only increase our production costs, but also the cost to transport our
products, each of which could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results. 

It has been, and likely will continue to
be, difficult for us to pass on to customers cost increases to cover our increased commodity and production costs. Our existing arrangements with customers, competitive considerations and customer resistance to price increases may delay or make us
unable to adjust selling prices. If we are not able to increase the prices of our products or achieve cost savings to offset increased commodity and production costs, our financial condition and operating results could be negatively impacted. If we
are able to increase our selling prices, sustained price increases for our products may lead to sales declines and loss of share, particularly if our competitors do not increase their prices. When commodity prices decline, we may receive pressure
from our customers to reduce prices for our products and services. 

To reduce the price volatility associated with certain anticipated
commodity purchases, we use derivative instruments, including commodity futures and swaps. We may incur net substantial costs as part of our strategy to hedge against price volatility of certain commodities we purchase and we may make commitments to
purchase these commodities at prices that subsequently exceed their market prices, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

We are dependent on third-party suppliers and manufacturers, and the loss of a key supplier or manufacturer could negatively affect our operating results. 

Our ability to offer a wide variety of products depends on our ability to obtain an adequate supply of products and components from manufacturers
and other suppliers. We rely heavily or, in certain cases, exclusively, on outside suppliers for some of our products and key components. Failure by our suppliers to provide us quality products on commercially reasonable terms, or to comply with
legal requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. Resourcing these products and components to another supplier could take time and involve significant costs. Accordingly, the loss of a key
supplier, or a substantial decrease in the availability of products or components from our suppliers, could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operating results. 

Further, we manufacture products in Asia and source products and components from third parties in Asia. The distances involved in these arrangements, together with differences in business practices, shipping and
delivery requirements, the limited number of suppliers, and laws and regulations, have increased the difficulty of managing our supply chain, the complexity of our supply chain logistics and the potential for interruptions in our production
scheduling. If we are unable to effectively manage our supply chain, our operating results could be negatively affected. 

International
political, monetary, economic and social developments affect our business. 

Over 20 percent of our sales are made outside of
North America (principally in Europe) and are transacted in currencies other than U.S. dollars (principally the euro and the British pound sterling). Increased international sales make up an important part of our future strategic plans. In
addition, we manufacture products in Asia and source products and components from third parties in Asia. Our international business faces risks associated with changes in political, monetary, economic and social environments, labor conditions and
practices, the laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments, cultural differences and differences in enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. U.S. laws and regulations affecting activities of U.S. companies doing
business abroad, 

11 

Table of Contents

including tax laws, laws regulating various business practices, and trade regulations which may include duties and tariffs can also impact our international business. Our international operating
results may be influenced by economic conditions in Europe, including uncertainty regarding the European sovereign debt crisis, and competitive pricing pressures on certain products. The financial reporting of our consolidated operating results is
affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may present challenges in comparing operating performance from period to period and in forecasting future performance. 

We have investments in financial assets, including assets that are not readily marketable and involve financial risk. 

We continue to reduce our investment in private equity funds. Since there is no active trading market for investments in private equity funds, they are for the most part illiquid. These investments, by their
nature, can also have a relatively higher degree of business risk, including financial leverage, than other financial investments. Future changes in market conditions, the future performance of the underlying investments or new information provided
by private equity fund managers could affect the recorded values of such investments or the amounts realized upon liquidation. 

Claims and
litigation could be costly. 

We are, from time to time, involved in various claims, litigation matters and regulatory proceedings
that arise in the ordinary course of our business and which could have a material adverse effect on us. These matters may include contract disputes, automobile liability and other personal injury claims, warranty disputes, environmental claims or
proceedings, other tort claims, employment and tax matters and other proceedings and litigation, including class actions. 

We are subject
to product safety regulations, recalls and direct claims for product liability that can result in significant liability and, regardless of the ultimate outcome, can be costly to defend or manage. Also, we increasingly rely on other manufacturers to
provide us with products or components for products that we sell. Due to the difficulty of controlling the quality of products or components sourced from other manufacturers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such products and to
limitations on our recourse against such suppliers. 

We have also experienced class action lawsuits in recent years predicated upon
claims for antitrust violations, product liability and wage and hour issues. We have generally denied liability and have vigorously defended these cases. Due to their scope and complexity, however, these lawsuits can be particularly costly to defend
and resolve, and we have and may continue to incur significant costs as a result of these types of lawsuits. 

Increasingly, our
homebuilder customers are subject to construction defect and home warranty claims in the ordinary course of their business. Our contractual arrangements with these customers may include our agreement to defend and indemnify them against various
liabilities. These claims, often asserted several years after completion of construction, can result in complex lawsuits or claims against the homebuilders and many of their subcontractors, including us, and may require us to incur defense and
indemnity costs even when our products or services are not the principal basis for the claims. 

Although we intend to defend all claims
and litigation matters vigorously, given the inherently unpredictable nature of claims and litigation, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any claim or litigation matter. 

We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks of loss resulting from claims and litigation. We may elect not to obtain insurance
if we believe the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. The levels of insurance we maintain may not be adequate to 

12 

Table of Contents

fully cover any and all losses or liabilities. If any significant accident, judgment, claim or other event is not fully insured or indemnified against, it could have a material adverse impact on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

See Note T to the consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8 of this Report for additional information about litigation involving our businesses. 

Compliance with government regulation and industry
standards could impact our capital expenditures and operating results. 

We are subject to U.S. and foreign government regulations,
particularly those pertaining to health and safety (including protection of employees and consumers), climate disruption and environmental issues. In addition to complying with current requirements and requirements that will become effective at a
future date, even more stringent requirements could be imposed on our industries in the future. Additionally, some of our products must be certified by industry organizations. Compliance with these regulations and industry standards may require us
to alter our manufacturing and installation processes and our sourcing, which could adversely impact our competitive position. Further, if we do not effectively and timely comply with such regulations and industry standards, our operating results
could be negatively affected. 

The long-term performance of our businesses relies on our ability to attract, develop and retain talented
personnel. 

To be successful, we must attract, develop and retain highly qualified and talented personnel who have the experience,
knowledge and expertise to successfully implement our key business strategies, particularly our international business expansion and the development of e-commerce capabilities. We compete for employees with a broad range of employers in many
different industries, including large multinational firms, and we invest significant resources in recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining them. The failure to attract, develop, motivate and retain key employees could negatively affect our
competitive position and our operating results. Further, as the housing market recovers, if we are unable to recruit, train and retain sufficient skilled labor, we may not be able to adequately satisfy increased demand for our products and services,
which could impact our operating results.