. 

There are a
number of business risks and uncertainties that could affect our business. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ from past performance or expected results. We consider the following risks and uncertainties to be most
relevant to our specific business activities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe to be immaterial, also may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

A significant portion of our business relies on home improvement and new home construction activity levels, both of which are experiencing
a prolonged and substantial downturn. 

A significant portion of our business relies on home improvement (including repair and
remodel) and new home construction activity levels, principally in North America and Europe. The current economic decline has adversely affected our home improvement businesses. Continued low levels of consumer confidence, high levels of
unemployment, and the downward pressure on home prices have limited consumers’ discretionary spending and have made consumers reluctant to make additional investments in existing homes, including large kitchen and bath remodeling projects. The
increasing number of households with negative equity in their homes, and more conservative residential lending practices for home equity loans that are often used to finance repairs and remodeling, are limiting the ability of consumers to finance
home improvements. Additionally, sales of existing homes, which significantly impact our home improvement business, have decreased significantly in the past few years. 

New home construction, which is cyclical in nature, is experiencing a prolonged and substantial downturn marked by continued softness in the demand for new homes, an oversupply of existing

8 

Table of Contents

homes on the market and more stringent standards for homebuyers seeking financing. The oversupply of existing homes held for sale is exacerbated by slower household formation growth rates, the
significant number of short sales and home mortgage foreclosures, as well as uncertainties in the home foreclosure process, all of which continue to contribute to the downward pressure on home prices. Further, the expiration or scaling back of
homebuyer tax credits and other government programs has also negatively impacted home sales. It is uncertain when, and to what extent, these trends and factors might reverse or improve. 

Although we believe that the long-term outlook for home improvement and new home construction is favorable, we cannot predict the type, timing or
strength of a recovery in these areas. The large number of borrowers who remain at risk of potentially losing their homes through foreclosures or short sales, coupled with the voluntary and involuntary halts of foreclosure proceedings by lenders due
to legal challenges, could prolong the downturn in home improvement and new home construction activity. Prolonged depressed activity levels in consumer spending for home improvements and new home construction will continue to adversely affect our
results of operations and our financial position and may disproportionately affect our business segments that are most heavily dependent on new home construction and large consumer investments in home remodeling projects. 

The prolonged economic downturn could result in our taking additional significant non-cash charges, which may reduce our financial resources and
flexibility and could negatively affect our earnings and reduce shareholders’ equity. 

We have recorded significant goodwill and
other intangible assets related to prior business combinations on our balance sheet. The valuation of these assets is largely dependent upon the expectations for future performance of our businesses. In recent years, we have recorded significant
non-cash impairment charges for financial investments and goodwill and other intangible assets. We have also recorded a valuation allowance related to our deferred tax assets. A further decline in the expectation of our future performance, or a
further deterioration in expectations regarding the timing and the extent of the recovery of the new home construction and home improvement segments, may cause us to recognize additional non-cash, pre-tax impairment charges for goodwill and other
indefinite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets, which are not determinable at this time. If the value of goodwill or other intangible assets is impaired, our earnings and shareholders’ equity would be adversely affected.

Further, our credit agreement contains financial covenants we must comply with, including covenants regarding limits on our debt to
total capitalization ratio. If we are required to record additional non-cash impairment charges, which would reduce our shareholders’ equity, our borrowing capacity under our credit agreement may be limited. We recently amended our credit
agreement to allow for the add-back to shareholders’ equity for impairment charges we have taken. There can be no assurance that we would be able to further amend the credit agreement in the future or that alternative financing would be
available on acceptable terms and at acceptable rates, or that we would be permitted to obtain alternative financing under the terms of our existing financing arrangements. 

If we do not maintain strong brands, develop new products or respond to changing consumer preferences and purchasing practices, our results could be adversely affected. 

Our competitive advantage is due, in part, to our ability to maintain our strong brands and to develop and introduce innovative new and improved
products. We have increased our focus on investment in brand building and brand awareness, as well as new product development and product innovation. The uncertainties associated with developing and introducing new and improved products, such as
gauging changing consumer preferences and successfully developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling new or improved products may impact the success of our new product introductions. If our new products do not gain widespread market acceptance,
we could lose market share, which could negatively impact our operating results. 

9 

Table of Contents

Further, the volatile and challenging economic environment of recent years has caused shifts in
consumer preferences and purchasing practices and changes in the business models and strategies of our customers. For example, the size of new homes has decreased, and demand has increased for multi-family housing units such as apartments and
condominiums, which are often smaller than single-family housing units. The effect of these trends has resulted in smaller kitchens and smaller and fewer bathrooms, each with fewer cabinets and faucets, as well as the use of less insulation. Such
shifts, which may or may not be long-term, have altered the quantity, type and prices of products demanded by the end-consumer and our customers. Additionally, consumers are increasingly using the internet and mobile technology to research home
improvement products and enhance their purchasing experience for these products. If we do not timely and effectively identify and respond to these changing consumer preferences and purchasing practices, our relationships with our customers could be
harmed, the demand for our products could be reduced and our market share could be negatively affected. 

Our response to the prolonged
economic downturn has been to continue our focus on implementation of cost-savings initiatives, which have been costly and may not be effective. 

During the current downturn in home improvement and new home construction, we have focused on cost-saving initiatives, including rationalizing our businesses, particularly the consolidation of our cabinet
businesses, as well as plant closures, headcount reductions, and system implementations. 

The consolidation of our cabinet businesses has
involved the integration of multiple manufacturing processes and information technology platforms, which has been complex, time-consuming and expensive. If we cannot successfully implement this consolidation or our other cost-savings initiatives, or
if it becomes more expensive to make future cost-savings changes, we may not fully achieve the anticipated benefits from these initiatives. Further, if we do not effectively balance our focus on cost savings with the need to maintain a strong sales
presence for our brands, we could lose market share. In the future, we will need to continually evaluate our productivity to assess opportunities to reduce costs, and we may incur additional costs and charges relating to further cost-savings
initiatives. However, gaining additional efficiencies may become increasingly difficult over time. If the eventual recovery of our markets is fast-paced and robust, we may not be able to replace our reduced manufacturing and installation capacity in
a timely fashion and our ability to respond to increased demand could be limited, which could result in lost market share and, ultimately, could negatively impact our operating results. 

We rely on key customers and may encounter conflicts within and between our distribution channels. 

The size and importance of individual customers to our businesses has increased as customers in our major distribution channels have consolidated or exited the business. Larger customers can make significant
changes in their volume of purchases and can otherwise significantly affect the prices we receive for our products and services, our costs of doing business with them and the terms and conditions on which we do business. Sales of our home
improvement and building products to home centers are substantial. In 2011, sales to our largest customer, The Home Depot, were $2.0 billion (approximately 27 percent of our consolidated net sales). Lowe’s is our second largest customer.
In 2011, our sales to Lowe’s were less than ten percent of our consolidated net sales. Although homebuilders, dealers and other retailers represent other channels of distribution for our products and services, the loss of a substantial
portion of our sales to The Home Depot or the loss of our sales to Lowe’s would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

As
some of our customers expand their markets and their targeted customers, conflicts between our existing distribution channels have and will continue to occur. In addition, we may undermine the business relationships we have with customers who
purchase our products through traditional wholesale channels as we increase the amount of business we transact directly with our customers. In 

10 

Table of Contents

addition, our large retail customers are increasingly requesting product exclusivity, which may affect our ability to offer products to other customers and may diminish our ability to leverage
economies of scale. 

Our principal markets are highly competitive. 

The major geographic markets for our products and services are highly competitive. Competition is further intensified during economic downturns.
Home centers are increasing their purchases of products directly from low-cost overseas suppliers for sale as private label and house brand merchandise. Additionally, home centers, which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail
consumers and remodelers, are increasingly turning their marketing efforts directly toward professional contractors and installers. We believe that competition in our industries is based on price, product and service quality, brand reputation,
customer service and product features and innovation. 

In addition to the challenges we have faced as a result of the economic downturn,
our ability to maintain our competitive positions in our markets and to grow our businesses depends to a large extent upon successfully maintaining our relationships with major customers, implementing growth strategies in our existing markets and
entering new geographic markets, including successful penetration of international markets, capitalizing on and strengthening our brand names, managing our cost structure, accommodating shorter life-cycles for our products and product development
and innovation. 

Increased commodity costs and limited availability of commodities could affect our operating results. 

We buy various commodities to manufacture our products, including, among others, wood, brass (made of copper and zinc), titanium dioxide and resins.
Fluctuations in the availability and prices of these commodities could increase our costs to manufacture our products. Further, increases in energy costs not only increase our production costs, but also the cost to transport our products, each of
which could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results. 

It has been, and likely will continue to be, difficult for
us to pass on to customers cost increases to cover our increased commodity and production costs. Our existing arrangements with customers, competitive considerations and customer resistance to price increases may delay or make us unable to adjust
selling prices. If we are not able to increase the prices of our products or achieve cost savings to offset increased commodity and production costs, our financial condition and operating results could be negatively impacted. If we are able to
increase our selling prices, sustained price increases for our products may lead to sales declines and loss of market share, particularly if our competitors do not increase their prices. When commodity prices decline, we may receive pressure from
our customers to reduce prices for our products and services. 

To reduce the price volatility associated with certain anticipated
commodity purchases, we use derivative instruments, including commodity futures and swaps. We may incur net substantial costs as part of our strategy to hedge against price volatility of certain commodities we purchase and we may make commitments to
purchase these commodities at prices that subsequently exceed their market prices, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

We are dependent on third-party suppliers and manufacturers, and the loss of a key supplier or manufacturer could negatively affect our operating results. 

Our ability to offer a wide variety of products depends on our ability to obtain an adequate supply of products and components from manufacturers
and other suppliers. We rely heavily or, in certain cases, exclusively, on outside suppliers for some of our products and key components. Failure by our suppliers to provide us quality products on commercially reasonable terms, and to comply with
legal requirements for business practices, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or 

11 

Table of Contents

operating results. Although these products and components are generally obtainable in sufficient quantities from other sources, resourcing them to another supplier could take time and could
involve significant costs. Accordingly, the loss of a key supplier, or a substantial decrease in the availability of products or components from our suppliers, could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operating results. 

Further, we manufacture products in Asia and source products and components from third parties in Asia. The distances involved in these
arrangements, together with differences in business practices, shipping and delivery requirements, the limited number of suppliers, and laws and regulations, have increased the difficulty of managing our supply chain, the complexity of our supply
chain logistics and the potential for interruptions in our production scheduling. If we are unable to effectively manage our supply chain, our operating results could be negatively affected. 

International political, monetary, economic and social developments affect our business. 

Over 20 percent of our sales are made outside of North America (principally in Europe) and are transacted in currencies other than U.S. dollars (principally the euro and the British pound sterling).
Increased international sales make up an important part of our future strategic plans. In addition, we manufacture products in Asia and source products and components from third parties in Asia. Our international business faces risks associated with
changes in political, monetary, economic and social environments, labor conditions and practices, the laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments, cultural differences and differences in enforcement of contract and intellectual property
rights. U.S. laws affecting activities of U.S. companies doing business abroad, including tax laws and laws regulating various business practices, also impact our international business. Our international operating results may be
influenced, when compared to our North American results, in part by relative economic conditions in the European markets, including uncertainty regarding the European sovereign debt crisis, and competitive pricing pressures on certain products. The
financial reporting of our consolidated operating results is affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may present challenges in comparing operating performance from period to period and in forecasting future performance.

We have financial commitments and investments in financial assets, including assets that are not readily marketable and involve financial
risk. 

We continue to reduce our investment in private equity funds. Since there is no active trading market for investments in
private equity funds, they are for the most part illiquid. These investments, by their nature, can also have a relatively higher degree of business risk, including financial leverage, than other financial investments. Future changes in market
conditions, the future performance of the underlying investments or new information provided by private equity fund managers could affect the recorded values of such investments or the amounts realized upon liquidation. In addition, we have
commitments that require us to contribute additional capital to these private equity funds upon receipt of a capital call from the private equity fund. 

Claims and litigation could be costly. 

We are, from time to time, involved in
various claims, litigation matters and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business and which could have a material adverse effect on us. These matters may include contract disputes, automobile liability and other
personal injury claims, warranty disputes, environmental claims or proceedings, other tort claims, employment and tax matters and other proceedings and litigation, including class actions. 

We are subject to product safety regulations, recalls and direct claims for product liability that can result in significant liability and,
regardless of the ultimate outcome, can be costly to defend or manage. Also, we increasingly rely on other manufacturers to provide us with products or components for 

12 

Table of Contents

products that we sell. Due to the difficulty of controlling the quality of products or components sourced from other manufacturers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such
products and to limitations on our recourse against such suppliers. 

We have also experienced class action lawsuits in recent years
predicated upon claims for antitrust violations, product liability and wage and hour issues. We have generally denied liability and have vigorously defended these cases. Due to their scope and complexity, however, these lawsuits are particularly
costly to resolve and significant exposures have been alleged. 

Increasingly, our homebuilder customers are subject to construction
defect and home warranty claims in the ordinary course of their business. Our contractual arrangements with these customers may include our agreement to defend and indemnify them against various liabilities caused by our negligence. These claims,
often asserted several years after completion of construction, can result in complex lawsuits or claims against the homebuilders and many of their subcontractors, including us, and may require us to incur defense and indemnity costs even when our
products or services are not the principal basis for the claims. 

Although we intend to defend all claims and litigation matters
vigorously, given the inherently unpredictable nature of claims and litigation, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any claim or litigation matter. 

We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks of loss resulting from claims and litigation. We may elect not to obtain insurance if we believe the cost of available insurance is excessive relative
to the risks presented. The levels of insurance we maintain may not be adequate to fully cover any and all losses or liabilities. If any significant accident, judgment, claim or other event is not fully insured or indemnified against, it could have
a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

See Note S to the consolidated financial
statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information about litigation involving our businesses. 

Government and
industry responses to environmental and health and safety concerns could impact our capital expenditures and operating results. 

We
are subject to U.S. and foreign government regulations pertaining to health and safety (including protection of employees and consumers), climate disruption and environmental issues. In addition to complying with current requirements and
requirements that will become effective at a future date, even more stringent requirements could be imposed on our industries in the future. Additionally, some of our products must be certified by industry organizations. Compliance with these
regulations and industry standards may require us to alter our manufacturing and installation processes and our sourcing, which could adversely impact our competitive position. Further, if we do not effectively and timely comply with such
regulations and industry standards, our operating results could be negatively affected. 

The long-term performance of our businesses relies
on our ability to attract, develop and retain talented personnel. 

To be successful, we must attract, develop and retain highly
qualified and talented personnel and, as we consider entering new international markets, skilled personnel familiar with these markets. We compete for employees with a broad range of employers in many different industries, including large
multinational firms, and we invest significant resources in recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining them. The failure to attract, develop, motivate and retain key employees could negatively affect our competitive position and our operating
results.