. 

Factors That May Affect Future Results 

(Cautionary Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) 

Mattel is including this Cautionary Statement to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Act”) for forward-looking statements. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they
do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “seeks” or words of
similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as “will,” “should,” “could,” “may,” “aims,” “intends,” or “projects.” A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction
nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. Investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. These
forward-looking statements are all based on currently available operating, financial, economic and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The Company’s actual future results and trends may differ materially
depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed below. 

If the current global economic conditions continue to deteriorate, Mattel’s business and financial results may continue to be adversely affected. 

The global economic conditions adversely impacted Mattel’s
business and financial results in 2009. Mattel designs, manufactures, and markets a wide variety of toy products worldwide through sales to customers and directly to consumers. Our performance is impacted by the level of discretionary consumer
spending, which has deteriorated sharply in the United States and in many countries around the world in which Mattel does business. Consumers’ discretionary purchases of toy products may be impacted by job losses, foreclosures, bankruptcies,
reduced access to credit, significantly falling home prices, lower consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors that affect consumer spending behavior. If our customers encounter liquidity problems due to weak retail sales or their inability
to raise sufficient capital due to credit constraints, we may not be able to collect the accounts receivable from the affected customers. Finally, many of the effects and consequences of the current

12 

Table of Contents

global economic conditions are not yet known; any one or all of them could potentially have a material adverse effect on Mattel’s liquidity and capital resources, including increasing our
cost of capital or our ability to raise additional capital if needed, or otherwise negatively impact Mattel’s business and financial results. 

If Mattel does not successfully identify or satisfy consumer preferences, its results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Mattel’s business and operating results depend largely
upon the appeal of its toy products. Consumer preferences, particularly among end users of Mattel’s products–children–are continuously changing. Significant, sudden shifts in demand are caused by “hit” toys and trends, which
are often unpredictable. Mattel offers a diverse range of products for children of all ages and families that includes, among others, toys for infants and preschoolers, girls’ toys, boys’ toys, youth electronics, digital media, hand-held
and other games, puzzles, educational toys, media-driven products, and fashion-related toys. Mattel competes domestically and internationally with a wide range of large and small manufacturers, marketers and sellers of toys, video games, consumer
electronics and other play products, as well as retailers, which means that Mattel’s market position is always at risk. Mattel’s ability to maintain its current product sales, and increase its product sales or establish product sales with
new, innovative toys, will depend on Mattel’s ability to satisfy play preferences, enhance existing products, develop and introduce new products, and achieve market acceptance of these products. Competition for access to entertainment