References in the risk factors to the “Company” are to MBIA Inc., together with its
domestic and international subsidiaries. References to “we,” “our” and “us” are to MBIA Inc. or the Company, as the context requires. 

Recent adverse developments in the credit markets and any potential negative impact on MBIA Corp.’s insured portfolio may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and future business 

MBIA Corp. is exposed to credit risks in its portfolio that may arise from deterioration in the credit markets, wherein such deterioration in credit
performance could lead to potential erosion in the quality of assets and also the collection of cash flows from such assets within structured securities that it has guaranteed. While MBIA Corp. has sought to underwrite direct RMBS and CDOs of ABS
with levels of subordination and other credit enhancements designed to protect it from loss in the event of poor performance of the underlying assets collateralizing the securities in the insured portfolio, for the fourth quarter of 2007 we recorded
case basis loss activity of $613.5 million and a special increase to our unallocated loss reserve of $200 million due to projected inadequacies of such credit enhancements in securities it has guaranteed. The case basis activity and special increase
to unallocated loss reserve were in addition to MBIA Corp.’s regular quarterly addition of 12% of scheduled earned premiums, or approximately $23 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. No assurance can be given that such credit enhancements
will prove to be adequate to protect MBIA Corp. from incurring additional material losses in view of the current significantly higher rates of delinquency, foreclosure and losses being observed among residential mortgages and home equity lines of
credit. While further deterioration in performance of the subprime mortgage sector is generally expected, the extent and duration of any future continued deterioration of the credit markets is unknown, as is the impact, if any, on potential claim
payments and ultimate losses of the securities within MBIA Corp.’s portfolio. In addition, there can be no assurance that any of the governmental or private sector initiatives designed to address such credit deterioration in the markets will be
implemented, and there is no way to know the effect that any such initiatives could have on the credit performance over time of the actual securities that MBIA Corp. insures. 

25 

Table of Contents

Item 1. Business (continued) 

In addition, there can be no assurance that we would be successful, or that we would not be delayed, in enforcing the subordination provisions, credit enhancements or other contractual provisions of the RMBS, CMBS and
CDOs of ABS that MBIA Corp. insures in the event of litigation or the bankruptcy of other transaction parties. Many of the subordination provisions, credit enhancements and other contractual provisions of the RMBS, CMBS and CDOs of ABS that MBIA
Corp. insures are untested in the market and, therefore, it is uncertain how such subordination provisions, credit enhancements and other contractual provisions will be interpreted in the event of an action for enforcement. 

Individual credits in MBIA Corp.’s insured portfolio (including potential new credits) are assessed a rating agency “capital charge” based on a variety of
factors, including the nature of the credits, their underlying ratings, their tenor and their expected and actual performance. In the event of an actual or perceived deterioration in creditworthiness, a reduction in the underlying rating or a change
in the rating agency capital methodology, MBIA Corp. may be required to hold more of its capital in reserve against credits in its insured portfolio, regardless of whether losses actually occur, or against potential new business. Significant
reductions in underlying ratings of credits in MBIA Corp.’s insured portfolio can produce significant increases in assessed “capital charges.” There can be no assurance that MBIA Corp.’s capital position will be adequate to meet
such increased rating agency reserve requirements or that MBIA Corp. will be able to secure additional capital, especially at a time of actual or perceived deterioration in creditworthiness of new or existing credits. Unless MBIA Corp. was able to
increase its amount of available capital, an increase in capital charges could reduce the amount of capital available to pay claims and support MBIA Corp.’s triple-A ratings and could have an adverse effect on MBIA Corp.’s ability to write
new business. 

In recent weeks and months Fitch, Moody’s and S&P have announced the downgrade of, or other negative ratings actions with respect
to, certain transactions that MBIA Corp. insures, as well as a large number of structured finance transactions that serve as collateral in structured finance transactions that MBIA Corp. insures. While less than 5% of MBIA Corp.’s insured
portfolio as of December 31, 2007, has been downgraded as of February 5, 2008, in connection with the rating agencies’ recent downgrades of structured finance transactions, there can be no assurance that additional securities in MBIA
Corp.’s insured portfolio will not be reviewed and downgraded in the future. Moreover, we do not know what portion of the securities in MBIA Corp.’s insured portfolio already have been reviewed by the rating agencies and if, and when, the
rating agencies might review additional securities in MBIA Corp.’s insured portfolio or review again securities that have already been reviewed and/or downgraded. Downgrades of credits that MBIA Corp. insures will result in higher capital
charges to MBIA Corp. under the relevant rating agency model or models. It is not known at the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K how much additional capital, if any, will be required as a result of the Fitch rating actions announced on
February 1, 2008, regarding RMBS tranches as described under “Business––Rating Agencies.” If the additional amount of capital required to support such exposures is significant, MBIA Corp. could look to raise additional
capital, if available, on terms and conditions that may not be favorable to MBIA Corp., curtail current business writings, or pay to transfer a portion of its in-force business to generate capital for rating agency purposes to maintain its triple-A
ratings. Such capital raising may not be possible. Accordingly, additional downgrades of MBIA insured credits could adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition of MBIA Corp. going forward. 

A reduction in MBIA Corp.’s financial strength ratings from any of the major rating agencies would materially and adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations and future business 

MBIA Corp.’s ability to attract new business and to compete with other triple-A rated financial
guarantors is largely dependent on the triple-A financial strength ratings assigned to it by the major rating agencies and the financial enhancement rating assigned by S&P. MBIA Corp. intends to comply with the requirements imposed by the rating
agencies to maintain such ratings; however, no assurance can be given that MBIA Corp. will successfully comply with these requirements, that these requirements will not change or that, even if MBIA Corp. complies with these requirements, one or more
of such rating agencies will not lower or withdraw its financial strength ratings of MBIA Corp. or place MBIA Corp. on “negative outlook” or “rating watch negative” status indicating that a downgrade may be considered in the
future. On January 17, 2008, Moody’s placed the Aaa insurance financial strength ratings of MBIA Corp. and its insurance affiliates on watch list negative. On January 31, 2008, S&P placed the AAA insurance financial strength
ratings of MBIA Corp. and its insurance affiliates on CreditWatch negative. On February 5, 2008, Fitch placed the AAA insurer financial strength ratings of MBIA Corp. and its insurance affiliates on rating watch negative. On February 25, 2008,
S&P affirmed the AAA insurance financial strength ratings of MBIA Corp. and its insurance affiliates, the “AA-” rating of MBIA Inc.’s senior debt and the “AA” ratings of MBIA Corp.’s North Castle Custodial Trusts
I-VIII, with a negative outlook. On February 26, 2008, Moody’s affirmed the Aaa insurance financial strength ratings of MBIA Corp. and its insurance affiliates, the Aa2 ratings of MBIA Corp.’s Surplus Notes and the Aa3 ratings of the
junior obligations of MBIA Corp. and the senior debt of MBIA Inc., with a negative rating outlook. MBIA Corp.’s ability to attract new business and to compete with other triple-A rated financial guarantors has been adversely affected by these
rating agency actions. MBIA Corp.’s ability to attract new business and to compete with other triple-A rated financial guarantors and its results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected by any actual
reduction, or additional suggested possibility of a reduction, in its ratings. 

Requirements imposed by the rating agencies in order for MBIA Corp. to
maintain its triple-A ratings are outside of our control, and such requirements may oblige us to raise additional capital or take other remedial actions in a relatively short timeframe in order to 

26 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (continued) 

maintain MBIA Corp.’s triple-A ratings. We have implemented a capital plan in order to raise what we believe will be sufficient funds to meet or exceed the rating agency capital requirements. However,
Moody’s and S&P have recently announced certain changes in their assumptions that could increase the amount that we estimate will be required, or that they have previously announced is required, to support MBIA Corp.’s ratings, and as
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we do not know how much additional capital, if any, we will be required to raise in respect of such changes. The capital plan primarily consists of our equity offering that closed on February 13,
2008, the initial $500 million Warburg Pincus investment, the Surplus Notes offering and capital formation and risk reduction through operations, elimination of dividends and the use of reinsurance. However, the rating agencies have recently
announced potential sector-wide actions and a greater emphasis on non-quantitative factors in their analysis, so there can be no assurance that Fitch, Moody’s and S&P will change MBIA Corp.’s outlook to “stable” even if we
successfully implement our capital plan. If the capital plan raises insufficient capital to meet what we anticipate will be the ratings agencies’ triple-A capital requirements or more stringent requirements they may implement in the future,
MBIA Corp.’s financial strength ratings may be downgraded, which would materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and future business. 

Changes in the rating agencies’ capital models and rating methodology with respect to financial guarantee insurers may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition

Changes in the rating agencies’ capital models and rating methodology with respect to financial guarantee insurers and the risks in MBIA
Corp.’s investment portfolio and insured portfolio could require MBIA Corp. to hold more capital against specified credit risks in the insured portfolio. For example, the rating agencies have recently made changes to their capital models and
rating methodology in response to the deterioration in the performance of certain securities. These requirements have placed stress on our ratings and require us to raise additional capital to maintain MBIA Corp.’s triple-A ratings. Since the
original announcement of our capital plan, Fitch, Moody’s and S&P have announced additional changes in certain of their assumptions relating to our capital requirements that could increase the amount that we estimate will be required, or
that they have previously announced is required, to support our ratings, which could further increase our need to raise capital. There can be no assurance that capital will be available to us on favorable terms and conditions or at all, and the
failure to raise such capital could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Loss reserve
estimates are subject to uncertainties and loss reserves may not be adequate to cover potential claims 

The financial guarantees issued by MBIA
Corp. insure the financial performance of the obligations guaranteed over an extended period of time, in some cases over 30 years, under policies that MBIA Corp. has, in most circumstances, no right to cancel. As a result of the lack of statistical
paid loss data due to the low level of paid claims in MBIA Corp.’s financial guarantee business and in the financial guarantee industry in general, particularly, until recently, in the structured asset-backed area, MBIA Corp. does not use
traditional actuarial approaches to determine its loss reserves. The establishment of the appropriate level of loss reserves is an inherently uncertain process involving numerous estimates and subjective judgments by management, and therefore, there
can be no assurance that actual paid claims in MBIA Corp.’s insured portfolio will not exceed its loss reserves. Small changes in the assumptions underlying these estimates could significantly impact loss expectations. Additionally, MBIA Corp.
uses both internal models as well as models generated by third party consultants and customized by MBIA Corp. to project future paid claims on MBIA Corp.’s insured portfolio and establish loss reserves. There can be no assurance that the future
loss projections based on these models are accurate. 

We recorded case basis loss activity of $613.5 million and a special increase to our unallocated loss
reserve of $200 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 related to such exposures. The case basis activity and special increase to our unallocated loss reserve were in addition to MBIA Corp.’s regular quarterly addition of 12% of scheduled earned
premiums, or approximately $23 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Additionally, further deterioration in the performance of RMBS, CDOs of ABS or other obligations MBIA Corp. insures or reinsures could lead to the establishment of additional loss
reserves and further losses or reductions in income. There can be no assurance that the estimates of probable and estimable losses are accurate. Actual paid claims could exceed our estimate and could significantly exceed our loss reserves. If our
loss reserves are not adequate to cover actual paid claims, MBIA Corp.’s results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Credit risk modeling contains uncertainty over ultimate outcomes which make it difficult to estimate potential paid claims and loss reserves and mark-to-market 

The securities MBIA Corp. insures include highly complex structured transactions, the performance of which depends on a wide variety of factors outside of our control, and in such transactions we must rely on
financial models, generated internally and supplemented by models generated by third parties, to estimate future credit performance of the underlying assets, and to evaluate 

27 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (continued) 

structures, rights and our potential obligations over time. These estimates can vary materially based on relatively small changes in assumptions and the use of different modeling techniques. Also, for example, the
modeling of multi-sector CDOs requires analysis of both direct ABS as well as CDO collateral within the multi-sector CDOs, known as “inner securitizations,” and we do not consistently have access to all the detailed information necessary
to project every component of each inner securitization. Such “inner securitizations” may themselves include CDO collateral. Therefore, in some cases we put greater reliance on the models and analysis of third party market participants and
are not able to fully, independently and precisely verify each data point. Moreover, the performance of the securities that MBIA Corp. insures and the underlying mark-to-market of our obligations depends on a wide variety of factors which are
outside our control, including the liquidity and performance of the collateral underlying such securities, the correlation of assets within collateral pools, the performance or non-performance of other transaction participants (including third-party
servicers) and the exercise of control or other rights held by other transaction participants. 

We continually monitor portfolio and transaction data and
adjust these credit risk models to reflect changes in expected and stressed outcomes over time. We use internal models for ongoing portfolio monitoring and to estimate case basis loss reserves and, where applicable, to mark our obligations under our
contracts to market and may supplement such models with third party models or use third party experts to consult with our internal modeling specialists. When using third party models, we perform the same review and analysis of the collateral, deal
structure, performance triggers and cash flow waterfalls as when using our internal models. However, both internal and external models are subject to model risk and there can be no assurance that these models are accurate or comprehensive in
estimating our potential future paid claims and related loss reserves or that they are similar to methodologies employed by our competitors, counterparties or other market participants. 

In addition, changes to our paid claims, loss reserve or mark-to-market models may be warranted in the future. These changes could materially impact our financial results. 

We are required to report credit derivatives at fair value, which subjects our results of operations to volatility and losses 

Any event causing credit spreads on an underlying security referenced in a credit derivative insured by MBIA Corp. to either widen or tighten will affect the fair value
of the credit derivative and may increase the volatility of our earnings. We apply fair value accounting for the portion of our business executed in credit derivative form as required by SFAS 133 and changes in fair value are recognized immediately
in earnings. Therefore, any increases or decreases in the fair value of these credit derivatives have an immediate corresponding impact on reported earnings. As changes in fair value can be caused by factors unrelated to the performance of MBIA
Corp.’s business and credit portfolio, including general market conditions and perceptions of credit risk, as well as market use of credit derivatives for hedging purposes unrelated to the specific referenced credits in addition to events that
affect particular credit derivative exposure, the application of fair value accounting may cause our earnings to be more volatile than would be suggested by the underlying performance of MBIA Corp.’s business operations and credit portfolio. In
addition, due to the complexity of fair value accounting and the application of SFAS 133, future amendments or interpretations of derivative and fair value accounting may cause us to modify our accounting methodology in a manner which may have
an adverse impact on our financial results. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates” in Part II, Item 7 for additional information on the
valuation of derivatives. 

Current accounting standards mandate that we measure the fair value of our insurance policies of credit default swaps. At the
present time, we do not have access to the fair value estimates of the insurance beneficiaries and there can be no assurance that those counterparties (or any other market participant’s) estimates would be the same as our fair values.

In the fourth quarter of 2007, we observed a further widening of market spreads and credit ratings downgrades of collateral underlying certain MBIA
Corp.-insured CDO tranches. The mark-to-market loss from September 30, 2007 to December 31, 2007 was $3.4 billion, or approximately $2.2 billion on an after-tax basis. This increase in our mark-to-market loss in the fourth quarter of 2007
compared to the pre-tax $342 million mark-to-market loss for the third quarter was a consequence of continued spread volatility, including a substantial widening in CMBS spreads and the deterioration of credit ratings in collateral underlying
multi-sector CDOs. The mark-to-market amount disclosed above reflects a refinement to MBIA Corp.’s valuation modeling techniques that was implemented in the fourth quarter. Specifically, in light of extraordinary widening of the market spreads
for the asset-backed security portion of the collateral underlying certain insured CDOs in the investment grade corporate CDO portfolio, for purposes of its valuation model, MBIA Corp. revised its approach and treated that ABS collateral as if it
were in default. MBIA Corp. performs an internal analysis of the mark-to-market change each month. The mark-to-market position as of January 31, 2008, is not available at this time. However, in January 2008 we observed further widening of
credit market spreads and, on January 30, 2008, S&P announced rating action on 6,389 U.S. subprime RMBS ratings and 1,953 CDO ratings and on February 1, 2008, Fitch announced a rating action on 2,972 RMBS ratings. It is expected that
these developments will result in additional material mark-to-market losses for January 2008. 

28 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (continued) 

Competition may have an adverse effect on MBIA Corp.’s business 

The businesses engaged in by MBIA Corp.
are highly competitive. MBIA Corp. faces competition from other financial guarantee insurance companies, other providers of third-party credit enhancement, such as multi-line insurance companies, credit derivative and swap providers and banks, and
alternative financing structures that do not employ third-party credit enhancement, and recently a new financial guarantee insurer has been licensed to operate in New York and is in the process of seeking licensing in other jurisdictions. Increased
competition, either in terms of price, alternative structures, or the emergence of new providers of credit enhancement, could have an adverse effect on MBIA Corp.’s business. In addition, MBIA Corp.’s competitive position may suffer due to
having been being placed on review for a possible downgrade by Fitch, Moody’s and S&P. 

Market and other factors may cause investors and/or
issuers to decrease demand for MBIA Corp.’s products 

The demand for financial guarantee insurance depends upon many factors, some of which are
beyond the control of MBIA Corp. The major rating agencies have recently changed the ratings outlook for certain financial guarantee insurers to “negative,” placed certain financial guarantee insurers on review for a possible downgrade,
downgraded certain financial guarantee insurers and affirmed a “stable” outlook for other major financial guarantee insurers. Investors from time to time distinguish among financial guarantors on the basis of various factors, including
rating agency assessment, size, insured portfolio concentration and financial performance. These distinctions may result in differentials in trading levels for securities insured by particular financial guarantors which, in turn, may provide a
competitive advantage to those financial guarantors with better trading characteristics. In addition, various investors may, due to regulatory or internal guidelines, lack additional capacity to purchase securities insured by certain financial
guarantors, which may provide a competitive advantage to guarantors with fewer insured obligations outstanding. Differentials in trading values or investor capacity constraints that do not favor MBIA Corp. would have an adverse effect on MBIA
Corp.’s ability to attract new business at appropriate pricing levels, and in recent months MBIA Corp. has experienced a decline in new business which may be attributable to recent rating agency actions and their impact on investor perception.

Additionally, in the face of the disruption in the credit markets and the recent announcements by Fitch, Moody’s and S&P concerning financial
guarantee insurers generally and MBIA Corp. in particular, the price of our common stock has experienced a significant decline and there has been a widening of spreads on our credit default swaps. This recent widening of spreads on our credit
default swaps could impact the perception of our financial condition by MBIA Corp.’s insured bondholders and counterparties and could affect their willingness to purchase MBIA Corp.’s insured bonds and to continue to enter into
transactions with MBIA Corp. 

Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our financial condition and future business 

Increases in prevailing interest rate levels can adversely affect the value of MBIA’s investment portfolio and, therefore, our financial condition. In the event that
investments must be sold in order to make payments on insured exposures, such investments would likely be sold at discounted prices. Additionally, increasing interest rates could lead to increased credit stress on transactions in MBIA Corp.’s
insured portfolio. 

Prevailing interest rate levels can affect demand for financial guarantee insurance. Lower interest rates are typically accompanied by
narrower spreads between insured and uninsured obligations. The purchase of insurance during periods of relatively narrower interest rate spreads will generally provide lower cost savings to the issuer than during periods of relatively wider
spreads. These lower cost savings could be accompanied by a corresponding decrease in demand for financial guarantee insurance. Increased interest rates may decrease attractiveness for issuers to enter into capital markets transactions, resulting in
a corresponding decreasing demand for financial guarantee insurance. 

Demand for financial guarantee insurance will decline if investors’
confidence in financial guarantors’ financial strength declines 

The perceived financial strength of financial guarantee insurers also affects
demand for financial guarantee insurance. Recently, several major financial guarantee insurers have had their insurer financial strength ratings downgraded and others, including MBIA Corp., have had their insurer financial strength ratings placed on
review for a possible downgrade and/or have had their outlooks changed to “negative,” which may be contributing to a recent decline in the demand for financial guarantee insurance generally. Should the reliability of one or more of the
rating agency capital models be questioned or should the financial guarantee industry suffer from further downgrades in financial strength ratings or some other deterioration in investors’ confidence, demand for financial guarantee insurance
would be reduced significantly. 

Regulatory change could adversely affect MBIA Corp.’s business 

The financial guarantee insurance industry has historically been and will continue to be subject to the direct and indirect effects of governmental regulation, including
insurance laws, securities laws, tax laws and legal precedents affecting asset-backed and municipal 

29 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (continued) 

obligations, as well as changes in those laws. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could expose MBIA Corp. to fines, the loss of its insurance licenses, and the inability to engage in certain
business activity. In addition, future legislative, regulatory or judicial changes could adversely affect MBIA Corp.’s ability to pursue its business, materially impacting our financial results. The New York State Insurance Department has
indicated that they are undertaking a review of the laws and regulations that are applicable to MBIA Corp. and to other monoline financial guarantee insurance companies. As a result of any changes to such laws and regulations or the
Department’s interpretation thereof, MBIA could become subject to further restrictions on the type of business that it is authorized to insure, especially in the structured finance area. Any such restrictions could have a material effect on the
amount of premiums that MBIA earns in the future. Additionally, any changes to such laws and regulations could subject MBIA Corp. to increased reserving and capital requirements or more stringent regulation generally, which could materially
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and future business. 

Revenues would be adversely impacted due to a decline in
realization of installment premiums 

Due to the installment nature of a significant percentage of its premium income, MBIA Corp. has an embedded
future revenue stream. The amount of installment premiums actually realized by MBIA Corp. could be reduced in the future due to factors such as early termination of insurance contracts or accelerated prepayments of underlying obligations. Such a
reduction would result in lower revenues. 

Potential impact of general economic and geopolitical conditions may adversely affect MBIA Corp.’s
business prospects and insured portfolio 

Changes in general economic conditions can adversely impact the Company’s business. Recessions,
increases in corporate, municipal or consumer default rates, changes in interest rates, changes in law or regulation and other general economic and geopolitical conditions could adversely impact the Company’s prospects for future business, as
well as the performance of MBIA Corp.’s insured portfolio and the Company’s investment portfolio. For example, the recent deterioration of certain sectors of the credit markets has caused a significant decline in the number of structured
finance securities that have been issued in recent months. There can be no assurance that the market for structured securities will recover, and if the market fails to recover there would be a decrease in the demand for financial guarantee insurance
for these securities, which may adversely affect MBIA Corp.’s business prospects. 

General global unrest could disrupt the economy in this country and
around the world and could have a direct material adverse impact on certain industries and on general economic activity. The Company has exposure in certain sectors that could suffer increased delinquencies and defaults as a direct result of these
types of events. The Company’s exposure to domestic and international airports and to domestic enhanced equipment trust certificate aircraft securitizations have experienced increased stress as a result of global events since 2001, including a
downgrading of the ratings and the bankruptcy of some of the underlying issuers, and could experience further stress in the event of general global unrest in the future. Other exposures that depend on revenues from business and personal travel, such
as bonds backed by hotel taxes and car rental fleet securitizations, have experienced or may experience increased levels of delinquencies and default. In addition, certain other sectors in which the Company has insured exposure, such as consumer
loan securitizations (e.g., home equity, auto loan and credit card transactions), have experienced increased delinquencies and defaults in the underlying pools of loans and could experience further defaults in the event of future global unrest. To
the extent that certain corporate sectors may be vulnerable to credit deterioration and increased defaults in the event of future global unrest, CDOs backed by pools of corporate debt issuances in those stressed sectors could also be adversely
impacted. 

The Company’s insurance operations underwrite exposures to the Company’s reasonable expectation of future performance as well as at
various stress levels estimating defaults and other conditions at levels higher than are reasonably expected to occur. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will not incur material losses if the economic stress and increased defaults
in certain sectors caused by change in economic conditions, default rates, global unrest, terrorism, catastrophic events, natural disasters or similar events in the future is or will be more severe than the Company currently foresees and had assumed
in underwriting its exposures. 

An inability to access capital could adversely impact MBIA Corp.’s ability to write new business and adversely
affect our business, operating results and financial condition and ultimately adversely affect liquidity 

The Company’s access to external
sources of financing, as well as the cost of such financing, is dependent on various factors, including the long term debt ratings of the Company and the insurance financial strength ratings and long term business prospects of MBIA Corp. and the
perceptions of the financial strength of MBIA Corp. and MBIA Inc. Our debt ratings are influenced by numerous factors, either in absolute terms or relative to our peer group, such as financial leverage, balance sheet strength, capital structure and
earnings trends. If we cannot obtain adequate capital on favorable terms or at all, our business, future growth, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

30 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (continued) 

MBIA Corp. has entered into credit facilities with third-party providers in order to supplement its capital position. When evaluating the Company’s overall capital position, the rating agencies evaluate the
financial strength of these providers, as well as their perceived willingness to fund these facilities if drawn. In the event that the ratings of these capital providers are reduced or withdrawn, the amount of capital credit the Company receives for
these facilities would decline. There can be no assurance that the ratings of such providers will not decline in the future, that replacement providers will be available or, in the absence of a rating decline, that the rating agencies would not
decrease the amount of capital credit they assign to the Company for such “soft capital” facilities. The inability to obtain adequate replacement capital on favorable terms or at all could have an adverse impact on the Company’s
business and financial condition. 

Because we are a holding company, our sources of liquidity primarily consist of dividend payments from MBIA Corp. and
MBIA Asset Management, investment income and the issuance of debt. To the extent that the amount of capital credit we receive for credit facilities declines or we are otherwise unable to access capital, MBIA Corp. will have less capacity to write
business and may not be able to pay dividends to us without experiencing adverse rating agency action. Accordingly, our inability to maintain access to capital on favorable terms could have an adverse impact on our ability to pay dividends on our
capital stock, to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, to pay our operating expenses and to make capital investments in our subsidiaries. See “—Our holding company structure and certain regulatory and other constraints could
affect our ability to pay dividends and make other payments.” 

A reduction in the financial strength ratings of or a default by one or more of
MBIA Corp.’s key reinsurers could adversely impact our capital position, financial strength rating and ability to write new business 

MBIA
Corp. uses reinsurance to cede exposure for purposes of syndicating risk and increasing its capacity to write new business while complying with its single risk and credit guidelines. When a reinsurer is downgraded by one or more of the rating
agencies, less capital credit is given to MBIA Corp. under rating agency models. Over the past several years, most of MBIA Corp.’s reinsurers have been downgraded and others remain under review. The downgrade of one of MBIA Corp.’s key
reinsurers could adversely impact MBIA Corp.’s capital position under rating agency models, and affect MBIA Corp.’s financial strength rating and ability to write new business accordingly. MBIA’s largest reinsurer, Channel Re, was
downgraded by Moody’s in February 2008 and the Company’s second largest reinsurer, RAM Reinsurance Company Ltd. (“RAM”), has been placed under review for downgrade by Moody’s. However, Channel Re has deposited assets in two
trusts and RAM has deposited assets in one trust for the benefit of MBIA Corp. in support of their respective reinsurance obligations. The combined value of the assets in the Channel Re trusts was approximately $495 million and the value of the
assets in the RAM trust was approximately $100 million, in each case at December 31, 2007. Although such trusts limit the potential for such reinsurers to default on their respective obligations and may partially offset the effect of a
downgrade on MBIA’s capital position there can be no assurance that a further downgrade of Channel Re or a downgrade of RAM would not materially reduce MBIA Corp.’s capital position under rating agency models or that there will not be a
default on their respective obligations to MBIA Corp. Also, if Channel Re were further downgraded or RAM was downgraded, MBIA Corp. would need to establish an accounting reserve for receivables from them. Currently, $43 billion of par is reinsured
with Channel Re and $11 billion is reinsured with RAM. As with all reinsurers, MBIA Corp. continually assesses Channel Re’s and RAM’s ability to settle all amounts due to MBIA Corp. under reinsurance or other agreements, including settling
ceded derivative contracts at their fair value. 

MBIA Corp. generally retains the right to recapture the business ceded to reinsurers under certain
circumstances, including rating downgrades of its reinsurers. Additionally, reinsurers and counterparties under other reimbursement agreements may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic
conditions, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. Such defaults could have a material adverse effect on our business or profitability or require us to raise additional capital. MBIA Corp. remains liable on a primary basis for all reinsured
risk, and although MBIA Corp. believes that its reinsurers remain capable of meeting their obligations, there can be no assurance of such in the future. 

In addition to reliance on key financial guarantee reinsurers, MBIA has certain other exposures to financial guarantee insurance companies. Portions of MBIA Corp.’s investment portfolio, as well as the investments held in relation to
our asset management businesses, are insured by other monoline financial guarantee insurance companies. Further, we own a small amount of direct investments in debt and other securities of the holding companies of other monoline financial guarantee
insurance companies. A downgrade of one or more of those companies could impact the market value of investments and increase the amount of capital required to maintain MBIA Corp.’s triple-A ratings. 

31 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (continued) 

Our holding company structure and certain regulatory and other constraints could affect our ability to pay dividends and make other payments 

We are a holding company and have no substantial operations of our own or assets other than our ownership of MBIA Corp., our principal operating subsidiary, MBIA Asset Management, and certain other smaller
subsidiaries. As such, we are largely dependent on dividends or advances in the form of intercompany loans from MBIA Corp. to pay dividends on our capital stock, to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, to pay our operating expenses and to
make capital investments in our subsidiaries. Our insurance company subsidiaries are subject to various statutory and regulatory restrictions, applicable to insurance companies generally, that limit the amount of cash dividends, loans and advances
that those subsidiaries may pay to us. Regulations relating to capital requirements affecting some of our other subsidiaries may also restrict their ability to pay dividends and other distributions and make loans to us. 

Under New York law, MBIA Corp. may pay stockholder dividends only out of statutory earned surplus. In addition, New York law limits the payment of dividends during any
twelve month period without the prior approval of the Superintendent to the lesser of (i) 10% of policyholder surplus and (ii) 100% of adjusted net investment income, as described in “Item 1. Business—Insurance Regulation”
and “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 16: Insurance Regulations and Dividends” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In April 2007, MBIA Corp. paid a special
dividend of $500 million to MBIA Inc. with the prior approval of the Superintendent. As of December 31, 2007, including the effect of the April 2007 $500 million dividend, MBIA Corp. will not be able to pay dividends without prior approval by
the Superintendent until April 2008. In addition, in connection with recent discussions with the Department, MBIA Corp. committed to provide the Department with advance notice of, and to discuss with the Department, certain matters, including the
payment of dividends, including ordinary dividends. 

Additionally, under New York law, the Superintendent may apply for an order directing him to
rehabilitate or liquidate a domestic insurance company under certain circumstances, including upon the insolvency of the company, if the company has willfully violated its charter or New York law or if the company is found, after examination, to be
in such condition that further transaction of business would be hazardous to its policyholders, creditors or the public. The Superintendent may also suspend an insurer’s license, restrict its license authority, or limit the amount of premiums
written in New York if, after a hearing, he determines that the insurer’s surplus to policyholders is not adequate in relation to its outstanding liabilities or financial needs. If the Superintendent were to take any such action with respect to
MBIA Corp., it would likely result in the reduction or elimination of the payment of dividends to us. 

The inability of MBIA Corp. to pay dividends in an
amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could affect our ability to repay our debt and to continue to pay a dividend on our common stock and have a material adverse effect on our operations.

Regulatory regimes and changes to accounting rules may adversely impact financial results irrespective of business operations 

Accounting standards and regulatory changes may require modifications to our accounting methodology, both prospectively and for prior periods and such changes could have
an adverse impact on our financial results. The Financial Accounting Standards Board, or “FASB,” is considering the accounting methodology to be applied by financial guarantee industry participants for claims liability recognition and
premium recognition. When the FASB reaches a conclusion on this project, MBIA Corp. and other financial guarantors may be required to change some aspects of their respective loss reserving policies and the potential changes could extend to premium
and expense recognition. We cannot currently assess how the FASB staff’s ultimate resolution of this project will impact our loss reserving policy or the effect it might have on recognizing premium revenue. Until final guidance is issued, we
intend to apply our existing methodology. There can be no certainty, however, that the FASB will not require us to modify our current methodology, either on a going-forward basis or for prior periods. Any required modification of our existing
methodology, either with respect to these issues or other issues in the future, could have an impact on our results of operations, including increased volatility of our earnings. 

Our risk management policies and procedures may not prevent future losses 

We assess our risk management
policies and procedures on a periodic basis. As a result of such assessment, we may take steps to change our internal risk assessment capabilities and procedures, our portfolio management policies, systems and processes and our policies and
procedures for monitoring and assessing the performance of our insured portfolio in changing market conditions. There can be no assurance, however, that these steps will be adequate to avoid future losses. 

32 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (continued) 

Regulatory proceedings or private litigation claims could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition 

We have recently had discussions with and have provided information on a voluntary basis to the Department and the SEC in response to inquiries with respect to certain
matters, including the Warburg Pincus transaction, our announcement of preliminary loss reserve estimates related to our RMBS exposure and disclosures relating to our CDO exposure. 

On January 22, 2008, we received a Subpoena from the Securities Division of the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts dated January 18, 2008. The Subpoena seeks information regarding the
“Massachusetts Public Issuer Bonds” insured by MBIA Corp. from January 1, 2006 to the present, and requires production of related offering materials and written disclosures pertaining to MBIA and provided by MBIA to the underwriters
or issuers of such Massachusetts Public Issuer Bonds. 

We may continue to receive additional subpoenas and other information requests from the Department,
the SEC or other regulatory agencies regarding similar issues. Although no regulatory action has been initiated against us in connection with the matters described above, it is possible that one or more regulatory agencies may pursue action against
us with respect to these or other similar matters. If such an action is brought, it could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Recently, several plaintiff lawyers have announced plans to file shareholder lawsuits against MBIA in connection with the decline in our stock price, and one such lawsuit has been filed and served on MBIA. On
January 11, 2008, a putative shareholder class action lawsuit against MBIA and certain of its officers, Schmalz v. MBIA, Inc. et al., No. 08-CV-264, was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
alleging violations of the federal securities laws. Plaintiff seeks to represent a class of shareholders who purchased MBIA stock between January 30, 2007 and January 9, 2008. The complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b)
and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Among other things, the complaint alleges that defendants issued false and misleading statements with respect to MBIA’s exposure to losses stemming from MBIA’s insurance of CDOs and RMBS,
including its exposure to so-called “CDO-squared” securities, which caused MBIA’s stock to trade at inflated prices. Although we intend to vigorously defend against this and other potential actions, we cannot provide assurance that
the ultimate outcome of these actions will not materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Adverse
results from investment management services activities can adversely affect our financial position 

Our Investment Management Services businesses
have grown as a proportion of our overall business. Events that negatively affect the performance of the Investment Management Services businesses could have a negative effect on the overall performance of the Company, separate and distinct from the
performance of the Company’s financial guarantee business. 

Our Investment Management Services businesses manage several asset-liability programs
which enable us to earn a spread between the income earned on a portfolio of assets and the interest costs associated with the liabilities incurred to fund the purchase of such assets. These asset-liability programs are managed within a number of
risk and liquidity parameters, but there can be no assurance that such parameters are adequate to prevent a decline in the value of the assets or a decline in investment income such that the programs will be unable to service outstanding
liabilities. Any resulting loss could have an adverse impact on our financial position. 

Ownership Change under Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code can have adverse tax consequences 

In connection with our equity offering that closed on February 13, 2008, the Warburg Pincus
investments and other transactions in our shares from time to time, we may experience an “ownership change” within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. In general terms, an ownership change may result from
transactions increasing the aggregate ownership of certain stockholders in our stock by more than 50 percentage points over a testing period (generally three years). If an ownership change were to occur, our ability to use certain tax attributes,
including certain losses, credits, deductions or tax basis, may be limited. We cannot give any assurance that we will not undergo an ownership change at a time when these limitations would have a significant effect. 

Servicer risk could adversely impact performance of Structured Finance transactions 

Structured finance obligations contain certain risks including servicer risk, which relates to problems with the transaction servicer (the entity which is responsible for collecting the cash flow from the asset pool)
that could affect the servicing of the underlying assets. Structural risks primarily involve bankruptcy risks, such as whether the servicer of the assets may be required to delay the remittance of any cash collections held by it or received by it
after the time it becomes subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. Structured finance transactions are usually structured to reduce the risk to the investors from the bankruptcy or insolvency of the servicer. The ability of the servicer to
properly service and collect on the underlying assets is a factor in determining future asset performance. MBIA Corp. addresses these issues through its servicer due diligence and underwriting guidelines, its formal credit review and approval
process and its post-closing servicing review and monitoring, however, no assurance can be given that the servicer will properly effect its duties. 

Exposure to the asset-backed commercial paper market may have an adverse affect on our liquidity 

Triple-A One Funding Corporation
(“Triple-A One”), an MBIA-administered multi-seller conduit consolidated in the Company’s conduit segment, issues commercial paper to fund the purchase of assets from structured finance clients. Assets purchased by Triple-A One are
insured by MBIA Corp. Triple-A One maintains backstop liquidity facilities for each transaction, covering 100% of the face 

33 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (continued) 

amount of commercial paper outstanding, with banks rated A-1/P-1 or better by S&P and Moody’s, respectively. These liquidity facilities are designed to allow Triple-A One to repay investors in the event of a
market disruption in which Triple-A One is unable to issue new commercial paper to replace maturing commercial paper. Over the last eight months funding in the commercial paper market has been restricted and sometimes difficult to obtain at longer
maturities. Through January 2008, no borrowings have been made under any of Triple-A One’s liquidity facilities. In February 2008, Triple-A One borrowed $15 million for one day under its liquidity facilities to repay maturing commercial paper.
The borrowing under the facility was repaid by issuing new commercial paper. The financial guarantee policies issued by MBIA Corp. to insure the assets of Triple-A One cannot be accelerated to repay maturing commercial paper or borrowings under
liquidity facilities and only guarantee ultimate payments over time relating to the assets.