References in the risk factors to
the “Company” are to MBIA Inc., together with its domestic and international subsidiaries. References to “we,” “our” and “us” are to MBIA Inc. or the Company, as the context requires. 

Insured Portfolio Loss Related Risk Factors 

Recent adverse
developments in the credit markets and any potential negative impact on our Insurers’ insured portfolios may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and future business 

MBIA Corp. is exposed to credit risks in its portfolio that may arise from deterioration in the credit markets, wherein such deterioration in credit performance could lead to
potential erosion in the quality of assets and also the collection of cash flows from such assets within structured securities that it has guaranteed. 

Beginning in
the second half of 2007, deterioration of the global credit markets coupled with the re-pricing of credit risk created and continues to create extremely difficult market conditions and volatility in the credit markets. Initially, the concerns on the
part of market participants were focused on the subprime segment of the mortgage-backed securities market. However, these concerns have since expanded to include a broad range of mortgage- and asset-backed and other fixed income securities,
including those rated investment grade, the U.S. and international credit and interbank money markets generally, and a wide range of financial institutions and markets, asset classes and sectors. During the fourth quarter of 2008, disruptions and
volatility in the credit markets reached unprecedented levels. During 2008, partly as a result of concerns about exposure to these assets, some of the largest companies in the financial sector have received government support, been acquired by
stronger firms or been allowed to fail. 

While MBIA Corp. has sought to underwrite direct RMBS, CMBS and CDOs of ABS with levels of subordination and other credit
enhancements designed to protect it from loss in the event of poor performance of the underlying assets collateralizing the securities in the insured portfolio, we have since the third quarter of 2007 recorded case basis losses incurred of $2.1
billion due to projected inadequacies of such credit enhancements in securities it has guaranteed. The case basis activity was in addition to MBIA Corp.’s regular quarterly addition of 14% of scheduled earned premiums, or approximately $115
million since the third quarter of 2007. No assurance can be given that such credit enhancements will prove to be adequate to protect MBIA Corp. from incurring additional material losses in view of the current significantly higher rates of
delinquency, foreclosure and losses being observed among residential mortgages and home equity lines of credit. While further deterioration in some of the asset-backed securities we insure is generally expected, the extent and duration of any future
continued deterioration of the credit markets is unknown, as is the impact, if any, on potential claim payments and ultimate losses of the securities within MBIA Corp.’s portfolio. 

In addition, there can be no assurance that we would be successful, or that we would not be delayed, in enforcing the subordination provisions, credit enhancements or other contractual provisions of the RMBS, CMBS and CDOs of
ABS that MBIA Corp. insures in the event of litigation or the bankruptcy of other transaction parties. Many of the subordination provisions, credit enhancements and other contractual provisions of the RMBS, CMBS and CDOs of ABS that MBIA Corp.
insures are untested in the market and, therefore, it is uncertain how such subordination provisions, credit enhancements and other contractual provisions will be interpreted in the event of an action for enforcement. 

29 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

Existing difficult economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations and we do not expect these
conditions to improve in the near future 

Our results of operations are materially affected by general economic conditions, both in the U.S. and elsewhere
around the world. Beginning in the second half of 2007 and continuing in 2008, global financial, equity and other markets experienced significant stress, which reached unprecedented levels in the fourth quarter of 2008 . See “—Recent
adverse developments in the credit markets and any potential negative impact on our Insurers’ insured portfolios may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and future business.” Recently, concerns over
the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market, a declining real estate market in the U.S., inflation, energy costs, extreme volatility in fixed income and equity markets and geopolitical issues have contributed to increased
volatility and diminished expectations for the global economy and the markets going forward. These factors, combined with volatile oil prices, declining business and consumer confidence and increased unemployment, have precipitated an economic
slowdown and fears of a worsening recession, which continue to challenge the U.S. and global fixed income, equity and other markets and overall economies. 

Recessions, increases in corporate, municipal or consumer default rates and other general economic conditions may adversely impact, and the weak performance of residential mortgages backed securities has adversely impacted, and continues to
impact the Company’s prospects for future business, as well as the performance of our Insurers’ insured portfolios and the Company’s investment portfolio. In particular, the deterioration of certain sectors of the credit markets has
caused a significant decline in the number of structured finance securities that have been issued since the fourth quarter of 2007. There can be no assurance that the market for financial guarantee insurance will recover, and if the market fails to
recover there would be a decrease in the demand for financial guarantee insurance, which may adversely affect our Insurers’ business prospects. 

There can
be no assurance that actions of the U.S. government, Federal Reserve and other governmental and regulatory bodies for the purpose of stabilizing the financial markets and stimulating the economy will achieve the intended results 

In response to the financial crisis affecting the banking system, financial markets, investment banks and other financial institutions, on October 3, 2008, the Emergency
Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (the “EESA”) was signed into law. Pursuant to the EESA, the U.S. Treasury has the authority to, among other things, make equity investments in certain financial institutions and purchase mortgage-backed
and other securities from financial institutions for an aggregate amount of up to $700.0 billion. On February 17, 2009, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (the “ARRA”) was signed into law. The stated purpose of the
ARRA is “making supplemental appropriations for job preservation and creation, infrastructure investment, energy efficiency and science, assistance to the unemployed, and State and local fiscal stabilization” through an estimated $787
billion of government spending and tax cuts. Furthermore, on February 18, 2009 President Obama proposed a housing plan to assist homeowners refinance or modify mortgages, with an estimated cost of $275 billion. There can be no assurance that
the housing plan will be adopted in its current form or at all. 

There can be no assurance as to what impact these or any other actions taken by the U.S. federal
government, Federal Reserve or other governmental or regulatory bodies will have on the financial markets, including the extreme levels of volatility experienced in recent months, the level of defaults in the fixed income markets, in particular in
the subprime sector of the RMBS market, and the lack of available credit. Such continued volatility, defaults and illiquidity could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Some of the state and local governments that issue obligations we insure are experiencing unprecedented budget shortfalls that could result in increased credit losses
or impairments on those obligations 

We have historically experienced low levels of defaults in our public finance insured portfolio, including during the
ongoing financial crisis that began in mid-2007. However, in recent months state and local governments that issue some of the obligations we insure have reported unprecedented budget shortfalls that will require them to significantly raise taxes
and/or cut spending in order to satisfy their obligations. While there have been some proposals by the U.S. federal government designed to provide aid to state and local governments, there can be no assurance that any of these proposals will be
adopted. If the issuers of the obligations in our public finance 

30 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

portfolio are unable to raise taxes, increase spending, or receive federal assistance, we may experience losses or impairments on those obligations, which would
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are required to report credit derivatives at fair value, which
subjects our results of operations to volatility and losses, and could lead to negative shareholders’ equity for the Company or MBIA Corp. on a GAAP basis 

Any event causing credit spreads on an underlying security referenced in a credit derivative insured by MBIA Corp., or on a credit derivative referencing an MBIA Inc. security (an “MBIA credit derivative”), to either widen or
tighten will affect the fair value of the credit derivative and may increase the volatility of our earnings. We apply fair value accounting for the portion of our insurance business executed in credit derivative form as required by SFAS 133 and
changes in fair value are recognized immediately in earnings. In addition, under SFAS 157, effective January 1, 2008, we have been required to adjust our fair value calculation to account for our own non-performance risk by reference to spreads
on MBIA credit derivatives as well as to account for the nonperformance risk of our reinsurers. Therefore, any increases or decreases in the fair value of our insured credit spreads or spreads on MBIA credit derivatives have an immediate
corresponding impact on reported earnings. As changes in fair value can be caused by factors unrelated to the performance of MBIA Corp.’s business and credit portfolio, including general market conditions and perceptions of credit risk, as well
as market use of credit derivatives for hedging purposes unrelated to the specific referenced credits in addition to events that affect particular credit derivative exposure, the application of fair value accounting may cause our earnings to be more
volatile than would be suggested by the underlying performance of MBIA Corp.’s business operations and credit portfolio, and could lead to losses that could cause us to report negative shareholders’ equity on a GAAP basis. 

The global re-pricing of credit risk beginning in the fourth quarter of 2007 and continuing in 2008 and 2009 has caused unprecedented volatility and markdowns in the valuation of
these credit derivatives. In addition, due to the complexity of fair value accounting and the application of SFAS 133 and SFAS 157, future amendments or interpretations of derivative and fair value accounting may cause us to modify our
accounting methodology in a manner which may have an adverse impact on our financial results. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates” in
Part II, Item 7 for additional information on the valuation of derivatives. 

Current accounting standards mandate that we measure the fair value of our
insurance policies of credit default swaps. At the present time, we do not have access to the fair value estimates of the insurance beneficiaries and there can be no assurance that those counterparties (or any other market participant’s)
estimates would be the same as our fair values. 

Since the fourth quarter of 2007, we have observed a further widening of market spreads and credit ratings
downgrades of collateral underlying certain MBIA Corp.-insured CDO tranches. The mark-to-market for the insured credit derivative portfolio has fluctuated significantly over the last eight quarters, resulting in volatility in MBIA’s earnings,
moving from losses of $1.8 million, $14.3 million and $342 million in the first, second and third quarters of 2007, respectively, to losses of $3.37 billion and $3.58 billion in the fourth quarter of 2007 and first quarter of 2008, respectively,
then to gains of $3.32 billion and $105 million in the second and third quarters of 2008, followed by a loss of $1.67 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008. The volatility was primarily a result of changes in credit spreads, collateral erosion,
rating migration and fluctuations in spreads on MBIA credit derivatives. As a result of fluctuations in those spreads, the effect of the FAS 157 non-performance risk adjustment on the mark-to-market over the last four quarters has also fluctuated,
moving from gains of $3.56 billion and $2.89 billion in the first and second quarters of 2008, followed by a smaller gain of $606 million in the third quarter of 2008 and then an increase to $6.11 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008. 

We may report negative shareholders’ equity on a GAAP basis in a future period, which may have an impact on investors’ perceptions of the value of the Company

As of December 31, 2008, the Company reported on a GAAP basis $994 million of shareholders’ equity, $30 billion of assets and $787 billion of off
balance sheet liabilities, some of which are subject to fair value accounting. Volatility in our asset values, loss reserves, impairments or fair value of insured credit derivatives could cause our shareholders’ equity, and/or that of MBIA
Corp., to be negative on a GAAP basis in a future period, which may adversely impact investors’ perceptions of the value of the Company. 

31 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

Loss reserve estimates are subject to uncertainties and loss reserves may not be adequate to cover potential claims 

The financial guarantees issued by our Insurers insure the financial performance of the obligations guaranteed over an extended period of time, in some cases over 30 years, under
policies that we have, in most circumstances, no right to cancel. As a result of the lack of statistical paid loss data due to the low level of paid claims in our financial guarantee business and in the financial guarantee industry in general,
particularly, until recently, in the structured asset-backed area, we do not use traditional actuarial approaches to determine our loss reserves. The establishment of the appropriate level of loss reserves is an inherently uncertain process
involving numerous estimates and subjective judgments by management, and therefore, there can be no assurance that actual paid claims in our insured portfolio will not exceed its loss reserves. Small changes in the assumptions underlying these
estimates could significantly impact loss expectations. Additionally, we use both internal models as well as models generated by third party consultants and customized by us to project future paid claims on our insured portfolio and establish loss
reserves. There can be no assurance that the future loss projections based on these models are accurate. Recent unprecedented volatility in the credit markets has caused adjustments to these projections in a greater magnitude than we have previously
experienced. 

We recorded case basis losses incurred of $2.1 billion since the third quarter of 2007 related to such exposures. The case basis activity was in
addition to MBIA Corp.’s regular quarterly addition of 14% of scheduled earned premiums, or approximately $115 million since the third quarter of 2007. Additionally, further deterioration in the performance of RMBS, CMBS, CDOs of ABS or other
obligations MBIA Corp. or MBIA Illinois insures or reinsures could lead to the establishment of additional loss reserves and further losses or reductions in income. There can be no assurance that the estimates of probable and estimable losses are
accurate. Actual paid claims could exceed our estimate and could significantly exceed our loss reserves. If our loss reserves are not adequate to cover actual paid claims, MBIA Corp.’s results of operations and financial condition could be
materially adversely affected. Effective January 1, 2009, the Company adopted FAS 163, “Accounting for Financial Guarantee Insurance Contracts—an Intepretation of FASB Statement No. 60.” For additional information on the
Company’s loss reserving methodology and FAS 163, see “Note 3—Recent Accounting Pronouncements” in Part II, Item 8, and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical
Accounting Estimates” in Part II, Item 7. 

Credit risk modeling contains uncertainty over ultimate outcomes which make it difficult to estimate
potential paid claims and loss reserves and mark-to-market 

The securities our Insurers insure include highly complex transactions, the performance of which
depends on a wide variety of factors outside of our control, and in such transactions we must rely on financial models, generated internally and supplemented by models generated by third parties, to estimate future credit performance of the
underlying assets, and to evaluate structures, rights and our potential obligations over time. These estimates can vary materially based on relatively small changes in assumptions and the use of different modeling techniques. Also, for example, the
modeling of multi-sector CDOs requires analysis of both direct ABS as well as CDO collateral within the multi-sector CDOs, known as “inner securitizations,” and we do not consistently have access to all the detailed information necessary
to project every component of each inner securitization. Such “inner securitizations” may themselves include CDO collateral. Therefore, in some cases we put greater reliance on the models and analysis of third party market participants and
are not able to fully, independently and precisely verify each data point. Moreover, the performance of the securities that our Insurers insure and the underlying mark-to-market of our obligations depends on a wide variety of factors which are
outside our control, including the liquidity and performance of the collateral underlying such securities, the correlation of assets within collateral pools, the performance or non-performance of other transaction participants (including third-party
servicers) and the exercise of control or other rights held by other transaction participants. 

We continually monitor portfolio and transaction data and adjust
these credit risk models to reflect changes in expected and stressed outcomes over time. We use internal models for ongoing portfolio monitoring and to estimate case basis loss reserves and, where applicable, to mark our obligations under our
contracts to market and may supplement such models with third party models or use third party experts to consult with our internal modeling specialists. When using third party models, we perform the same review and analysis of the collateral, deal
structure, performance triggers and cash flow waterfalls as when using our internal models. However, both internal and external models are subject to model risk and there can be no assurance that these models are 

32 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

accurate or comprehensive in estimating our potential future paid claims and related loss reserves or that they are similar to methodologies employed by our
competitors, counterparties or other market participants. 

In addition, changes to our paid claims, loss reserve or mark-to-market models may be warranted in the
future. These changes could materially impact our financial results. 

Our risk management policies and procedures may not detect or prevent future losses

We assess our risk management policies and procedures on a periodic basis. As a result of such assessment, we may take steps to change our internal risk
assessment capabilities and procedures, our portfolio management policies, systems and processes and our policies and procedures for monitoring and assessing the performance of our insured portfolio in changing market conditions. There can be no
assurance, however, that these steps will be adequate to avoid future losses. 

Geopolitical conditions may adversely affect our Insurers’ business
prospects and insured portfolio 

General global unrest could further disrupt the economy in this country and around the world and could have a direct material
adverse impact on certain industries and on general economic activity. The Company has exposure in certain sectors that could suffer increased delinquencies and defaults as a direct result of these types of events. The Company’s exposure to
domestic and international airports and to domestic enhanced equipment trust certificate aircraft securitizations have experienced increased stress as a result of global events since 2001, including a downgrading of the ratings and the bankruptcy of
some of the underlying issuers, and could experience further stress in the event of general global unrest in the future. Other exposures that depend on revenues from business and personal travel, such as bonds backed by hotel taxes and car rental
fleet securitizations, have experienced or may experience increased levels of delinquencies and default. In addition, certain other sectors in which the Company has insured exposure, such as consumer loan securitizations (e.g., home equity, auto
loan and credit card transactions), have experienced increased delinquencies and defaults in the underlying pools of loans and could experience further defaults in the event of future global unrest. To the extent that certain corporate sectors may
be vulnerable to credit deterioration and increased defaults in the event of future global unrest, CDOs backed by pools of corporate debt issuances in those stressed sectors could also be adversely impacted. 

The Company’s insurance operations underwrite exposures to the Company’s reasonable expectation of future performance as well as at various stress levels estimating
defaults and other conditions at levels higher than are reasonably expected to occur. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will not incur material losses if the economic stress and increased defaults in certain sectors caused by
global unrest, terrorism, catastrophic events, natural disasters or similar events in the future is or will be more severe than the Company currently foresees and had assumed in underwriting its exposures. 

Liquidity and Market Related Risk Factors 

Recent adverse
developments in the credit markets may materially and adversely affect our ability to meet liquidity needs 

As a financial services company, we are
particularly sensitive to liquidity risk, which is the probability that an enterprise will not have sufficient resources to meet contractual payment obligations when due. Management of liquidity risk is of critical importance to financial services
companies, and most failures of financial institutions have occurred in large part due to their inability to maintain sufficient liquidity resources under adverse circumstances. Generally, lack of sufficient resources results from an
enterprise’s inability to sell assets at values necessary to satisfy payment obligations, the inability to access new capital through the issuance of equity or debt and/or an unexpected acceleration of payments required to settle liabilities.

We encounter liquidity risk in our insurance operations, asset/liability products business and corporate operations. The effects of the credit crisis which began in
the subprime segment of the mortgage-backed securities market and spread to a wide range of financial institutions and markets, asset losses and sectors, has caused the Company to experience material increased liquidity risk pressures in all of its
operations and businesses. The insurance business experienced elevated loss payments, and with its ratings downgrades beginning in June 2008, a drop in cash from new direct insurance writings. The downgrades also had a material impact on the 

33 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

asset/liability segment as they triggered liability terminations and collateralization requirements, and asset sales to meet those terminations resulted in significant
realized losses due to the devaluation of the asset portfolio in the segment. In addition, the impact of this crisis on the Company’s operating businesses has reduced or eliminated the ability of these subsidiaries at the present time to pay
dividends to the holding company to enable it to meet its debt service and other operating expense needs. Finally, if certain of our corporate debt obligations were to become accelerated, which could occur due to MBIA Corp. entering rehabilitation
proceedings, among other events, the Company would currently have insufficient assets to repay the accelerated obligations. 

If the current market dislocation and
economic conditions persist for an extended period of time or worsen, the Company could face additional liquidity pressure in all of its operations and businesses. Further stress could increase liquidity demands on the Company or decrease its
liquidity supply through additional defaulted insured exposures or devaluations and/or impairments of its invested assets. These pressures could arise from exposures beyond residential mortgage related stress, which to date has been the main cause
of stress. For further discussion on the Company’s liquidity risk, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity” in Part II, Item 7. 

An inability to access capital could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and ultimately adversely affect liquidity 

The Company’s access to external sources of financing, as well as the cost of such financing, is dependent on various factors, including the long term debt ratings of the
Company and the insurance financial strength ratings and long term business prospects of our Insurers and the perceptions of the financial strength of our Insurers and MBIA Inc. Our debt ratings are influenced by numerous factors, either in absolute
terms or relative to our peer group, such as financial leverage, balance sheet strength, capital structure and earnings trends. If we cannot obtain adequate capital on favorable terms or at all, our business, future growth, operating results and
financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Beginning in the second half of 2008, the volatility and disruption in the global credit markets have exerted
downward pressure on availability of liquidity and credit capacity for certain issuers. For example, recently credit spreads have widened considerably. 

As a result
of the illiquidity of fixed income markets during 2008, we implemented intercompany agreements to provide additional liquidity from MBIA Inc., MBIA Corp. and MBIA Illinois to the asset/liability products business, and this has reduced the liquidity
resources available to MBIA Inc., MBIA Corp. and MBIA Illinois for other purposes. Furthermore, the Company has terminated one of its credit facilities with third-party providers as discussed in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity” in Part II, Item 7. There can be no assurance that replacement providers will be available in the future. The inability to obtain adequate replacement capital on favorable
terms or at all could have an adverse impact on the Company’s business and financial condition. 

Because we are a holding company, our sources of liquidity
primarily consist of dividend payments from our Insurers and MBIA Asset Management, investment income and the issuance of debt. To the extent that we are unable to access capital, our Insurers may not have sufficient liquidity to meet their
obligations, will have less capacity to write business and may not be able to pay dividends to us without experiencing adverse rating agency action. Accordingly, our inability to maintain access to capital on favorable terms could have an adverse
impact on our ability to pay losses and debt obligations, to pay dividends on our capital stock, to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, to pay our operating expenses and to make capital investments in our subsidiaries. See
“—Our holding company structure and certain regulatory and other constraints could affect our ability to pay dividends and make other payments.” 

Our holding company structure and certain regulatory and other constraints could affect our ability to pay dividends and make other payments 

We are a holding company and have no substantial operations of our own or assets other than our ownership of MBIA Corp. and MBIA Illinois, our principal operating subsidiaries, MBIA Asset Management, and certain other smaller subsidiaries.
As such, we are largely dependent on dividends or advances in the form of intercompany loans from our Insurers to pay dividends on our capital stock, to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, to pay our operating expenses and to make
capital investments in our subsidiaries. Our Insurers are subject to 

34 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

various statutory and regulatory restrictions, applicable to insurance companies generally, that limit the amount of cash dividends, loans and advances that those
subsidiaries may pay to us. Regulations relating to capital requirements affecting some of our other subsidiaries may also restrict their ability to pay dividends and other distributions and make loans to us. 

Under New York and Illinois law, MBIA Corp. and MBIA Illinois, respectively, may generally pay stockholder dividends only out of statutory earned surplus and subject to additional
limits, as described in “Item 1. Business—Insurance Regulation” and “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 19: Insurance Regulations and Dividends” of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While MBIA Corp. did not pay dividends in 2008, its payment of an extraordinary dividend in February 2009 in connection the MBIA Illinois Transformation restricted its ability to pay dividends until February 10,
2010. In addition, as a result of the MBIA Illinois Transformation, MBIA Illinois has negative earned surplus and therefore is currently unable to pay dividends to the Company. 

Additionally, under New York law, the Superintendent may apply for an order directing him to rehabilitate or liquidate a domestic insurance company under certain circumstances, including upon the insolvency of the company, if
the company has willfully violated its charter or New York law or if the company is found, after examination, to be in such condition that further transaction of business would be hazardous to its policyholders, creditors or the public. The
Superintendent may also suspend an insurer’s license, restrict its license authority, or limit the amount of premiums written in New York if, after a hearing, he determines that the insurer’s surplus to policyholders is not adequate in
relation to its outstanding liabilities or financial needs. If the Superintendent were to take any such action with respect to MBIA Corp., it would likely result in the reduction or elimination of the payment of dividends to us. 

The inability of our Insurers to pay dividends in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could affect our ability to repay
our debt and to continue to pay a dividend on our common stock and have a material adverse effect on our operations. Furthermore, as a result of the illiquidity of fixed income markets during 2008, we implemented intercompany agreements to provide
additional liquidity from MBIA Inc. and MBIA Corp. to the asset/liability products business, and this has reduced the liquidity resources available to MBIA Inc. and MBIA Corp. for other purposes. 

Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our financial condition and future business 

Increases in prevailing interest rate levels can adversely affect the value of MBIA’s investment portfolio and, therefore, our financial condition. In the event that investments must be sold in order to make payments on
insured exposures, such investments would likely be sold at discounted prices. Lower interest rates can also result in lower net interest income since a substantial portion of assets are now held in cash and cash equivalents given the increased
focus on liquidity. Additionally, in the insurance operations, increasing interest rates could lead to increased credit stress on transactions in our insured portfolio, while a decline in interest rates could result in larger loss reserves on a
present value basis. In the asset/liability products segment of the investment management services division, higher interest rates or wider credit spreads could result in increased collateral posting requirements on investment agreements, repurchase
agreements and derivative contracts, as collateral obligations are measured on a market value basis. 

Prevailing interest rate levels can affect demand for financial
guarantee insurance. Lower interest rates are typically accompanied by narrower spreads between insured and uninsured obligations. The purchase of insurance during periods of relatively narrower interest rate spreads will generally provide lower
cost savings to the issuer than during periods of relatively wider spreads. These lower cost savings could be accompanied by a corresponding decrease in demand for financial guarantee insurance. Increased interest rates may decrease attractiveness
for issuers to enter into capital markets transactions, resulting in a corresponding decreasing demand for financial guarantee insurance. 

Revenues would be
adversely impacted due to a decline in realization of installment premiums 

Due to the installment nature of a significant percentage of its premium income,
MBIA Corp. has an embedded future revenue stream. The amount of installment premiums actually realized by MBIA Corp. could be reduced in the future due to factors such as not insuring new transactions, early termination of insurance contracts,
accelerated prepayments of underlying obligations or commutation of existing financial guarantee insurance policies. Such a reduction would result in lower revenues. 

35 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

Strategic Plan Related Risk Factors 

An
inability to achieve high stable insurer financial strength ratings for MBIA Illinois or any of our Insurers from the major rating agencies would materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and future business

MBIA Illinois’ and our other Insurers’ ability to attract new business and to compete with other financial guarantors is largely dependent on the
financial strength ratings assigned to them by the major rating agencies and the financial enhancement rating also assigned by S&P. We intend to comply with the requirements imposed by the rating agencies to achieve such ratings; however, no
assurance can be given that we will successfully comply with these requirements, that these requirements will not change or that, even if we comply with these requirements, one or more of such rating agencies will not lower or withdraw its financial
strength ratings of any of our Insurers or place it on “negative outlook” or “rating watch negative” status indicating that a downgrade may be considered in the future. Our Insurers’ ability to attract new business and to
compete with other financial guarantors has been adversely affected by these rating agency actions. Our Insurers’ ability to attract new business and to compete with other financial guarantors and its results of operations and financial
condition would be materially adversely affected by any actual reduction, or additional suggested possibility of a reduction, in its ratings. Requirements imposed by the rating agencies in order for our Insurers to maintain their insurer financial
strength ratings are outside of our control, and such requirements may oblige us to raise additional capital or take other remedial actions in a relatively short timeframe in order to maintain those ratings. 

An inability to raise capital for our Insurers in the future may limit their ability to write business and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
and business prospects 

Our Insurers’ ability to compete for financial guarantee business will depend on their financial strength and investors’
perceptions for their financial strength. To capitalize our Insurers to a level required to achieve high stable ratings in the future will require that we raise additional capital. In addition, due to regulatory and internal single and aggregate
risk limits, our Insurers may not be able to write business in certain categories of risk without raising additional capital. Our inability to raise capital on favorable terms could therefore materially adversely affect the business prospects of our
Insurers. In addition, it would have an adverse impact on their ability to pay losses, dividends and debt obligations. 

As a result of the MBIA Illinois
Transformation and the reinsurance of the MBIA Corp. and FGIC portfolios by MBIA Illinois, MBIA Illinois exceeded as of the closing date certain single and aggregate risk limits under the New York and Illinois laws and regulations, and MBIA Corp.
exceeded as of the closing date certain single risk limits under New York law. These insurers obtained waivers from the insurance departments of those states of such limits. In connection with the waivers, they submitted a plan to the
applicable insurance departments to achieve compliance with the applicable regulatory limits. Under the plans, they agreed not to write new financial guarantee insurance for certain issuers until they were in compliance with their single risk
limits and agreed to take commercially reasonable steps, including considering reinsurance, the addition of capital and other risk mitigation strategies, in order to comply with the regulatory single and aggregate risk limits. As a condition to
granting the waiver, the NYSID is requiring that, upon written notice from the NYSID, MBIA Corp. and MBIA Illinois, as applicable, will cease writing new financial guaranty insurance if the companies are not in compliance with the risk limitations
by December 31, 2009. MBIA Illinois and MBIA Corp. have also agreed to provide monthly reports to the NYSID regarding the steps to achieve compliance with these regulatory limits. Our inability to come into compliance with these risk limits may
prevent us from writing future new business and adversely affect our business prospects. 

Downgrades of the ratings of securities insured by our Insurers may
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition 

Individual credits in our insured portfolio (including potential new
credits) are assessed a rating agency “capital charge” based on a variety of factors, including the nature of the credits’ risk types, underlying ratings, tenor and expected and actual performance. In the event of an actual or
perceived deterioration in creditworthiness, a reduction in the underlying rating or a change in the rating agency capital methodology, any of our Insurers may be required to hold more of its capital in reserve against credits in its insured
portfolio, regardless of whether losses actually occur, or against potential new business. Significant reductions in underlying ratings of credits in 

36 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

an Insurer’s insured portfolio can produce significant increases in assessed “capital charges.” There can be no assurance that each of our
Insurer’s capital position will be adequate to meet such increased rating agency reserve requirements or that each Insurer will be able to secure additional capital, especially at a time of actual or perceived deterioration in creditworthiness
of new or existing credits. Unless an Insurer was able to increase its amount of available capital, an increase in capital charges could reduce the amount of capital available to pay claims and support its ratings and could have an adverse effect on
the Insurer’s ability to write new business. 

In 2008 Fitch, Moody’s and S&P announced the downgrade of, or other negative ratings actions with respect
to, certain transactions that MBIA Corp. insures, as well as a large number of structured finance transactions that serve as collateral in structured finance transactions that MBIA Corp. insures. There can be no assurance that additional securities
in MBIA Corp.’s or MBIA Illinois’ insured portfolio will not be reviewed and downgraded in the future. Moreover, we do not know if, and when, the rating agencies might review additional securities in our insured portfolio or review again
securities that have already been reviewed and/or downgraded. Downgrades of credits that one of our Insurer insures will result in higher capital charges to that Insurer under the relevant rating agency model or models. If the additional amount of
capital required to support such exposures is significant, the Insurer could look to raise additional capital, if available, on terms and conditions that may not be favorable to it, curtail current business writings, or pay to transfer a portion of
its in-force business to generate capital for rating agency purposes to maintain its ratings. Such capital raising may not be possible. Accordingly, additional downgrades of our insured credits could adversely affect the results of operations and
financial condition of our Insurers going forward. 

Changes in the rating agencies’ capital models and rating methodology with respect to financial
guarantee insurers may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition 

Changes in the rating agencies’ capital
models and rating methodology with respect to financial guarantee insurers and the risks in any of our Insurer’s investment portfolio and insured portfolio could require the Insurer to hold more capital against specified credit risks in the
insured portfolio. For example, the rating agencies have recently made changes to their capital models and rating methodology in response to the deterioration in the performance of certain securities. These requirements have placed stress on our
ratings and require us to raise additional capital to maintain our ratings. 

Demand for financial guarantee insurance will decline if investors’
confidence in financial guarantors’ financial strength or marketability declines 

The perceived financial strength of financial guarantee insurers also
affects demand for financial guarantee insurance. In 2008 most financial guarantee insurers’ insurer financial strength ratings were downgraded, placed on review for a possible downgrade or had their outlooks changed to “negative,”
which contributed to a decline in the demand for financial guarantee insurance generally. Should our Insurers or their competitors suffer from downgrades in financial strength ratings or some other deterioration in investors’ confidence in the
future such as changes in the perceived benefits and/or harm caused by the use of bond insurance, demand for financial guarantee insurance would be reduced significantly. 

Future competition may have an adverse effect on our Insurers’ businesses 

The businesses in which we expect our Insurers to participate
may be highly competitive. They may face competition from other financial guarantee insurance companies, other providers of third-party credit enhancement, such as multi-line insurance companies, credit derivative and swap providers and banks, and
alternative financing structures that do not employ third-party credit enhancement, and in 2008 a new financial guarantee insurer began competing in the municipal finance market during the first quarter of 2008 and another received a license in
October 2008 from the NYSID to write financial guarantee insurance. Increased competition, either in terms of price, alternative structures, or the emergence of new providers of credit enhancement, could have an adverse effect on our Insurers’
business prospects. In addition, an Insurer’s competitive position may suffer due to having been placed on review for a possible downgrade by a rating agency. 

The uncertainty created by market conditions and the related unpredictable actions of the regulators in the U.S. and foreign markets we serve may create unforeseen competitive advantages for our competitors due to, among other things,
explicit or implied support from the government. 

37 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

Future demand for our Insurers’ products depend on market and other factors that we do not control 

The demand for financial guarantee insurance depends upon many factors, some of which are beyond the control of the Company. Our ability to attract and compete for financial
guarantee business is largely dependent on the financial strength ratings assigned to our Insurers by the major rating agencies. During 2008, most monoline financial guarantee insurers were downgraded by one or more of the major rating agencies, and
the two remaining significant Triple-A monoline financial guarantee insurers were assigned a “Review for Possible Downgrade” status by Moody’s and announced an intention to merge. A new Triple-A financial guarantee insurer began
competing in the municipal finance market during the first quarter of 2008 and another received a license in October 2008 from the NYSID to write financial guarantee insurance. 

If demand for our insurance products increases in the future, investors from time to time distinguish among financial guarantors on the basis of various factors, including rating agency assessment, capitalization, size, insured
portfolio concentration and financial performance. These distinctions may result in differentials in trading levels for securities insured by particular financial guarantors which, in turn, may provide a competitive advantage to those financial
guarantors with better trading characteristics. In addition, various investors may, due to regulatory or internal guidelines, lack additional capacity to purchase securities insured by certain financial guarantors, which may provide a competitive
advantage to guarantors with fewer insured obligations outstanding. Differentials in trading values or investor capacity constraints that do not favor our Insurers would have an adverse effect on their ability to attract new business at appropriate
pricing levels, and our Insurers have experienced a decline in new business which are attributable to recent rating agency actions and their impact on investor perception. 

Additionally, in the face of the disruption in the credit markets and the 2008 ratings actions of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P concerning financial guarantee insurers generally and MBIA Corp. in particular, the price of our common stock
has experienced a significant decline and there has been a widening of spreads on our credit default swaps. This widening of spreads on our credit default swaps could impact the perception of our financial condition by MBIA Corp.’s and MBIA
Illinois’ insured bondholders and counterparties and could affect their willingness to purchase our insured bonds and to continue to enter into transactions with them. 

Regulatory regimes and changes to accounting rules may adversely impact financial results irrespective of business operations 

Accounting
standards and regulatory changes may require modifications to our accounting methodology, both prospectively and for prior periods and such changes could have an adverse impact on our financial results. The Financial Accounting Standards Board, or
“FASB,” and the International Accounting Standards Board, or “IASB,” are considering the accounting methodology to be applied by insurance companies and policyholders, including financial guarantee industry participants, for
claims liability recognition and premium recognition. When the FASB and IASB reach a conclusion on this project, MBIA Corp., MBIA Illinois and other financial guarantors may be required to change some aspects of their respective loss reserving
policies and the potential changes could extend to premium and expense recognition under FAS 163. We cannot currently assess how the FASB and IASB staffs’ ultimate resolution of this project will impact FAS 163. Until final guidance is issued,
we intend to apply our existing methodology for reporting for the year ended December 31, 2008 and apply FAS 163 beginning with reporting for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009. There can be no certainty, however, that the FASB or
IASB will not require us to modify our current methodology, either on a going-forward basis or for prior periods. Any required modification of our existing methodology, either with respect to these issues or other issues in the future, could have an
impact on our results of operations, including increased volatility of our earnings. 

Regulatory change could adversely affect our businesses

The financial guarantee insurance industry has historically been and will continue to be subject to the direct and indirect effects of governmental
regulation, including insurance laws, securities laws, tax laws and legal precedents affecting asset-backed and municipal obligations, as well as changes in those laws. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could expose our Insurers
to fines, the loss of their insurance licenses, and the inability to engage in certain business activity. In addition, future legislative, regulatory or judicial changes could adversely affect our Insurers’ ability to pursue business,
materially impacting our financial results. The NYSID has issued best practices regarding the laws and regulations that are applicable to our Insurers and to 

38 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

other monoline financial guarantee insurance companies and has indicated that it expects to propose legislative and regulatory changes to codify these best practices.
In addition, members of the U.S. Congress and federal regulatory bodies have suggested federal oversight and regulation of insurance, including bond insurance. See the section “Our Insurance Operations—Insurance Regulation” in
Item 1 for more information on these proposed changes. As a result of any changes to such laws and regulations or the Department’s interpretation thereof, MBIA could become subject to further restrictions on the type of business that it is
authorized to insure, especially in the structured finance area. Any such restrictions could have a material effect on the amount of premiums that MBIA earns in the future. Additionally, any changes to such laws and regulations could subject our
Insurers to increased reserving and capital requirements or more stringent regulation generally, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and future business. Moreover, the downturn in the financial
markets and resulting market-wide losses have caused various federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies to consider various changes to existing securities laws and the legal framework governing the financial industry. Any such changes may
affect the securities we insure, and may have the affect of diminishing or eliminating the market for those securities. We cannot predict what form these changes will take or how they will affect the Company. 

General Risk Factors 

Regulatory proceedings or private litigation
claims could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition 

The Company has received subpoenas or informal inquiries
from a variety of regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Securities Division of the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and other states’ regulatory authorities, regarding a variety of subjects, including
disclosures made by the Company to underwriters and issuers of certain bonds, disclosures regarding the Company’s structured finance exposure, the Company’s communications with rating agencies, and the methodologies used by rating agencies
for determining the credit rating of municipal debt. The Company is cooperating fully with each of these regulators and is in the process of satisfying all such requests. We may continue to receive additional subpoenas and other information requests
from the SEC or other regulatory agencies regarding similar issues. Although no regulatory action has been initiated against us in connection with the matters described above, it is possible that one or more regulatory agencies may pursue action
against us with respect to these or other similar matters. If such an action is brought, it could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As further set forth in the Legal Proceedings section below, the Company is named as a defendant in a number of litigations. These include several private securities class actions where the Company is named along with certain
of its current and former officers. These cases have been consolidated in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. A shareholder derivative lawsuit against certain of the Company’s present and former officers
and directors, and against the Company, as nominal defendant was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and a similar shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York,
County of Westchester. 

In addition, a number of California municipalities filed lawsuits against MBIA and other bond insurers in 2008 in two separate complaints.
The first complaint alleged (i) participation in a conspiracy in violation of California’s antitrust laws to maintain a dual credit rating scale that misstated the credit default risk of municipal bond issuers and created market demand for
municipal bond insurance, (ii) participation in risky financial transactions in other lines of business that damaged each bond insurer’s financial condition (thereby undermining the value of each of their guaranties), and a failure
adequately to disclose the impact of those transactions on their financial condition. These latter allegations form the predicate for five separate causes of action against each of the Insurers: breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good
faith and fair dealing, fraud, negligence, and negligent misrepresentation. The second complaint alleged fraud and violations of California’s antitrust laws through bid-rigging in the sale of municipal derivatives to municipal bond issuers.

Although the Company intends to vigorously defend against the aforementioned actions and against other potential actions, we cannot provide assurance that the
ultimate outcome of these actions will not cause a loss or a materially adversely effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

39 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

Adverse results from investment management services activities can adversely affect our financial position 

Our Investment Management Services businesses have grown as a proportion of our overall business. Events that negatively affect the performance of the Investment Management
Services businesses could have a negative effect on the overall performance of the Company, separate and distinct from the performance of the Company’s financial guarantee business. 

Our Investment Management Services businesses manage several asset-liability programs which enable us to earn a spread between the income earned on a portfolio of assets and the interest costs associated with the liabilities
incurred to fund the purchase of such assets. These asset-liability programs are managed within a number of risk and liquidity parameters, but there can be no assurance that such parameters are adequate to prevent a further decline in the value of
the assets or a further decline in investment income such that the programs will be unable to service outstanding liabilities. Any resulting loss could have an adverse impact on our financial position. 

In 2008, events that negatively affect the performance of the Investment Management Services businesses had a negative effect on the overall performance of the Company, separate
and distinct from the performance of the Company’s financial guarantee business. These primarily included reduced net interest income and realized losses from credit impairments and rebalancing of the asset portfolio into cash and short-term
investments to meet current and future liquidity needs. The market value of assets in the business also declined relative to their amortized cost, resulting in a negative adjustment to Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the Company’s balance
sheet. 

Ownership Change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code can have adverse tax consequences 

In connection with our equity offering that closed on February 13, 2008, the Warburg Pincus investments and other transactions in our shares from time to time, we may
experience an “ownership change” within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the aggregate ownership of certain stockholders in our
stock by more than 50 percentage points over a testing period (generally three years). If an ownership change were to occur, our ability to use certain tax attributes, including certain losses, credits, deductions or tax basis, may be limited. We
cannot give any assurance that we will not undergo an ownership change at a time when these limitations would have a significant effect. 

Any impairment in the
Company’s back-book earnings can materially affect the recoverability of our deferred tax assets 

The basis for evaluating the recoverability of a
deferred tax asset is the existence of future taxable income of appropriate character. To the extent that the Company’s ability to recognize future taxable income from its back-book earnings becomes impaired, the recoverability of certain
deferred tax assets may be materially affected by a corresponding increase to its valuation allowance. 

A different view of the Internal Revenue Service from
our current tax treatment of realized losses relating to insured CDS contracts can adversely affect our financial position 

As part of the Company’s
financial guarantee business, MBIA Corp. has sold credit protection by insuring derivative contracts with various financial institutions. MBIA Corp. treats these insured derivative contracts as insurance contracts for statutory accounting purposes,
which is the basis for computing MBIA Corp’s U.S. Federal taxable income. As such, the realized losses in connection with a credit event are considered loss reserve activities for tax purposes. Because the federal income tax treatment of CDS
contracts is an unsettled area of tax law, in the event that the Internal Revenue Service has a different view with respect to the tax treatment, MBIA Corp.’s results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

Servicer risk could adversely impact performance of Structured Finance transactions 

Structured finance obligations contain certain risks including servicer risk, which relates to problems with the transaction servicer (the entity which is responsible for collecting the cash flow from the asset pool) that could

40 

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) 

affect the servicing of the underlying assets. Structural risks primarily involve bankruptcy risks, such as whether the servicer of the assets may be required to delay
the remittance of any cash collections held by it or received by it after the time it becomes subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. Structured finance transactions are usually structured to reduce the risk to the investors from the
bankruptcy or insolvency of the servicer. The ability of the servicer to properly service and collect on the underlying assets is a factor in determining future asset performance. MBIA Corp. addresses these issues through its servicer due diligence
and underwriting guidelines, its formal credit review and approval process and its post-closing servicing review and monitoring, however, no assurance can be given that the servicer will properly effect its duties. 

A default by one or more of our key reinsurers or by a financial guarantee insurance company in which we hold an investment could adversely impact our capital position,
financial strength rating and ability to write new business 

Our Insurers have used reinsurance to cede exposure for purposes of syndicating risk and
increasing its capacity to write new business while complying with its single risk and credit guidelines. Reinsurers and counterparties under other reimbursement agreements may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack
of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. Such defaults could have a material adverse effect on our business or profitability or require us to raise additional capital. MBIA Corp. remains liable on a
primary basis for all reinsured risk, and although MBIA Corp. believes that its reinsurers remain capable of meeting their obligations, there can be no assurance of such in the future. MBIA Corp. generally retains the right to recapture the business
ceded to reinsurers under certain circumstances, including rating downgrades of its reinsurers. 

In addition to reliance on key financial guarantee reinsurers, MBIA
has certain other exposures to financial guarantee insurance companies. Portions of MBIA Corp.’s investment portfolio, as well as the investments held in relation to our asset management businesses, are insured by other monoline financial
guarantee insurance companies. Further, we own a small amount of direct investments in debt and other securities of the holding companies of other monoline financial guarantee insurance companies. A significant financial deterioration of one or more
of those companies could impact the market value of investments and increase the amount of capital required to maintain our Insurers’ insurance financial strength ratings.