. 

You should read
the following risk factors carefully when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results,
financial condition and the actual outcome of matters described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties
that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance or financial condition in the future. 

9 

Table of Contents

We operate in a highly competitive industry. 

The food and snacking industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors are major international food, snack and beverage companies that, like us, operate in
multiple geographic areas. We compete based on price, product innovation, product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of sales and marketing, routes to market and distribution networks, promotional activity and the ability to
identify and satisfy consumer preferences. 
Competitor and customer pressures may require that we reduce our prices. These pressures may also restrict our ability
to increase prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. The emergence of new distribution channels, such as Internet sales directly to consumers, may affect customer and consumer preferences. We may also need to increase or reallocate
spending on marketing, advertising and new product innovation to protect or increase market share. These expenditures are subject to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we reduce prices or our costs
increase, but we cannot increase sales volumes to offset those changes, then our financial condition and results of operations will suffer. 
Maintaining,
extending and expanding our reputation and brand image is essential to our business success. 

We have many iconic brands with worldwide recognition. Our success
depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands into new geographies and to new distribution platforms, including online, and expand our brand image with new product offerings. 

We seek to maintain, extend and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and product innovation. Continuing
global focus on health and wellness, including weight management, and increasing media attention to the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image. It could also lead to stricter regulations and more focus on food and snacking
marketing practices. Increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising, consumer promotions and marketing, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend and expand our brands. Moreover, adverse
publicity about regulatory or legal action against us or environmental and human rights risks in our supply chain could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers’ confidence and reduce long-term demand for our products,
even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or these matters are immaterial to our operations. 
In addition, our success in maintaining, extending and
expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. We are subject to a variety of legal and
regulatory restrictions on how and to whom we market our products (for instance, marketing to children). These restrictions may limit our ability to maintain, extend and expand our brand image, particularly as social media and the communications
environment continue to evolve. Negative posts or comments about us on social networking web sites (whether factual or not) could seriously damage our reputation and brand image across the various regions in which we operate. If we do not maintain,
extend and expand our reputation and brand image, then our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We are subject to risks generally associated with companies that operate globally. 

We are a global company and generated 83.1% of our 2013 net revenues, 82.9% of our 2012 net revenues and 83.7% of our 2011 net revenues outside the United States. We
manufacture and market our products in approximately 165 countries and have operations in more than 80 countries, so we are subject to risks inherent in multinational operations. Those risks include: 

•

compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), 

•

compliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, and a variety of other local, national and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple regimes, 

•

changes in tax laws, interpretation of tax laws and tax audit outcomes, 

•

fluctuations in currency values, especially in emerging markets, 

•

changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls such as the devaluation in Venezuela in 2013, 

•

discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies, 

•

increased sovereign risk, such as default by or deterioration in the credit worthiness of local governments, 

•

varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights, 

10 

Table of Contents

•

greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles, 

•

design and implementation of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base, and 

•

imposition of more or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, and similar restrictions on our sales or regulations, taxes or policies that might negatively affect our sales. 

In addition, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, public
corruption, expropriation and other economic or political uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. We could also be adversely impacted by continued instability in the banking and governmental
sectors of certain countries in the European Union or the dynamics associated with the federal and state debt and budget challenges in the United States. All of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could
materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to
political, economic and regulatory risks. 

Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including Brazil,
China, India, Mexico, Russia, Venezuela, Argentina, Ukraine, the Middle East and Africa, and Southeast Asia. However, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and
labor disruptions than more established markets. In many countries outside of the United States, particularly those with emerging economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with
extraterritorial reach, such as the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act, or local anti-bribery laws. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in
connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial
condition and results of operations. 
In addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local
manufacturers expand and improve their production capacities. Our success in emerging markets is critical to our growth strategy. If we cannot successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and
currency volatility, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
The consolidation of retail
customers creates larger retailers with increased influence in the marketplace. 

Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors
in the European Union, the United States and our other major markets, continue to consolidate, resulting in fewer customers on which we can rely for business. Consolidation also produces larger, more sophisticated retail customers that can resist
price increases and demand lower pricing, increased promotional programs or specifically tailored products. In addition, larger retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and
market their own retailer brands. Further retail consolidation and increasing retail power could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers’ business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material
adverse effect on us. For example, if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing, then they may delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases, which could materially and
adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers could
adversely affect sales and our ability to supply products to our customers. 

During 2013, our five largest customers accounted for 15.0% of our net revenues.
There can be no assurance that our customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers continue to demand lower pricing and develop their
own brands. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales, or a change in the mix of products we sell to a significant customer, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of
operations. 

11 

Table of Contents

Additionally, disputes with significant suppliers, including those related to pricing or performance, could adversely
affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Commodity and other input prices are volatile and may rise significantly or availability of commodities may become constrained. 

We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including sugar and other sweeteners, coffee, cocoa, wheat, corn products, soybean and vegetable oils and dairy. In
addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of packaging materials to package our products and natural gas, fuels and electricity for our factories and warehouses. Prices for commodities, other supplies and energy are volatile and can
fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict, including global competition for resources, currency fluctuations, political conditions, severe weather, the potential longer-term consequences of climate change on agricultural
productivity, consumer or industrial demand and changes in governmental trade, alternative energy and agricultural programs. Many of the commodities we purchase are grown by smallholder farmers, who might lack the capacity to invest to increase
productivity or adapt to these conditions. Although we monitor our exposure to commodity prices as an integral part of our enterprise risk management program and seek to hedge against input price increases, continued increases in the prices of
commodities and other supplies we purchase could increase the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer as a result. Moreover, increases in the price of our products to cover these increased costs may result in lower sales volumes,
while decreases could require us to lower our prices and thereby affect our revenues, profits or margins. Likewise, constraints in the supply of key commodities may limit our ability to grow our net revenues. If we are not successful in our
mitigation activities, if we are unable to price to cover increased costs or must reduce our prices, or if we are limited by supply constraints, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We must leverage our value proposition in order to compete against retailer brands and other economy brands. 

Retailers are increasingly offering retailer and other economy brands that compete with some of our products. Our products must provide higher value or quality to our
consumers than less expensive alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty such as those we continue to experience. Consumers may not buy our products if the difference in value or quality between our products and retailer or
other economy brands narrows or if consumers perceive a narrowing. If consumers switch to purchasing, or otherwise prefer retailer or other economy brands, then we could lose market share or sales volumes or need to shift our product mix to lower
margin offerings. This could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in laws and
regulations could increase our costs. 

Our activities throughout the world are highly regulated and subject to government oversight. Various laws and
regulations govern food production, storage, distribution, sales, advertising and marketing, as well as licensing, trade, labor, tax and environmental matters, and health and safety practices. Government authorities regularly change laws and
regulations. Our compliance with new or revised laws and regulations or their interpretation and application could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Legal or tax claims or other regulatory enforcement actions could subject us to civil and criminal penalties. 

We are a large food and snacking company operating in highly regulated environments and constantly evolving legal, tax and regulatory frameworks around the world.
Consequently, we are subject to greater risk of litigation, legal or tax claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can
be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover, our failure to maintain effective control environment processes could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and
regulations. Litigation, legal or tax claims or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and
adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 
We may decide or be required to recall products or be subjected
to product liability claims. 

Selling products for human consumption involves inherent risks. We could decide to, or be required by law or regulation to recall
products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, spoilage or other adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition and
results of operations. 

12 

Table of Contents

We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our products cause
injury, illness or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment against us, a related regulatory enforcement action or a widespread
product recall may materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against
our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 
Unanticipated
business disruptions could adversely affect our ability to provide our products to our customers and our results of operations. 

We manufacture and source
products and materials on a global scale. We have a complex network of suppliers, owned manufacturing locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks and information systems that support our ability consistently to provide our products
to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather, natural disasters, fire, explosions, terrorism, political unrest, generalized labor unrest or health pandemics, could damage or disrupt our operations, or our
suppliers’ or co-manufacturers’ operations. If we cannot respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair
damage to our information, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers. If that occurs, we may lose our customers’ confidence, and long-term consumer demand for our products could
decline. In addition, we might not have the functions, processes or organizational capability necessary to achieve on our anticipated timeframes our strategic ambition to reconfigure our supply chain and drive efficiencies to fuel growth. These
events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 
We must correctly predict, identify and interpret
changes in consumer preferences and demand, and offer new products to meet those changes. 

Consumer preferences for food and snacking products change
continually. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers around the world and to offer products that appeal to consumer preferences. If we do not offer products that appeal to
consumers or if we misjudge consumer demand for our products, our sales and market share will decrease and our profitability could suffer. 
We must distinguish
among short-term fads, mid-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those
preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, including by geography, we must offer an array of products that satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings
successfully across product categories, or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories, demand for our products will decrease and our profitability could suffer. 

Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food products could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products
and marketing programs. For example, recently, consumers have increasingly focused on health and wellness, including weight management and reducing sodium consumption. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may
be unsuccessful in these efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not successfully identify, complete or manage strategic transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
operating results. 

We evaluate a variety of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority investments and
other strategic alliances, that could further our strategic business objectives. We may not successfully identify, complete or manage the risks presented by these strategic transactions. Strategic transactions may result in the diversion of
management attention from our existing business and may present financial, managerial and operational risks. Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable transactions; negotiate favorable contractual terms; comply with
applicable regulations and receive necessary consents, clearances and approvals (including regulatory and antitrust clearances and approvals); integrate or separate businesses; realize the full extent of the benefits, cost savings or synergies
presented by strategic transactions; effectively implement control environment processes with employees joining us as a result of transactions; minimize adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; achieve
accurate estimates of fair value; minimize potential loss of customers or key employees; and minimize indemnities and potential disputes with buyers, sellers and strategic partners. 

13 

Table of Contents

With respect to acquisitions and joint ventures in particular, we are also exposed to potential risks based on our ability
to conform standards, controls, policies and procedures, and business cultures; consolidate and streamline operations and infrastructures; identify and eliminate redundant and underperforming operations and assets; manage inefficiencies associated
with the integration of operations; and coordinate antitrust and competition laws in the U.S., the European Union and other jurisdictions. Joint ventures and strategic alliances pose additional risks, as ownership and management responsibilities are
shared with one or more other parties who may not have the same objectives, priorities, strategies or resources as we do. Furthermore, we may not be able to complete, on terms favorable to us, desired or proposed divestitures of businesses that do
not meet our strategic objectives or our growth or profitability targets. Our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges or to take action to reduce costs that remain after a divestiture is completed. Gains or losses on
the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may also affect our profitability. 
Any of these risks and challenges could materially and adversely
affect our business, product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and stock price. 

The accuracy of our financial reporting depends on the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements and may not prevent or detect misstatements
because of its inherent limitations. These limitations include the possibility of human error, inadequacy or circumvention of controls and fraud. If we do not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or implement controls
sufficient to provide reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of our financial statements, we could be unable to file accurate financial reports on a timely basis, and our reputation, results of operations and
stock price could be materially adversely affected. 
In connection with management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as of December 31, 2013, we did not maintain effective monitoring and oversight of controls over the completeness, accuracy and presentation of our accounting for income taxes, including the
income tax provision and related tax assets and liabilities. We determined that the ineffective monitoring and oversight of controls over income tax accounting constitutes a material weakness. See Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, for a
discussion of our internal control over financial reporting and the material weakness. We have revised our first through third quarter 2013 and prior-year financial statements in this filing to reflect the related items in the appropriate periods,
although the errors are not material to any previously reported financial results. If the new controls we are implementing to address the material weakness and to strengthen our overall internal control over accounting for income taxes are not
designed or do not operate effectively, if we are unsuccessful in implementing or following these new processes or if we are otherwise unable to remediate this material weakness, we may not timely or accurately report our financial condition or
results of operations. This could adversely affect investor and business partner confidence in our financial reports and our stock price. 

We are subject to
currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

At December 31, 2013, we manufactured and marketed our products in approximately 165 countries, had operations in
more than 80 countries and made our products at 171 manufacturing and processing facilities in 58 countries. A significant portion of our business is exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our financial results and capital ratios are
sensitive to movements in currency exchange rates because a large portion of our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses must be translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes or converted into U.S. dollars to service obligations such as our
U.S. dollar-denominated indebtedness and dividends. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates can affect transaction costs because we source product ingredients from various countries. We may seek to mitigate our exposure to currency
exchange rate fluctuations, but our efforts may not be successful. Accordingly, changes in the relative value of any two currencies that we use for transactions could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We are increasingly dependent on information technology. 

We rely on
information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax
requirements. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our locations, personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. These information technology
systems, some of which are managed by third parties or used in connection with shared service centers, may be susceptible 

14 

Table of Contents

to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses,
attacks by computer hackers or other cybersecurity risks, telecommunication failures, user errors, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events. Furthermore, any of the aforementioned impacts to our business could be prolonged
to the extent such information technology systems are managed by third parties or used in connection with external shared service centers, as we will have to coordinate with such third parties for the resolution of any risks presented. If any of our
significant information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and our disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and
results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. 
In addition, if we are unable to
prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, we may suffer financial and reputational damage, litigation or remediation costs or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential
information belonging to us or to our partners, customers, suppliers or employees. The disclosure of non-public sensitive or protected information through external media channels could lead to the loss of intellectual property or damage our
reputation and brand image. Misuse, leakage or falsification of legally protected information could also result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations, damage our reputation and credibility, and have a negative impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 
Weak financial performance, downgrades in our credit ratings, illiquid global capital markets and volatile global
economic conditions could limit our access to the global capital markets, reduce our liquidity and increase our borrowing costs. 

From time to time we may need
to access the long-term and short-term global capital markets to obtain financing. Our financial performance, our short- and long-term credit ratings, the liquidity of the overall global capital markets and the state of the global economy, including
the food industry, will affect our access to, and the availability or cost of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future. There can be no assurance that we will have access to the global capital markets on terms we find acceptable.

We regularly access the U.S. and euro commercial paper markets for ongoing funding requirements. A downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing
costs and could adversely affect our ability to issue commercial paper. Disruptions in the global commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the global credit markets also could reduce the amount of commercial paper
that we could issue and could raise our borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings. 
Our inability to access the global capital markets or an
increase in our borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Volatility in the equity markets,
interest rates or other factors could substantially increase our pension costs. 

We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans for our employees
throughout the world. At the end of 2013, the projected benefit obligation of our defined benefit pension plans was $11.2 billion and plan assets were $9.2 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the
plans, significantly affects the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those plans. Our major defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio
of investments, including equities and corporate debt. Among other factors, changes in interest rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates, investment returns, minimum funding requirements in the jurisdictions in which the plans operate,
arrangements made with the trustees of certain plans and the market value of plan assets can affect the level of plan funding, cause volatility in the net periodic pension cost and increase our future funding requirements. Legislative and other
governmental regulatory actions may also increase funding requirements for our pension plans’ benefits obligation. 
Based on current tax laws, we estimate our
2014 pension contributions will be approximately $319 million. We also expect that our net pension cost will decrease to approximately $263 million in 2014 from $357 million in 2013. The decrease is primarily due to higher discount rates and
favorable asset performance. However, volatility in the global capital markets may increase the risk that we are required to make additional cash contributions to the pension plans and recognize further increases in our net pension cost beyond 2014.
Some of our pension trust assets are invested in European sovereign debt and subject to heightened risk that they could lose value as a result of political and financial turmoil in Europe. 

15 

Table of Contents

Due to our participation in multi-employer pension plans, we may have exposure under those plans that extends beyond what
our obligation would be with respect to our employees. Our contributions to a multi-employer plan may increase beyond our bargaining obligations depending on the financial condition of the multi-employer plan. We may be required to participate
in funding the unfunded obligations of the plan allocable to the withdrawing employer, and our costs might increase as a result. Further, if we have a partial or complete withdrawal from a multi-employer pension plan, we may be required to pay an
amount to the plan based on our allocable share of the underfunded status of the plan. This liability will generally increase if other employers cease participating in the plan whether or not due to bankruptcy. (See Note 10, Benefit Plans, to
the consolidated financial statements for more information.) 

A significant increase in our pension funding requirements could have a negative impact on our ability
to invest in the business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
We may be unable to hire or retain and develop key personnel
or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce or manage changes in our workforce. 

Our continued growth requires us to hire, retain and develop our
leadership bench and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We compete to hire new personnel and then to develop and retain their skills and competencies. Unplanned turnover or our failure to develop an adequate succession plan to backfill
current leadership positions, or to hire and retain a diverse global workforce with the skills we need to operate and grow our business, could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitive advantage. In addition, increased costs
due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs could adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, if we are unable to manage changes in our workforce appropriately or satisfy the
legal requirements associated with how we manage and compensate our employees, our reputation, ability to meet the needs of our customers, product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and our inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands. 

We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, copyrights and licensing agreements, to
be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights by taking advantage of a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in various countries, as well as licensing
agreements, third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or any change in law or other changes
that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. 

We may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands or products. Any litigation regarding patents or other
intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert management’s and other key personnel’s attention from our business operations. Third party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to pay
monetary damages or enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to injunctions against development and sale of certain of our products. Any of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales,
financial condition and results of operations.