. 

You should read the following risk factors
carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial
condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be
additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance or financial condition in the future. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry, which may affect our profitability. 

The food industry is intensely competitive. We compete based on price, product innovation, product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing, promotional activity and the ability to identify
and satisfy consumer preferences. From time to time, we may need to reduce our prices in response to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain our market share. Competition and customer pressures, however, also
may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to commodity and other input cost increases. Our results of operations will suffer if profit margins decrease, as a result of either a reduction in prices or increased input costs,
and if we are unable to increase sales volumes to offset those profit margin decreases. 

We may also need to increase spending on marketing,
advertising and new product innovation to protect existing market share or capture increased market share. The success of our investments is subject to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. As a
result, our increased expenditures may not maintain or enhance market share and could result in lower profitability. 

Our brand image may be
challenged to compete against lower-priced private label items, particularly in times of economic downturns. 

Retailers are increasingly offering
private label products that compete with our products. Consumers’ willingness to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to offer products that appeal to consumers at the right price. It is also
important that our products are perceived to be of a higher quality than less expensive alternatives. If the difference in quality between our products and those of store brands narrows, or if such difference in quality is perceived
to have narrowed, then consumers may not buy our products. Furthermore, during periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more private label or other economy brands, which could reduce sales volumes of
our higher margin products or there could be a shift in our product mix to our lower margin offerings. If we are not able to maintain or improve our brand image, it could have a material affect on our market share
and our profitability. 

11 

Consolidation of retail customers may affect our operating margins and profitability. In addition, the loss of a
significant customer could significantly affect our results of operations. 

Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food
distributors, continue to consolidate in the U.S., the EU and our other major markets. These consolidations have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power. These larger retailers are capable of operating
with reduced inventories, they can resist price increases, and they demand lower pricing, increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products. They also may use shelf space currently used for our products for their
own private label products. If we fail to respond to these trends, our volume growth could slow or we may need to lower our prices or increase our investments in marketing, any of which could adversely affect our profitability. 

Our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., accounted for approximately 15% of our net revenues during 2007. During 2007, our five largest customers accounted
for approximately 28% of our net revenues. The loss of any one of our top customers could have a material adverse affect on our sales.

Continuing
increases in commodity costs may affect our profitability. 

We are a major purchaser of commodities including, dairy, coffee, cocoa, wheat,
corn products, soybean and vegetable oils, nuts, meat products, and sugar and other sweeteners. We also use significant quantities of glass, plastic and cardboard to package our products, and natural gas for our factories and warehouses. Price
volatility for commodities we purchase has increased due to conditions outside of our control, including fluctuations in commodities markets, currency fluctuations and changes in governmental agricultural programs. If we are unable to
increase our prices to offset increased commodity costs or achieve cost efficiencies in manufacturing and distribution, our profitability could suffer. 

Our product sales depend on our ability to predict, identify and interpret changes in consumer preferences and develop and offer new products rapidly enough to meet those changes. 

Consumer preferences for food products change continually. For example, recently, consumers have been increasingly focused on health and wellness with respect to
the food products they buy. As a result, over the last several years our products have been subject to scrutiny relating to genetically modified organisms and the health implications of obesity and trans-fatty acids. Our success depends
on our ability to predict, identify and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to those preferences. We have been and will continue to be affected by publicity concerning the health
implications of our products, some of which could negatively influence consumer perception and acceptance of our products and marketing programs. 

Furthermore, if we do not succeed in offering products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease, and our profitability will suffer. We must be able to distinguish among short-term fads, mid-term
trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we are unable to accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those
preferences, our sales will decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, we must offer a sufficient array of products to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to successfully innovate products
across a multitude of product categories or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories, demand for our products will decrease and our profitability could suffer. 

Our international operations are subject to additional risks. 

Approximately 42% of our 2007 sales and approximately 39% of our 2006 sales were generated in foreign countries. Our international operations are subject to inherent risks, including fluctuations in currency values, unpredictability of
foreign currency exchange controls, discriminatory fiscal policies, unexpected changes in local regulations and laws in foreign countries and the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions. In addition,
international sales are subject to risks related to imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other similar restrictions. Moreover, economic changes, terrorist activity, political unrest and other economic or political uncertainties may
interrupt or otherwise negatively affect our business. All of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, either of which could adversely affect our profitability. 

We may not be able to successfully consummate proposed acquisitions or divestitures or successfully integrate acquired businesses. 

From time to time, we evaluate acquisition candidates that would strategically fit our business objectives. If we are unable to complete,
successfully integrate and develop these acquisition candidates to realize revenue growth and cost savings, our 

12 

financial results could be adversely affected. In addition, from time to time, we divest businesses that do not meet
our strategic objectives, or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. Our profitability may be affected by either gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from those businesses. Also,
we may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. Moreover, we may incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures which may reduce our
profitability. Finally, our acquisition or divestiture activities may present financial, managerial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and
financial and other systems, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, inaccurate estimates of fair value made in the accounting for acquisitions and amortization of acquired intangible assets which would
reduce future reported earnings, potential loss of customers or key employees of acquired businesses, and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. Any of these activities could affect our product sales, financial
conditions and results of operations. 

Product recalls, injuries caused by products or other legal claims could affect our reputation and profitability.

Selling products for human consumption involves inherent legal risks. We could be required to recall products due to product contamination,
spoilage or other adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering. We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our products cause injury, illness or death. In
addition, our advertising could be the target of claims of false or deceptive advertising. A significant product liability or other legal judgment against us, or a widespread product recall may adversely affect our
profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could adversely affect
our reputation and brand image. 

We operate in a highly regulated environment. 

Food production and marketing are highly regulated by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign agencies. New regulations and changes to existing regulations are issued regularly. Increased governmental
regulation of the food industry, such as proposed requirements designed to enhance food safety or to regulate imported ingredients, could increase our costs and adversely affect our profitability. 

Changes in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs. 

We maintain revolving credit facilities that historically have been used to support the issuance of commercial paper. A downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term debt rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial
paper we could issue or it could raise our borrowing costs, or both. 

Volatility in the equity markets or interest rates could substantially
increase our pension costs. 

At the end of 2007, the projected benefit obligation of our defined benefit pension plans was $10.2 billion
and assets were $11.0 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, significantly affects the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements
of those plans. Among other factors, changes in interest rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates, investment returns and the market value of plan assets can (i) affect the level of plan funding; (ii) cause volatility in the net
periodic pension cost; and (iii) increase our future funding requirements. In addition, if we divest certain businesses, we may be required to increase future contributions to the benefit plans and the related net periodic
pension cost could increase. A significant increase in our funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations and profitability.