. 

You should read the following risk factors carefully in connection
with evaluating our business and the forward – looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and the
actual outcome of matters as to which forward – looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks
and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance or financial condition in the future. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry. 

The food
industry is highly competitive. We compete based on price, product innovation, product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing, promotional activity and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. 

We may need to reduce our prices in response to competitive and customer pressures. Competition and customer pressures may also restrict our ability to increase
prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. We may also need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing, advertising and new product innovation to protect or increase market share. These expenditures are subject to risks,
including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we reduce prices or increase costs, but we cannot increase sales volumes to offset those changes, then our financial condition and results of operations will suffer.

Maintaining our reputation and brand image is essential to our business success. 

We have many iconic brands with worldwide recognition. Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms and expand our brand image with new
product offerings. 

We seek to maintain, extend and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions,
and product innovation. Continuing global focus on health and wellness, including weight management, and increasing media attention to the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and greater
scrutiny of food marketing practices. Increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising, consumer promotions and marketing, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend and expand our brands.
Moreover, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers’ confidence and reduce long-term demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is
unfounded or not material to our operations. 

In addition, our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to
adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how and to whom we market our
products, for instance marketing to children. These restrictions may limit our ability to maintain, extend and expand our brand image as the media and communications environment continues to evolve. Negative posts or comments about us on social
networking web sites could seriously damage our reputation and brand image. If we do not maintain, extend and expand our brand image, then our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

10 

We must leverage our value proposition to compete against retailer brands and other economy brands. 

Retailers are increasingly offering retailer and other economy brands that compete with some of our products. Our products must provide higher value and/or quality
to our consumers than less expensive alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty such as those we continue to experience. Consumers may not buy our products if the difference in value or quality between our products and
retailer or other economy brands narrows or if consumers perceive a narrowing. If consumers prefer retailer or other economy brands, then we could lose market share or sales volumes or shift our product mix to lower margin offerings. The impact
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The consolidation of retail customers could adversely
affect us. 

Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors in the U.S., the European Union and our other major
markets, continue to consolidate, resulting in fewer customers on which we can rely for business. Consolidation also produces large, more sophisticated retail customers that can resist price increases and demand lower pricing, increased promotional
programs or specifically tailored products. In addition, larger retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own retailer brands. Further retail consolidation
and increasing retail power could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Retail
consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers’ business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material adverse effect on us. For example, if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or
financing, then they may delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases. 

Changes in our
relationships with significant customers or suppliers could adversely affect us. 

During 2011, our five largest customers accounted for
approximately 21% of our net revenues with our largest customer Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., accounting for approximately 12% of our net revenues. There can be no assurance that all significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same
quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers continue to demand lower pricing and develop their own brands. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to a significant
customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Disputes with significant suppliers,
including regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Commodity and other input prices are volatile and may rise significantly. 

We purchase large quantities of commodities, including dairy, coffee beans, cocoa, wheat, corn products, soybean and vegetable oils, nuts, meat products, and sugar and other sweeteners. In addition, we purchase and
use significant quantities of plastic, glass and cardboard to package our products, and natural gas to operate our factories and warehouses. Prices for commodities, other supplies and energy are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are
difficult to predict, including global competition for resources, currency fluctuations, severe weather, consumer or industrial demand and changes in governmental trade, alternative energy and agricultural programs. In addition, speculative trading
often exacerbates price volatility. For 2011, our commodity costs were approximately $2.6 billion higher than for 2010. Although we monitor our exposure to commodity prices as an integral part of our overall risk management program, and seek to
hedge against input price increases, continued volatility in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase could increase the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer. Moreover, increases in the price of our products to
cover these increased costs may result in lower sales volumes. If we are not successful in our hedging activities, or if we are unable to price to cover increased costs, then commodity and other input price volatility or increases could materially
and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The proposed spin-off may not be completed on the terms or timeline
currently contemplated, if at all. 

In August 2011, we announced our intention to become two independent publicly traded companies through a U.S.
tax-free spin-off of our North American Grocery Business to existing shareholders. Unanticipated developments could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the proposed spin-off of the North American Grocery Business, including possible
problems or delays in obtaining various regulatory and tax approvals or clearances and disruptions in the capital and other financial markets, among other things. In addition, consummation of the proposed spin-off will require final approval from
our Board of Directors. Therefore, we cannot assure that we will be able to complete the spin-off on the terms or on the timeline that we announced, if at all. 

11 

In order to position ourselves for the proposed spin-off, we are actively pursuing strategic, structural and process
realignment and restructuring actions within our North American operations. These actions could lead to disruption of our operations, loss of, or inability to recruit, key personnel needed to operate and grow our businesses and complete the proposed
spin-off, weakening of our internal standards, controls or procedures, and impairment of our relationship with key customers and suppliers. We have and will continue to incur significant expenses in connection with the proposed spin-off. In
addition, completion of the proposed spin-off will require significant amounts of our management’s time and effort which may divert management’s attention from operating and growing our businesses and could adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

If the spin-off is completed, it may not achieve the intended results. 

If the proposed spin-off is completed, our operational and financial profile will change upon the separation of the North American Grocery Business from our other
businesses. As a result, our diversification of revenue sources will diminish, and our results of operations, cash flows, working capital and financing requirements may be subject to increased volatility. Further, shares of our Common Stock will
represent an investment in a smaller company with its business concentrated in the global snacks business. These changes may not meet some shareholders’ investment strategies, which could cause investors to sell their shares of our Common
Stock. Excessive selling could cause the relative market price of our Common Stock to decrease following the consummation of the proposed spin-off. 

In
addition, if the proposed spin-off is completed, as the Global Snacks Business our business in North America will be greatly reduced and a significantly greater proportion of our revenues will be derived from non-U.S. operations. Accordingly, the
risks discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report that are associated with operating a global business could increase if the proposed spin-off is completed. 

Changes in regulations could increase our costs and affect our profitability. 

Our activities in the United
States and around the world are highly regulated and subject to government oversight. Various federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations govern food production and marketing, as well as licensing, trade, tax and environmental matters.
Governing bodies regularly issue new regulations and changes to existing regulations. Our need to comply with new or revised regulations or their interpretation and application, including proposed requirements designed to enhance food safety or to
regulate imported ingredients, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Legal claims
or other regulatory enforcement actions could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that affect our product sales, reputation and profitability. 

We are a large food company operating in a highly regulated environment and a constantly evolving legal and regulatory framework around the world. Consequently, we
are subject to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our
employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover, the failure to maintain effective control environment processes could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. Legal claims or
regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales, reputation,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect us.

Selling products for human consumption involves inherent risks. We could decide to, or be required to recall products due to suspected or confirmed
product contamination, spoilage or other adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our products cause injury, illness or death. In addition, our
marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment or a related regulatory enforcement action against us, or a widespread product recall, may materially and
adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could
materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

We are subject to risks generally associated with companies that operate in a global environment, which could
affect our growth and financial performance. 

We generated approximately 60% of our 2011 net revenues, 57% of our 2010 net revenues and 49% of our
2009 net revenues outside the U.S. With operations in more than 80 countries, our operations are subject to risks inherent in multinational operations. Those risks include: 

•

 compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the U.S., such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), 

•

 compliance with a variety of local regulations and laws, 

•

 changes in tax laws and the interpretation of those laws, 

•

 fluctuations in currency values, 

•

 sudden changes in foreign currency exchange controls, 

•

 discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies, 

•

 difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions, 

•

 greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles, 

•

 effective and immediate implementation of control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base, and 

•

 imposition of more or new tariff, quotas, trade barriers, and similar restrictions on our sales outside the U.S. 

Moreover, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, public
corruption and other economic or political uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations. All of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could materially and adversely affect our product
sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operations in certain developing markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory
risks. 

Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in developing markets, including Brazil, China, India, Mexico,
Russia and Southeast Asia. However, some developing markets have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than established markets. In many countries outside of the U.S.,
particularly in those with developing economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act or similar local
anti-bribery laws. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Failure to comply with these laws could
subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition,
competition in developing markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand their production capacities. Our success in integrating Cadbury’s operations and products, many of which
have a strong presence in a number of developing markets, is critical to our growth strategy. If we cannot successfully increase our business in developing markets, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. 

Unanticipated business disruptions could affect our ability to provide our products to our customers. 

We have a complex network of suppliers, owned manufacturing locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks and information systems that support our
ability consistently to provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather, natural disasters, fire, terrorism, generalized labor unrest or health pandemics, could damage or disrupt our
operations, or our suppliers’ or co-manufacturers’ operations. If we cannot respond to disruptions in our operations, whether by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or are
unable to quickly repair damage to our information, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering, or unable to deliver, products to our customers. If that occurs, our customers’ confidence in us and long-term demand for our
products could decline. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

We must correctly predict, identify and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, and offer new products to meet those changes. 

Consumer preferences for food products change continually. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of
consumers and to offer products that appeal to consumer preferences. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease and our profitability could suffer. 

13 

We must distinguish among short-term fads, mid-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not
accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, we must offer an
array of products that satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product categories, or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories,
demand for our products will decrease and our profitability could suffer. 

Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain
food products could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. For example, recently, consumers have been increasingly focused on health and wellness, including weight management and reducing sodium
consumption. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may be unsuccessful in these efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our
product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not successfully complete proposed acquisitions or divestitures or integrate
acquired businesses. 

From time to time, we evaluate acquisition candidates that may strategically fit our business objectives. If we are unable to
complete acquisitions or to successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, including Cadbury, we could fail to achieve anticipated synergies and cost savings, including the expected increases in revenues and operating results, any of which
could materially and adversely affect our financial results. In addition, we may divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives, or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. We may not be able to complete desired or proposed
divestitures on terms favorable to us. Gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may affect our profitability. Moreover, we may incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures that reduce
our profitability. 

Our acquisition or divestiture activities may present financial, managerial and operational risks. Those risks include diversion of
management attention from existing core businesses, difficulties integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, effective and immediate implementation of control environment processes across our diverse employee population,
adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, inaccurate estimates of fair value made in the accounting for acquisitions and amortization of acquired intangible assets which would reduce future reported earnings,
potential loss of customers or key employees of acquired businesses, and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

Our acquisition of Cadbury and disposition of our Frozen Pizza business increased the portion of our assets, liabilities and earnings denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies, which increased our exposure to
currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our financial results and capital ratios are now more sensitive to movements in foreign exchange rates than in prior periods because a larger portion of our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses must be
translated into U.S. dollars for external reporting purposes or converted into U.S. dollars to service obligations such as our U.S. dollar – denominated indebtedness. In addition, movements in foreign exchange rates can affect transaction costs
because we source product ingredients from various countries. We may seek to mitigate our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations, but our efforts may not be successful. Accordingly, a depreciation of non-U.S. dollar currencies relative to
the U.S. dollar, or changes in the relative value of any two currencies that we use for transactions, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are increasingly dependent on information technology, and if we are unable to protect against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, our operations could be
disrupted. 

We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial
information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic
communications among our locations, personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. These information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during
the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic events. If our information
technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and
adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. 

14 

In addition, if we are unable to prevent security breaches, we may suffer financial and reputational damage or
penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, customers or suppliers. In addition, the disclosure of non-public sensitive information through external media channels could lead to
the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation and brand image. 

Weak financial performance, downgrades in our credit ratings, illiquid
capital markets and volatile economic conditions could limit our access to the capital markets, reduce our liquidity or increase our borrowing costs. 

From time to time we may need to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. Our financial performance, our short-and long-term credit
ratings, the liquidity of the overall capital markets and the state of the economy, including the food industry, will affect our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future. There can be no
assurance that we will have access to the capital markets on terms we find acceptable. 

We access the commercial paper market for regular funding
requirements. A downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and could affect our ability to issue commercial paper. Disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit
markets also could reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and could raise our borrowing costs for both short-and long-term debt offerings. Our inability to access the capital markets or an increase in our borrowing costs could
materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Volatility in the equity markets or interest rates could
substantially increase our pension costs and have a negative impact on our operating results and profitability. 

We sponsor a number of benefit
plans for employees in the United States, the United Kingdom and many other non-U.S. locations, including defined benefit pension plans, retiree health and welfare, active health care, severance and other postemployment benefits. At the end of 2011,
the projected benefit obligation of our defined benefit pension plans was $17.1 billion and assets were $13.4 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, significantly affects the net periodic
benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those plans. Our major defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of investments, including equities and
corporate debt. We also have an insignificant amount of trust assets invested in European and other sovereign debt. Among other factors, changes in interest rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates, investment returns, minimum funding
requirements in the jurisdictions in which the plans operate, arrangements made with the trustees of certain foreign plans and the market value of plan assets can affect the level of plan funding, cause volatility in the net periodic pension cost,
and increase our future funding requirements. Legislative and other governmental regulatory actions may also increase funding requirements for our pension plans’ benefits obligation. 

Based on current tax laws, we estimate the 2012 pension contributions will be approximately $480 million, which is approximately $420 million less than we contributed in 2011. We also expect that our net
pension cost will increase to approximately $750 million in 2012. Volatility in the global capital markets has increased the risk that we may be required to make additional cash contributions to the pension plans and recognize further increases in
our net pension cost beyond 2012. 

A significant increase in our U.S. pension funding requirements could have a negative impact on our ability to invest
in the business. In addition, if we divest certain businesses, we may be required to increase future contributions to the benefit plans and the related net periodic pension cost could increase.