. 

You should read the following risk factors
carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial
condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be
additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance or financial condition in the future. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry, which may affect our profitability. 

The food industry is intensely competitive. We compete based on price, product innovation, product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing, promotional activity and the ability to identify
and satisfy consumer preferences. From time to time, we may need to reduce our prices in response to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain our market share. Competition and customer pressures, however, also
may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to commodity and other input cost increases. Our results of operations will suffer if profit margins decrease, as a result of either a reduction in prices or increased input costs,
and if we are unable to increase sales volumes to offset those profit margin decreases. 

We may also need to increase spending on marketing,
advertising and new product innovation to protect existing market share or capture increased market share. The success of our investments is subject to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. As a
result, our increased expenditures may not maintain or enhance market share and could result in lower profitability. 

Our brands may be challenged
to compete against lower-priced private label products, particularly in times of economic downturns. 

Retailers are increasingly offering private label
products that compete with some of our products. Consumers’ willingness to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to offer products that appeal to consumers at the right price. It is also important
that our products provide higher value and / or quality to our customers than less expensive alternatives. If the difference in value or quality between our products and those of store brands narrows, or if such difference in quality is
perceived to have narrowed, then consumers may not buy our products. Furthermore, during periods of economic uncertainty, such as we are currently experiencing, consumers tend to purchase more private label or other economy brands,
which could reduce sales volumes of our higher margin products or there could be a shift in our product mix to our lower margin offerings. If we are not able to maintain or improve our brand image or value
proposition, it could have a material effect on our market share and our profitability. 

The consolidation of retail customers, the loss of a
significant customer, or a material reduction in sales to a significant customer could affect our operating margins, our profitability, our sales and our results of operations. 

Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors in the U.S., the EU and our other major markets, continue to consolidate. These consolidations have produced large,
sophisticated customers with increased buying power. These larger retailers, capable of operating with reduced inventories, can resist price increases and demand lower pricing, increased promotional programs and specifically tailored
products. They also may use shelf space currently used for our products for their own private label products. The consolidation of retail customers also increases the risk that a severe adverse impact on their business operations could
have a corresponding material adverse effect on us. Also, our retail customers may be affected by the current economic environment. For example, they may not have access to funds or financing and that could cause them to delay, decrease or
cancel purchases of our products, or to not pay us or to delay paying us for previous purchases. 

A few of our customers are material to our business and
operations. Our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., accounted for approximately 16% of our net revenues during 2008. During 2008, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 27% of our net revenues. There can be no
assurance that all significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same quantities that they have in the past. The loss of any one of our significant customers or a material reduction in sales to a significant customer could
have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 

Increased price volatility for commodities we purchase may affect our
profitability. 

We are a major purchaser of commodities, including dairy, coffee, cocoa, wheat, corn products, soybean and vegetable oils, nuts,
meat products, and sugar and other sweeteners. We also use significant quantities of plastic, glass and cardboard to package our products, and natural gas for our factories and warehouses. Price volatility for commodities we purchase has
increased due to conditions outside of our control, including the current economic environment, currency fluctuations, 

10 

availability of supply, weather, consumer demand and changes in governmental agricultural programs. Although we monitor our exposure to commodity prices as
an integral part of our overall risk management program, continued volatility in the prices of commodities we purchase could increase the costs of our products and services, and our profitability could suffer. 

Our product sales depend on our ability to predict, identify and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, and our ability to develop and offer new
products rapidly enough to meet those changes. 

Consumer preferences for food products change continually. For example, recently, consumers have
been increasingly focused on health and wellness with respect to the food products they buy. As a result, over the last several years our products have been subject to scrutiny relating to the health implications of obesity and trans-fatty
acids. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to those preferences. We have been and will continue to be affected by
publicity concerning the health implications of our products, some of which could negatively influence consumer perception and acceptance of our products and marketing programs. 

Furthermore, if we do not succeed in offering products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease, and our profitability could
suffer. We must be able to distinguish among short-term fads, mid-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we are unable to accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to
introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, we must offer a sufficient array of products to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer
preferences. If we fail to successfully expand our product offerings across a multitude of product categories or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories, demand for our products will decrease
and our profitability could suffer. 

Our international operations are subject to additional risks. 

We generated approximately 49% of our 2008 sales, 43% of our 2007 sales and 40% of our 2006 sales in foreign countries. Our international operations are subject to
inherent risks, including fluctuations in currency values, unpredictability of foreign currency exchange controls, discriminatory fiscal policies, unexpected changes in local regulations and laws, and the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies
in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, foreign jurisdictions could impose tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, and other similar restrictions on our international sales. Moreover, our international business operations could be interrupted and
negatively affected by economic changes, terrorist activity, political unrest, and other economic or political uncertainties. All of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, either of which could adversely affect
our profitability. 

If we are unable to expand our operations in certain emerging markets, our growth rate could be negatively affected.

In 2007, we unveiled our strategies to grow our international operations with increased focus on four emerging markets: Brazil, Russia, China and other
regions of Southeast Asia. The success of our international operations depends in part on our ability to grow our business in these and other emerging markets. In some cases, emerging markets have greater political and economic volatility and
greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. In addition, emerging markets are becoming more competitive as other international companies grow globally and local, low cost manufacturers expand their production capacities. If we are
unable to increase our business in emerging markets, our market share and profitability could be adversely affected. 

We may not be able to successfully
consummate proposed acquisitions or divestitures or successfully integrate acquired businesses. 

From time to time, we evaluate acquisition
candidates that would strategically fit our business objectives. If we are unable to complete, successfully integrate and develop these acquisition candidates to realize revenue growth and cost savings, our
financial results could be adversely affected. In addition, from time to time, we divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives, or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. Our profitability
may be affected by either gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from those businesses. Also, we may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. Moreover, we
may incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures which may reduce our profitability. Finally, our acquisition or divestiture activities may present financial, managerial and operational risks, including
diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, difficulties integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, inaccurate estimates
of fair value made in the accounting for acquisitions and amortization of acquired intangible assets which would reduce future reported earnings, potential loss of customers or key employees of acquired businesses, and indemnities and potential
disputes with the buyers or sellers. Any of these activities could affect our product sales, financial conditions and results of operations. 

11 

Business process improvement initiatives to simplify and harmonize our business processes may fail to operate as
designed and intended. 

We regularly implement business process improvement initiatives to simplify and harmonize our systems processes and to optimize
our performance. Our current business process initiatives include, but are not limited to, the Kraft Europe Reorganization, the delivery of an SAP enterprise resource planning application, and the outsourcing of certain administrative functions. If
our business process improvement initiatives fail, our ability to improve existing operations and support future growth could be delayed. 

Product
recalls, injuries caused by products or other legal claims could affect our sales, reputation and profitability. 

Selling products for human consumption
involves inherent legal risks. We could be required to recall products due to product contamination, spoilage or other adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering. We may also suffer losses if our products or operations
violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our products cause injury, illness or death. In addition, our advertising could be the target of claims of false or deceptive advertising. A significant product liability or other legal
judgment against us, or a widespread product recall may adversely affect our profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity
surrounding assertions against our products or processes could adversely affect our reputation and profitability. 

We operate in a highly
regulated environment. 

Food production and marketing are highly regulated by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign agencies. New regulations
and changes to existing regulations are issued regularly. Increased governmental regulation of the food industry, such as proposed requirements designed to enhance food safety or to regulate imported ingredients, could increase our costs and
adversely affect our profitability. 

The effects of the present economic environment on the credit markets and changes in our credit ratings could
adversely affect our liquidity. 

Our $4.5 billion revolving credit facility supports our commercial paper issuances. We use our commercial paper
program, in addition to international credit lines, for daily funding requirements. The present economic environment, in general, has restricted access to the credit markets. If the present economic environment worsens, our access to commercial
paper, our ability to refinance our credit facility by the time it expires in April 2010 and our ability to secure additional long or short-term financing, on terms and within a time period acceptable to us, could negatively affect our liquidity. In
addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, and it could raise our borrowing costs for both short-term and long-term debt offerings. 

Volatility in the equity markets or interest rates could substantially increase our pension costs and have a negative impact on our operating results and
profitability. 

At the end of 2008, the projected benefit obligation of our defined benefit pension plans was $9.3 billion and assets
were $7.0 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, significantly affects the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those plans.
Among other factors, changes in interest rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates, investment returns and the market value of plan assets can (i) affect the level of plan funding; (ii) cause volatility in the net periodic pension
cost; and (iii) increase our future funding requirements. In addition, if we divest certain businesses, we may be required to increase future contributions to the benefit plans and the related net periodic pension cost could
increase. 

We expect to make approximately $390 million in contributions to our pension plans in 2009, which is approximately $170 million more than we
made in 2008. We also expect that our net pension cost will increase by approximately $200 million to approximately $440 million in 2009. The current economic environment increases the risk that we may be required to make additional cash
contributions to the pension plans and recognize further increases in our net pension cost beyond 2009.