. 

You should read the following risk
factors carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results,
financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there
may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance or financial condition in the future. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry. 

The food
industry is highly competitive. We compete based on price, product innovation, product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing, promotional activity and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. 

We may need to reduce our prices in response to competitive and customer pressures in order to maintain our market share. Competition and
customer pressures may also restrict our ability to increase prices in response to 

10 

commodity and other cost increases. We may also need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing, advertising and new product innovation to protect or increase market share. These
expenditures are subject to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. Despite these expenditures, we may not successfully maintain or enhance market share. If we reduce prices or increase costs, but we cannot
increase sales volumes to offset those changes, then our financial condition and results of operations will suffer. 

Maintaining our reputation and
brand image is essential to our business success. 

Many of our brands are iconic, with worldwide recognition. Our success depends on our ability to
maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms and expand our brand image with new product offerings. 

We seek to
maintain, extend and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and product innovation. Continuing global focus on health and wellness, including weight management, and increasing media
attention to the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and greater scrutiny of food marketing practices. Increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising, consumer promotions and
marketing, or our response to such restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend and expand our brands. Moreover, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our
customers’ confidence and reduce long-term demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. 

In addition, our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online
dissemination of advertising campaigns. We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how and to whom we market our products, for instance marketing to children. These restrictions may limit our ability to maintain, extend and
expand our brand image as the media and communications environment continues to evolve. If we do not maintain, extend and expand our brand image, then our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected. 

We must leverage our value proposition to compete against retailer brands and other economy brands. 

Retailers are increasingly offering retailer and other economy brands that compete with some of our products. Our products must provide higher value and /
or quality to our consumers than less expensive alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty such as those we continue to experience. Consumers may not buy our products if the difference in value or quality between our products
and retailer or other economy brands narrows or if consumers perceive a narrowing. If consumers prefer retailer or other economy brands then we could lose market share or sales volumes or shift our product mix could shift to
lower margin offerings. These effects could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The consolidation of
retail customers could adversely affect us. 

Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors in the U.S., the
European Union and our other major markets, continue to consolidate, resulting in fewer customers on which we can rely for business. Consolidation also produces large, more sophisticated retail customers that can resist price increases
and demand lower pricing, increased promotional programs or specifically tailored products. In addition, larger retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market
their own retailer brands. Further retail consolidation may materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers’ business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material adverse effect on us. For example, if
our customers do not have access to sufficient funds or financing, then they may delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or refuse to pay us for previous purchases. 

Changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers could adversely affect us. 

During 2010,
our five largest customers accounted for approximately 26% of our net revenues with our largest customer Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., accounting for approximately 14% of our net revenues. There can be no assurance that all significant customers
will continue to purchase our products in the same quantities or on the same terms as in the past. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product
sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

11 

Disputes with significant suppliers, including regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to
supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Commodity and other input prices are volatile and may rise significantly. 

We purchase large quantities of commodities, including dairy, coffee, cocoa, wheat, corn products, soybean and vegetable oils, nuts, meat products, and sugar and other sweeteners. In addition, we purchase and
use significant quantities of plastic, glass and cardboard to package our products, and natural gas to operate our factories and warehouses. Prices for commodities, other supplies and energy are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that
are difficult to predict, including global competition for resources, currency fluctuations, severe weather, consumer demand and changes in governmental trade and agricultural programs. For example, unusually adverse weather conditions, such as the
heat wave in the grain growing regions of Russia and Ukraine and recent severe drought in the grain growing regions of China, have contributed to rising wheat and corn costs in 2010 and we expect such conditions to continue in 2011. For 2010, our
commodity costs were approximately $1.0 billion higher than 2009. Although we monitor our exposure to commodity prices as an integral part of our overall risk management program, and seek to hedge against price increases, continued volatility in the
prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase could increase the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer. Moreover, price increases to cover these increased costs may result in lower sales volumes. If we are not
successful in our hedging activities, or if we are unable to price to cover increased costs, then commodity and other input price volatility or increases could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Changes in regulations could increase our costs and affect our profitability. 

Our activities in the United States and around the world are highly regulated and subject to government oversight. Various federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations govern food production and
marketing, as well as licensing, trade, tax and environmental matters. Governing bodies regularly issue new regulations and changes to existing regulations. Our need to comply with new or revised regulations or their interpretation and application,
including proposed requirements designed to enhance food safety or to regulate imported ingredients, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that affect our product sales, reputation and
profitability. 

We are a large food company that operates in a highly regulated, highly competitive environment with growing retailer power and a
constantly evolving legal and regulatory framework around the world. Consequently, we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure
compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover, the failure to maintain effective control environment processes could lead to
violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. Legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal
penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales, reputation and profitability. 

Product recalls or other product liability
claims could materially and adversely affect us. 

Selling products for human consumption involves inherent risks. We could decide to, or be required
to recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, spoilage or other adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering. Any of these events could adversely affect our reputation and product sales, financial condition or
results of operations. 

We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our products cause injury,
illness or death. In addition, our marketing could be the target of claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment or a related regulatory enforcement action against us, or a
widespread product recall, may materially and adversely affect our profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against
our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

We are subject to risks generally associated with companies that operate in a global environment, which could
affect our growth and financial performance. 

We generated approximately 57% of our 2010 net revenues, 49% of our 2009 net revenues and 50% of our
2008 net revenues outside the U.S. With operations in more than 75 countries, our operations are subject to risks inherent in multinational operations. Those risks include: 

•

 compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the U.S., such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, 

•

 compliance with a variety of local regulations and laws, 

•

 changes in tax laws and the interpretation of those laws, 

•

 fluctuations in currency values, 

•

 sudden changes in foreign currency exchange controls, 

•

 discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies, 

•

 difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions, 

•

 greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles, 

•

 effective and immediate implementation of control environment processes across our diverse operations, and 

•

 imposition of more or new tariff, quotas, trade barriers, and similar restrictions on our sales outside the U.S. 

Moreover, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, public
corruption and other economic or political uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations. All of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could materially and adversely affect our product
sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operations in certain developing markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory
risks. 

Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in developing markets, including Brazil, China, India, Mexico,
Russia and Southeast Asia. However, some developing markets have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than established markets. In many countries outside of the U.S.,
particularly in those with developing economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar local anti-bribery laws. These
laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and
criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, competition in developing
markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand their production capacities. Our success in integrating Cadbury’s operations and products, many of which have a strong presence in a
number of developing markets, is critical to our growth strategy. If we cannot successfully increase our business in developing markets, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Unanticipated business disruptions could affect our ability to provide our products to our customers. 

We have a complex network of suppliers, owned manufacturing locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks and information systems that support our
ability consistently to provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather, natural disasters, fire, terrorism, generalized labor unrest or health pandemics, could damage or disrupt our
operations, or our suppliers’ or co-manufacturers’ operations. If we are unable to respond to disruptions in our operations, whether by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or
are unable to quickly repair damage to our information, production or supply systems, we may be late or unable to deliver products to our customers. If that were to occur, our customers’ confidence in us and long-term demand for our products
could decline. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

We must
correctly predict, identify and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, and offer new products to meet those changes. 

Consumer
preferences for food products change continually. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to consumer preferences. If we do not
offer products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease and our profitability could suffer. 

13 

We must distinguish among short-term fads, mid-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we
do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer
base, we must offer an array of products sufficient to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product categories, or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster
growing and more profitable categories, demand for our products will decrease and our profitability could suffer. 

Prolonged negative perceptions
concerning the health implications of certain food products could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. For example, recently, consumers have been increasingly focused on health and wellness,
including weight management and reducing sodium consumption. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may be unsuccessful in these efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer
preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Increased or unanticipated costs
or difficulties encountered in our continuing integration of Cadbury could affect our results of operations. 

We continue to integrate the operations
of our Cadbury business into our existing business. We expect the anticipated synergies of integration to increase revenues and operating results through enhanced growth opportunities and increased cost savings. If we encounter difficulties in fully
integrating the businesses, it could delay or we could fail to achieve anticipated synergies and cost savings, including the expected increases in revenues and operating results. If the difficulties are significant, our financial condition and
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Additionally, we expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with
combining our operations, including implementation cash costs that we estimate will be approximately $1.5 billion in the first three years following completion of the acquisition. Delays in integrating the businesses could cause such costs to be
significantly higher than anticipated. 

We may not successfully complete proposed acquisitions or divestitures or integrate acquired businesses.

From time to time, we evaluate acquisition candidates that may strategically fit our business objectives. If we are unable to
complete acquisitions or to successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, including Cadbury, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we may divest businesses that do not meet
our strategic objectives, or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. We may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. Gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income
from, those businesses may affect our profitability. Moreover, we may incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures that reduce our profitability.

Our acquisition or divestiture activities may present financial, managerial and operational risks. Those risks include diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, difficulties integrating
or separating personnel and financial and other systems, effective and immediate implementation of control environment processes across our diverse employee population, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers,
inaccurate estimates of fair value made in the accounting for acquisitions and amortization of acquired intangible assets which would reduce future reported earnings, potential loss of customers or key employees of acquired businesses, and
indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. Any of these factors could affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

Our acquisition of Cadbury and disposition of
our Frozen Pizza business increased the portion of our assets, liabilities and earnings denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies, which increased our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our financial results and capital ratios are now
more sensitive to movements in foreign exchange rates than in prior periods because a larger portion of our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses must be translated into U.S. dollars for external reporting purposes. In addition, movements in
foreign exchange rates can affect transaction costs because we source product ingredients from various countries. We may seek to mitigate our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations, but our efforts may not be successful. Accordingly, a
depreciation of non-U.S. dollar currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, or changes in the relative value of any two currencies that we use for transactions, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

14 

Business process improvement initiatives to harmonize our systems and processes may fail to operate as designed and
intended. 

We regularly implement business process improvement initiatives designed to harmonize our systems and processes and improve our
performance. Significant current business process improvement initiatives include reorganization of our European operations, delivery of a SAP enterprise resource planning application, and outsourcing certain administrative functions. Our business
process improvement initiatives may not be successful, or may interfere with our core business operations or divert management attention from those operations. If we are unable to improve existing operations, achieve anticipated cost savings and
support future growth, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Downgrades in our
credit ratings and other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit market could reduce our liquidity or increase our borrowing costs and liquidity. 

Our short- and long-term credit ratings affect our borrowing costs and access to financing. A downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and could affect our ability to issue commercial
paper. We access the commercial paper market for regular funding requirements. Disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit market also could reduce the amount of commercial paper that we
could issue and could raise our borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings. 

Volatility in the equity markets or interest rates
could substantially increase our pension costs and have a negative impact on our operating results and profitability. 

At the end of 2010, the
projected benefit obligation of our defined benefit pension plans was $15.6 billion and assets were $13.3 billion. The difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, significantly affects
the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those plans. Among other factors, changes in interest rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates, investment returns and the market value of plan
assets can affect the level of plan funding, cause volatility in the net periodic pension cost, and increase our future funding requirements. In addition, if we divest certain businesses, we may be required to increase
future contributions to the benefit plans and the related net periodic pension cost could increase. 

We expect to make approximately $940 million
in contributions to our pension plans in 2011, which is approximately $550 million more than we made in 2010. We also expect that our net pension cost will remain flat at approximately $530 million in 2011. Volatile economic conditions increase the
risk that we may be required to make additional cash contributions to the pension plans and recognize further increases in our net pension cost beyond 2011.