, and 
Item 7-Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
, contains forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our future financial performance. We may also make written and oral forward-looking statements in our SEC filings and elsewhere. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks, trends, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those items described in 
Item 1A-Risk Factors
 below, those identified elsewhere in this document, and other risks and factors identified from time to time in our SEC filings. We have tried, where possible, to identify such statements by using words such as 
believe
, 
expect
, 
intend
, 
estimate
, 
anticipate
, 
will
, 
likely
, 
project
, 
plan
, and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. Any forward-looking statements are and will be based upon our then-current expectations, estimates, and assumptions regarding future events and are applicable only as of the dates of such statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements that are part of this filing; actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

10

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained or incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K, investors should consider carefully the following risk factors when investing in our securities. In addition to the risks described below, there may be additional risks that we have not yet perceived or that we currently believe are immaterial.

Advertising represents the largest portion of our revenues. 
In fiscal 2010, 56 
percent o
f our revenues were derived from advertising. Advertising constitutes about half of our national media revenues and almost all of our local media revenues. Demand for advertising is highly dependent upon the strength of the U.S. economy. During an economic downturn, demand for advertising may decrease. The growth in alternative forms of media, for example the Internet, has increased the competition for advertising dollars, which could in turn reduce expenditures for magazine and television advertising or suppress advertising rates.

Circulation revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues. 
Magazine circulation is another significant source of revenue, representing 20 percent of total revenues and 26 pe
rcent of national media revenues.
 Preserving circulation is critical for maintaining advertising sales. Magazines face increasing competition from alternative forms of media and entertainment. As a result, sales of magazines through subscriptions and at the newsstand could decline. As publishers compete for subscribers, subscription prices could decrease and marketing expenditures may increase.

Client relationships are important to our integrated marketing businesses. 
Our ability to maintain existing client relationships and generate new clients depends significantly on the quality of our services, our reputation, and the continuity of Company and client personnel. Dissatisfaction with our services, damage to our reputation, or changes in key personnel could result in a loss of business. 

Paper and postage prices may be difficult to predict or control. 
Paper and postage represent significant components of our total cost to produce, distribute, and market our printed products. In fiscal 2010, these expenses accounted for 27 
percent 
of national media's operating costs. Paper is a commodity and its price has been subject to significant volatility. All of our paper supply contracts currently provide for price adjustments based on prevailing market prices; however, we historically have been able to realize favorable paper pricing through volume discounts and multi-year contracts. The USPS distributes substantially all of our magazines and many of our marketing materials. Postal rates are dependent on the operating efficiency of the USPS and on legislative mandates imposed upon the USPS. Although we work with others in the industry and through trade organizations to encourage the USPS to implement efficiencies that will minimize rate increases, we cannot predict with certainty the magnitude of future price changes for paper and postage. Further, we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers.

World events may result in unexpected adverse operating results for our local media segment. 
Our local media results could be affected adversely by world events such as wars, political unrest, acts of terrorism, and natural disasters. Such events can result in significant declines in advertising revenues as the stations will not broadcast or will limit broadcasting of commercials during times of crisis. In addition, our stations may have higher newsgathering costs related to coverage of the events.

Our local media operations are subject to FCC regulation. 
Our broadcasting stations operate under licenses granted by the FCC. The FCC regulates many aspects of television station operations including employment practices, political advertising, indecency and obscenity, programming, signal carriage, and various technical matters. Violations of these regulations could result in penalties and fines. Changes in these regulations could impact the results of our operations. The FCC also regulates the ownership of television stations. Changes in the ownership rules could affect our ability to consummate future transactions. Details regarding regulation and its impact on our local media operations are provided in 
Item 1-Business
 beginning on page 8.

Loss of affiliation agreements could adversely affect operating results for our local media segment
. Our broadcast television station business owns and operates 12 television stations. Six are affiliated with CBS, three 

11

with FOX, two with MyNetworkTV, and one with NBC. These television networks produce and distribute programming in exchange for each of our stations' commitment to air the programming at specified times and for commercial announcement time during the programming. The non-renewal or termination of any of our network affiliation agreements would prevent us from being able to carry programming of the affiliate network. This loss of programming would require us to obtain replacement programming, which may involve higher costs and which may not be as attractive to our audiences, resulting in reduced revenues.

We have two classes of stock with different voting rights
. We have two classes of stock: common stock and Class B stock. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share and account for approximately 30 percent of the voting power. Holders of Class B stock are entitled to ten votes per share and account for the remaining 70 percent of the voting power. There are restrictions on who can own Class B stock. The majority of Class B shares are held by members of Meredith's founding family. Control by a limited number of individuals may make the Company a less attractive takeover target, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. This voting control also prevents other shareholders from exercising significant influence over certain of the Company's business decisions.

Further non-cash impairment of goodwill and intangible assets is possible, depending upon future operating results and the value of the Company's stock. 
Although the Company wrote down certain of its intangible assets (including goodwill) by $294.5 million in fiscal 2009, further impairment charges are possible. We test our goodwill and intangible assets, including FCC licenses, for impairment during the fourth quarter of every fiscal year and on an interim basis if indicators of impairment exist. Factors which influence the evaluation include the Company's stock price and expected future operating results. If the carrying value of a reporting unit or an intangible asset is no longer deemed to be recoverable, a potentially material impairment charge could be incurred. Although these charges would be non-cash in nature and would not affect the Company's operations or cash flow, they would adversely affect stockholders' equity and reported results of operations in the period charged.

Acquisitions pose inherent financial and other risks and challenges. 
On occasion, we will acquire another business as part of our strategic plan. These transactions involve challenges and risks in negotiation, valuation, execution, and integration. Moreover, competition for certain types of acquisitions is significant, particularly in the field of interactive media. Even if successfully negotiated, closed, and integrated, certain acquisitions may not advance our business strategy and may fall short of expected return on investment targets.

The preceding risk factors should not be construed as a complete list of factors that

may affect our future operations and financial results.