below, those identified elsewhere in this document, and other risks and factors identified from time to time in our SEC filings. We have tried, where possible, to identify such statements by using words such as 
believe, 
expect, 
intend, 
estimate, 
anticipate, 
will, 
likely, 
project, 
plan, and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. Any forward-looking statements are and will be based upon our then-current expectations, estimates, and assumptions regarding future events and are applicable only as of the dates of such statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements that are part of this filing; actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained or incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K, investors should consider carefully the following risk factors when investing in our securities. In addition to the risks described below, there may be additional risks that we have not yet perceived or that we currently believe are immaterial.

Advertising represents the largest portion of our revenues.  Approximately 60 percent of our revenues are derived from advertising. Advertising constitutes about half of our publishing segment revenues and almost all of our broadcasting segment revenues. Demand for advertising is highly dependent upon the strength of the U.S. economy. During an economic downturn, demand for advertising may decrease. The growth in alternative forms of media, for example the Internet, has increased the competition for advertising dollars, which could in turn reduce expenditures for magazine and television advertising or suppress advertising rates.

Circulation revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues.  Magazine circulation is another significant source of revenue, representing 21 percent of total revenues and 27 percent of publishing segment revenues. Preserving circulation is critical for maintaining advertising sales. Magazines face increasing competition from alternative forms of media and entertainment. As a result, sales of magazines through subscriptions and at the newsstand could decline. As publishers compete for subscribers, subscription prices could decrease and marketing expenditures may increase.

Client relationships are important to our book and integrated marketing businesses.  Our ability to maintain existing client relationships and generate new clients depends significantly on the quality of our services, our reputation, and the continuity of Company and client personnel. Dissatisfaction with our services, damage to our reputation, or changes in key personnel could result in a loss of business.

Paper and postage prices may be difficult to predict or control.  Paper and postage represent significant components of our total cost to produce, distribute, and market our printed products. In fiscal 2007, these expenses accounted for approximately 28 percent of the publishing segment's operating costs. Paper is a commodity and its price has been subject to significant volatility. Historically, we have been able to realize favorable paper pricing through volume discounts and multi-year contracts; however, all of our paper supply contracts currently provide for price adjustments based on prevailing market prices. The USPS distributes substantially all of our magazines and many of our marketing materials. Postal rates are dependent on the operating efficiency of the USPS and on legislative mandates imposed upon the USPS. Although we work with others in the industry and through trade organizations to encourage the USPS to implement efficiencies that will contain rate increases, we cannot predict with certainty the magnitude of future price changes in paper and postage. Further, we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers.

-11-

World events may result in unexpected adverse operating results for our broadcasting segment.  Our broadcasting results could be affected adversely by world events such as wars, political unrest, acts of terrorism, and natural disasters. Such events can result in significant declines in advertising revenues as the stations will not broadcast, or will limit broadcasting, of commercials during times of crisis. In addition, our stations may have higher newsgathering costs related to coverage of the events. 

Our broadcasting operations are subject to FCC regulation.  Our broadcasting stations operate under licenses granted by the FCC. The FCC regulates many aspects of television station operations including employment practices, political advertising, indecency and obscenity, programming, signal carriage, and various technical matters. Violations of these regulations could result in penalties and fines. Changes in these regulations could impact the results of our operations. The FCC also regulates the ownership of television stations. Changes in the ownership rules could affect our ability to consummate future transactions. It is uncertain how the FCC-mandated transition to DTV will affect viewership. Details regarding regulation and its impact on our broadcasting operations are provided in Item 1-Business beginning on page 6.

Loss of affiliation agreements could adversely affect operating results for our broadcasting segment.  Our broadcast television station business owns and operates 13 television stations. 

Six are affiliated with CBS, three with FOX, two with MyNetworkTV, one with NBC, and one with CW. These television networks produce and distribute programming in exchange for each of our stations' commitment to air the programming at specified times and for commercial announcement time during the programming. The non-renewal or termination of any of our network affiliation agreements would prevent us from being able to carry programming of the affiliate network. This loss of programming would require us to obtain replacement programming, which may involve higher costs and which may not be as attractive to our target audiences, resulting in reduced revenues.

We have two classes of stock with different voting rights.  We have two classes of stock: common stock and Class B stock. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share and account for approximately 30 percent of the voting power. Holders of Class B shares are entitled to ten votes per share and account for the remaining 70 percent of the voting power. There are restrictions on who can own Class B shares. The majority of Class B shares are held by members of Meredith's founding family. Control by a limited number of individuals may make the Company a less attractive takeover target, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. This voting control also prevents other shareholders from exercising significant influence over certain of our Company's business decisions.

We could incur non-cash charges due to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.  We test our goodwill and intangible assets, including FCC licenses, for impairment during the fourth quarter of every fiscal year and on an interim basis if indicators of impairment exist. If the fair value of a reporting unit or an intangible asset declines, a potentially material non-cash impairment charge could be incurred.

Acquisitions pose inherent financial and other risks and challenges.  On occasion, Meredith will acquire another business as part of our strategic plan. These transactions involve challenges and risks in negotiation, execution, valuation, and integration. Moreover, competition for certain types of acquisitions is significant, particularly in the field of interactive media. Even if successfully negotiated, closed, and integrated, certain acquisitions may not advance our business strategy and may fall short of expected return on investment targets.

The preceding risk factors should not be construed as a complete list of factors that
may affect our future operations and financial results.

-12-