Investing
in Medtronic involves a variety of risks and uncertainties, known and unknown,
including, among others, those discussed below.

          The medical device industry is highly competitive and
we may be unable to compete effectively.

          We
compete in both the therapeutic and diagnostic medical markets in more than 120
countries throughout the world. These markets are characterized by rapid change
resulting from technological advances and scientific discoveries. In the
product lines in which we compete, we face a mixture of competitors ranging
from large manufacturers with multiple business lines to small manufacturers
that offer a limited selection of products. Development by other companies of
new or improved products, processes or technologies may make our products or
proposed products less competitive. In addition, we face competition from
providers of alternative medical therapies such as pharmaceutical companies.
Competitive factors include:

 •

 product reliability,

 •

 product
 performance,

 •

 product
 technology,

 •

 product
 quality,

 •

 breadth of
 product lines,

 •

 product
 services,

 •

 customer
 support,

 •

 price, and

 •

 reimbursement
 approval from healthcare insurance providers.

          Major
shifts in industry market share have occurred in connection with product
problems, physician advisories and safety alerts, reflecting the importance of
product quality in the medical device industry. In the current environment of
managed care, consolidation among healthcare providers, increased competition
and declining reimbursement rates, we have been increasingly required to
compete on the basis of price. In order to continue to compete effectively, we
must continue to create, invest in or acquire advanced technology, incorporate
this technology into our proprietary products, obtain regulatory approvals in a
timely manner and manufacture and successfully market our products. Given these
factors, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue our level of
success in the industry.

          Reduction or interruption in supply and an inability
to develop alternative sources for supply may adversely affect our
manufacturing operations and related product sales.

          We
manufacture most of our products at 22 manufacturing facilities located
throughout the world. We purchase many of the components and raw materials used
in manufacturing these products from numerous suppliers in various countries.
Generally we have been able to obtain adequate supplies of such raw materials
and components. However, for reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness
or availability, we procure certain components and raw materials from a sole
supplier. While we work closely with our suppliers to try to ensure continuity
of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability, we cannot guarantee
that these efforts will be successful. In addition, due to the stringent
regulations and requirements of the FDA regarding the manufacture of our
products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement
sources for certain components or materials. A reduction or interruption in
supply, and an inability to develop alternative sources for such supply, could
adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products in a timely or cost
effective manner and to make our related product sales.

          Our industry is experiencing greater scrutiny and
regulation by governmental authorities, which may lead to greater governmental
regulation in the future.

          Our
medical devices and our business activities are subject to rigorous regulation,
including by the FDA and numerous other federal, state and foreign governmental
authorities. These authorities and members of Congress have been increasing
their scrutiny of our industry. For example, we have received inquiries from
members of Congress and other government agencies regarding a variety of
matters. In addition, certain states have recently passed or are considering
legislation restricting our interactions with health care providers and
requiring disclosure of certain payments to them. Also, while recent case law
has clarified that the FDA’s authority over medical devices preempts state tort
laws, legislation has been introduced at the federal level to allow state
intervention. We anticipate that the government will continue to scrutinize our
industry closely, and that additional regulation by governmental authorities
may increase compliance costs, exposure to litigation and other adverse effects
to our operations.

17

Table of Contents

          We are subject to many laws and governmental
regulations and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect
our financial condition and business operations.

          Our
medical devices are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies,
including the FDA and comparable foreign agencies. To varying degrees, each of
these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations governing the
development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of
our medical devices. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain
marketing clearance for our new products, or enhancements or modifications to
existing products, and if we do, such approval may: 

 •

 take a
 significant amount of time, 

 •

 require the
 expenditure of substantial resources, 

 •

 involve
 stringent clinical and pre-clinical testing, 

 •

 involve
 modifications, repairs or replacements of our products and 

 •

 result in
 limitations on the proposed uses of our products.

          Both
before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing
responsibilities under FDA regulations. We are also subject to periodic
inspections by the FDA to determine compliance with the FDA’s requirements,
including primarily the quality system regulations and medical device reporting
regulations. The results of these inspections can include inspectional
observations on FDA’s Form-483, warning letters or other forms of enforcement.
Since 2009, the FDA has significantly increased its oversight of companies subject
to its regulations, including medical device companies, by hiring new investigators and stepping
up inspections of manufacturing facilities. The FDA has recently also significantly increased
the number of warning letters issued to companies. If the FDA were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws
or regulations, or that any of our medical devices are ineffective or pose an
unreasonable health risk, the FDA could ban such medical devices, detain or
seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order a recall, repair,
replacement, or refund of such devices, refuse to grant pending premarket
approval applications or require certificates of foreign governments for
exports and/or require us to notify health professionals and others that the
devices present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health.
The FDA may also impose operating restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain
violations of applicable law pertaining to medical devices and assess civil or
criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us. The FDA may also
recommend prosecution to the Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory
action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively marketing
and selling our products. Currently, we are aware of three active outstanding
warning letters from the FDA: one issued in June 2009 to one of our facilities
in Puerto Rico; one issued in November 2009 to our CRDM Mounds View
facility; and another one issued in May 2010 to our Surgical Technologies facility in Louisville, Colorado.

          Foreign
governmental regulations have become increasingly stringent and more common,
and we may become subject to more rigorous regulation by foreign governmental
authorities in the future. Penalties for a company’s noncompliance with foreign
governmental regulation could be severe, including revocation or suspension of
a company’s business license and criminal sanctions. Any domestic or foreign
governmental law or regulation imposed in the future may have a material
adverse effect on us.

          We
are also subject to various environmental laws and regulations both within and
outside the U.S. Our operations involve the use of substances regulated under
environmental laws, primarily those used in manufacturing and sterilization
processes. We cannot guarantee that compliance with environmental protection
laws and regulations will not have a material impact on our consolidated
earnings, financial condition and/or cash flows.

18

Table of Contents

          Our failure to comply with rules relating to
reimbursement and regulation of healthcare goods and services may subject us to
penalties and adversely impact our reputation and business operations.

          Our
devices are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by the HHS,
including the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) as well as
comparable state and foreign agencies responsible for reimbursement and
regulation of healthcare goods and services. Foreign governments also impose
regulations in connection with their healthcare reimbursement programs and the
delivery of healthcare goods and services. U.S. federal government healthcare
laws apply when we submit a claim on behalf of a U.S. federal healthcare
program beneficiary, or when a customer submits a claim for an item or service
that is reimbursed under a U.S. federal government funded healthcare program,
such as Medicare or Medicaid. The principal U.S. federal laws implicated
include those that prohibit the filing of false or improper claims for federal
payment, known as false claims law, those that prohibit unlawful inducements
for the referral of business reimbursable under federally-funded healthcare
programs, known as the anti-kickback laws, and those that prohibit healthcare
service providers seeking reimbursement for providing certain services to a
patient who was referred by a physician that has certain types of direct or
indirect financial relationships with the service provider, known as the Stark
law.

          The
laws applicable to us are subject to evolving interpretations. If a
governmental authority were to conclude that we are not in compliance with
applicable laws and regulations, we and our officers and employees could be
subject to severe criminal and civil penalties, including, for example,
exclusion from participation as a supplier of product to beneficiaries covered
by CMS. If we are excluded from participation based on such an interpretation
it could adversely affect our reputation and business operations.

          Quality problems with our processes, goods and
services could harm our reputation for producing high quality products and
erode our competitive advantage.

          Quality
is extremely important to us and our customers due to the serious and costly
consequences of product failure. Our quality certifications are critical to the
marketing success of our goods and services. If we fail to meet these standards
our reputation could be damaged, we could lose customers and our revenue and
results of operations could decline. Aside from specific customer standards,
our success depends generally on our ability to manufacture to exact tolerances
precision engineered components, subassemblies and finished devices from
multiple materials. If our components fail to meet these standards or fail to
adapt to evolving standards, our reputation as a manufacturer of high quality
components will be harmed, our competitive advantage could be damaged and we
could lose customers and market share.

          We are substantially dependent on patent and other
proprietary rights and failing to be successful in patent litigation or other
litigation may result in our payment of significant monetary damages and/or
royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future
products or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and proprietary rights
against others.

          We
operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent
litigation can result in significant damage awards and injunctions that could
prevent our manufacture and sale of affected products or require us to pay
significant royalties in order to continue to manufacture or sell affected
products. At any given time, we are generally involved as both a plaintiff and
a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which
may not be known for prolonged periods of time. While it is not possible to
predict the outcome of patent litigation incidents to our business, we believe
the results associated with any litigation could result in our payment of
significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our
ability to sell current or future products or prohibit us from enforcing our
patent and proprietary rights against others, which would generally have a
material adverse impact on our consolidated earnings, financial condition
and/or cash flows.

          We
rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets and nondisclosure and
non-competition agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property,
and we will continue to do so. While we intend to defend against any threats to
our intellectual property, there can be no assurance that these patents, trade
secrets or other agreements will adequately protect our intellectual property.
There can also be no assurance that pending patent applications owned by us
will result in patents being issued to us, that patents issued to or licensed
by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by
competitors or that such patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently
broad to protect our technology or to provide us with any competitive
advantage. Third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to
negotiate licenses to conduct our business, and there can be no assurance that
the required licenses would be available on reasonable terms or at all. We also
rely on nondisclosure and non-competition agreements with certain employees,
consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other
proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be
breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will
not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or
that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or
proprietary knowledge.

19

Table of Contents

          Product liability claims could adversely impact our
financial condition and our earnings and impair our reputation.

          Our
business exposes us to potential product liability risks which are inherent in
the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. In addition, many of
the medical devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the
human body for long periods of time. Component failures, manufacturing defects,
design flaws or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or
product-related information with respect to these or other products we manufacture
or sell could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a
patient. The occurrence of such a problem could result in product liability
claims or a recall of, or safety alert relating to, one or more of our products
which could ultimately result, in certain cases, in the removal from the body
of such products and claims regarding costs associated therewith. We have
elected to self-insure with respect to product liability risks. Product
liability claims or product recalls in the future, regardless of their ultimate
outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation
and on our ability to attract and retain customers for our products.

          Healthcare policy changes, including recent federal
legislation to reform the U.S. healthcare system, may have a material adverse
effect on us.

          In
response to perceived increases in health care costs in recent years, there
have been and continue to be proposals by the federal government, state
governments, regulators and third-party payors to control these costs and, more
generally, to reform the U.S. healthcare system. Certain of these proposals
could limit the prices we are able to charge for our products or the amounts of
reimbursement available for our products and could limit the acceptance and
availability of our products. Moreover, as discussed below, recent federal
legislation would impose significant new taxes on medical device makers such as
us. The adoption of some or all of these proposals, including the recent federal
legislation, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and
results of operations.

          On
March 23, 2010, President Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act. The legislation imposes significant new taxes on medical device
makers. Under the legislation, the total cost to the medical device industry
would be approximately $20 billion over ten years. These taxes will result in a
significant increase in the tax burden on our industry, which could have a material,
negative impact on our results of operations and our cash flows. Other elements
of this legislation such as comparative effectiveness research, an independent
payment advisory board, payment system reforms including shared savings pilots
and other provisions could meaningfully change the way healthcare is developed
and delivered, and may materially impact numerous aspects of our business.

          Our self-insurance program may not be adequate to
cover future losses.

          We
have elected to self-insure most of our insurable risks. We made this decision
based on conditions in the insurance marketplace that have led to increasingly
higher levels of self-insurance retentions, increasing numbers of coverage
limitations and dramatically higher insurance premium rates. We continue to
monitor the insurance marketplace to evaluate the value to us of obtaining
insurance coverage in the future. While based on historical loss trends we
believe that our self-insurance program accruals will be adequate to cover
future losses, we cannot guarantee that this will remain true. Historical
trends may not be indicative of future losses. These losses could have a
material adverse impact on our consolidated earnings, financial condition
and/or cash flows.

20

Table of Contents

          If we experience decreasing prices for our goods and
services and we are unable to reduce our expenses, our results of operations
will suffer.

          We
may experience decreasing prices for the goods and services we offer due to
pricing pressure experienced by our customers from managed care organizations
and other third-party payors, increased market power of our customers as the
medical device industry consolidates and increased competition among medical
engineering and manufacturing services providers. If the prices for our goods
and services decrease and we are unable to reduce our expenses, our results of
operations will be adversely affected.

          We are subject to a variety of risks due to our
international operations that could adversely affect those operations or our
profitability and operating results.

          Our
operations in countries outside the U.S., which accounted for 41 percent of our
net sales for the year ended April 30, 2010, are accompanied by certain
financial and other risks. We intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities
in sales outside the U.S., which could expose us to greater risks associated
with international sales and operations. Our profitability and international
operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks and
potential costs, including: 

 •

 changes in
 foreign medical reimbursement programs and policies, 

 •

 changes in
 foreign regulatory requirements, 

 •

 local
 product preferences and product requirements, 

 •

 longer-term
 receivables than are typical in the U.S.,

 •

 fluctuations
 in foreign currency exchange rates,

 •

 less
 protection of intellectual property in some countries outside the U.S., 

 •

 trade
 protection measures and import and export licensing requirements, 

 •

 work force
 instability, 

 •

 political
 and economic instability, and

 •

 the
 potential payment of U.S. income taxes on certain earnings of our foreign
 subsidiaries’ upon repatriation.

          In
particular, the Obama administration has announced potential legislative
proposals to tax profits of U.S. companies earned abroad. While it is
impossible for us to predict whether these and other proposals will be
implemented, or how they will ultimately impact us, they may materially impact
our results of operations if, for example, our profits earned abroad are
subject to U.S. income tax or we are otherwise disallowed deductions as a
result of these profits.

          In
addition, a significant amount of trade receivables are with national
healthcare systems in many countries. In light of the current economic state of
many foreign countries, we continue to monitor their creditworthiness; however,
repayment is dependent upon the financial stability of the economies of those
countries.

          Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an
adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.

          Many
healthcare industry companies, including medical device companies, are
consolidating to create new companies with greater market power. As the
healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to
industry participants will become more intense. These industry participants may
try to use their market power to negotiate price concessions or reductions for
medical devices that incorporate components produced by us. If we are forced to
reduce our prices because of consolidation in the healthcare industry, our
revenues would decrease and our consolidated earnings, financial condition
and/or cash flows would suffer.

21

Table of Contents

          Our
business is indirectly subject to healthcare industry cost containment measures
that could result in reduced sales of medical devices containing our
components.

          Most
of our customers, and the healthcare providers to whom our customers supply
medical devices, rely on third-party payors, including government programs and
private health insurance plans, to reimburse some or all of the cost of the
procedures in which medical devices that incorporate components we manufacture
or assemble are used. The continuing efforts of government, insurance companies
and other payors of healthcare costs to contain or reduce these costs could
lead to patients being unable to obtain approval for payment from these
third-party payors. If that were to occur, sales of finished medical devices
that include our components may decline significantly and our customers may
reduce or eliminate purchases of our components. The cost containment measures
that healthcare providers are instituting, both in the U.S. and internationally,
could harm our ability to operate profitably. For example, managed care
organizations have successfully negotiated volume discounts for
pharmaceuticals. While this type of discount pricing does not currently exist
for medical devices, if managed care or other organizations were able to affect
discount pricing for devices, it may result in lower prices to our customers
from their customers and, in turn, reduce the amounts we can charge our
customers for our medical devices.

          Our
research and development efforts rely upon investments and alliances, and we
cannot guarantee that any previous or future investments or alliances will be
successful.

          Our
strategy to provide a broad range of therapies to restore patients to fuller, healthier
lives requires a wide variety of technologies, products and capabilities. The
rapid pace of technological development in the medical industry and the
specialized expertise required in different areas of medicine make it difficult
for one company alone to develop a broad portfolio of technological solutions.
In addition to internally generated growth through our research and development
efforts, historically we have relied, and expect to continue to rely, upon
investments and alliances to provide us access to new technologies both in
areas served by our existing businesses as well as in new areas.

          We
expect to make future investments where we believe that we can stimulate the
development of, or acquire, new technologies and products to further our
strategic objectives and strengthen our existing businesses. Investments and
alliances in and with medical technology companies are inherently risky, and we
cannot guarantee that any of our previous or future investments or alliances
will be successful or will not materially adversely affect our consolidated
earnings, financial condition and/or cash flows.

          The
success of many of our products depends upon strong relationships with
physicians.

          If
we fail to maintain our working relationships with physicians, many of our
products may not be developed and marketed in line with the needs and
expectations of the professionals who use and support our products, which could
cause a decline in earnings and profitability. The research, development,
marketing and sales of many of our new and improved products is dependent upon
our maintaining working relationships with physicians. We rely on these
professionals to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience
regarding our products and the marketing of our products. Physicians assist us
as researchers, marketing and product consultants, inventors and public
speakers. If we are unable to maintain our strong relationships with these
professionals and continue to receive their advice and input, the development
and marketing of our products could suffer, which could have a material effect
on our consolidated earnings, financial condition and/or cash flows.

          Negative
conditions in the global credit market may impair our commercial paper program,
our auction rate securities and our other fixed income securities, which may
cause losses and cause us to face liquidity issues.

          We
have investments in marketable debt securities which are classified and
accounted for as available-for-sale. Our debt securities include U.S. and
foreign government and agency securities, corporate debt securities,
certificates of deposit and mortgage backed and other asset backed securities
including auction rate securities. Market conditions over the past several
years have included periods of significant economic uncertainty and at times
general market distress especially in the banking and financial services
sector. During these periods of economic uncertainty, we may experience reduced
liquidity across the fixed income investment market, including the securities
that we invest in. In the event we need to sell these securities, we may not be
able to do so in a timely manner or for a value that is equal to the underlying
principal. In addition, we may
be required to adjust the carrying value of the securities and record an
impairment charge. If we determine that the fair value of the securities is
temporarily impaired, we would record a temporary impairment within other
comprehensive income, a component of shareholders’ equity. If it is determined
that the fair value of these securities is other-than-temporarily impaired, we
would record a loss in our consolidated statements of earnings, which could
materially adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

22

Table of Contents

          Negative
market conditions may also impair our ability to access the capital markets
through the issuance of commercial paper or debt securities, or may impact our
ability to sell such securities at a reasonable price and may negatively impact
our ability to borrow from financial institutions.