Investing in Medtronic involves a variety of risks and uncertainties, known and unknown,
including, among others, those discussed below.

The medical device industry is highly competitive and we may be unable to compete effectively.

We compete in both the therapeutic and diagnostic medical markets in more than 120
countries throughout the world. These markets are characterized by rapid change resulting from technological advances and scientific
discoveries. In the product lines in which we compete, we face a mixture of competitors ranging from large manufacturers with
multiple business lines to small manufacturers that offer a limited selection of products. Development by other companies of
new or improved products, processes or technologies may make our products or proposed products less competitive. In addition,
we face competition from providers of alternative medical therapies such as pharmaceutical companies. Competitive factors include:

•

product reliability,

•

product performance,

•

product technology,

•

product quality,

•

breadth of product lines,

•

product services,

•

customer support,

•

price, and

•

reimbursement approval from healthcare insurance providers.

Major shifts in industry market share have occurred in connection with product problems,
physician advisories and safety alerts, reflecting the importance of product quality in the medical device industry. In the
current environment of managed care, consolidation among healthcare providers, increased competition, and declining reimbursement
rates, we have been increasingly required to compete on the basis of price. In order to continue to compete effectively, we
must continue to create, invest in, or acquire advanced technology, incorporate this technology into our proprietary products,
obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, and manufacture and successfully market our products. Given these factors,
we cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue our level of success in the industry.

Reduction or interruption in supply and an inability to develop alternative sources for supply may adversely affect our
manufacturing operations and related product sales.

We manufacture most of our products at 22 manufacturing facilities located throughout
the world. We purchase many of the components and raw materials used in manufacturing these products from numerous suppliers
in various countries. Generally we have been able to obtain adequate supplies of such raw materials and components. However,
for reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, or availability, we procure certain components and raw materials
only from a sole supplier. While we work closely with our suppliers to try to ensure continuity of supply while maintaining
high quality and

30

Table of Contents

reliability, we cannot guarantee that these efforts will be successful. In addition, due to the stringent regulations and requirements
of the U.S. FDA regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement
sources for certain components or materials. A reduction or interruption in supply, and an inability to develop alternative
sources for such supply, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products in a timely or cost effective manner
and to make our related product sales.

We are subject to many laws and governmental regulations and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect
our financial condition and business operations.

Our medical devices are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies, including
the FDA and comparable foreign agencies. To varying degrees, each of these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations
governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, and distribution of our medical devices. We cannot
guarantee that we will be able to obtain marketing clearance from the FDA for our new products, or enhancements or modifications
to existing products, and if we do, such approval may:

•

take a significant amount of time,

•

require the expenditure of substantial resources,

•

involve stringent clinical and pre-clinical testing,

•

involve modifications, repairs or replacements of our products, and

•

result in limitations on the proposed uses of our products.

Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities
under FDA regulations. If the FDA were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that
any of our medical devices are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, the FDA could ban such medical devices, detain
or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such devices, and require
us to notify health professionals and others that the devices present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public
health. The FDA may also impose operating restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain violations of applicable law pertaining
to medical devices, and assess civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees, or us. The FDA may also recommend
prosecution to the Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively
marketing and selling our products.

Foreign governmental regulations have become increasingly stringent, and we may become
subject to more rigorous regulation by foreign governmental authorities in the future. Penalties for a company’s noncompliance
with foreign governmental regulation could be severe, including revocation or suspension of a company’s business license
and criminal sanctions. Any domestic or foreign governmental law or regulation imposed in the future may have a material adverse
effect on us.

We are also subject to various environmental laws and regulations both within and
outside the U.S. Our operations involve the use of substances regulated under environmental laws, primarily those used in manufacturing
and sterilization processes. We cannot guarantee that compliance with environmental protection laws and regulations will not
have a material impact on our consolidated earnings, financial condition, or cash flows.

Our failure to comply with strictures relating to reimbursement and regulation of healthcare goods and services may subject
us to penalties and adversely impact our reputation and business operations.

Our devices are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by the United States
Department of Health and Human Services, including the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) as well as comparable
state and foreign agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of healthcare goods and services. Foreign governments
also impose regulations in connection with their healthcare reimbursement programs and the delivery of healthcare goods and
services. U.S. federal government healthcare laws apply when we submit a claim on behalf of a U.S. federal healthcare program
beneficiary, or when a customer submits a claim for an item or service that is reimbursed under a U.S. federal

31

Table of Contents

government funded healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. The principal U.S. federal laws implicated include those
that prohibit the filing of false or improper claims for federal payment, those that prohibit unlawful inducements for the
referral of business reimbursable under federally-funded healthcare programs, known as the anti-kickback laws, and those that
prohibit healthcare service providers seeking reimbursement for providing certain services to a patient who was referred by
a physician that has certain types of direct or indirect financial relationships with the service provider, known as the Stark
law.

The laws applicable to us are subject to evolving interpretations. If a governmental
authority were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we and our officers and employees
could be subject to severe criminal and civil penalties, including, for example, exclusion from participation as a supplier
of product to beneficiaries covered by CMS. If we are excluded from participation based on such an interpretation it could
adversely affect our reputation and business operations.

Quality problems with our processes, goods, and services could harm our reputation for producing high quality products
and erode our competitive advantage.

Quality is extremely important to us and our customers due to the serious and costly
consequences of product failure. Our quality certifications are critical to the marketing success of our goods and services.
If we fail to meet these standards our reputation could be damaged, we could lose customers and our revenue could decline.
Aside from specific customer standards, our success depends generally on our ability to manufacture to exact tolerances precision
engineered components, subassemblies, and finished devices from multiple materials. If our components fail to meet these standards
or fail to adapt to evolving standards, our reputation as a manufacturer of high quality components will be harmed, our competitive
advantage could be damaged, and we could lose customers and market share.

We are substantially dependent on patent and other proprietary rights and failing to be successful in patent or other
litigation may result in our payment of significant money damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to
sell current or future products, or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and proprietary rights against others.

We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent litigation
can result in significant damage awards and injunctions that could prevent our manufacture and sale of affected products or
require us to pay significant royalties in order to continue to manufacture or sell affected products. At any given time, we
are generally involved as both a plaintiff and a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which
may not be known for prolonged periods of time. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent litigation incident
to our business, we believe the results associated with any litigation could result in our payment of significant money damages
and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products or prohibit us from enforcing our
patent and proprietary rights against others, which would generally have a material adverse impact on our consolidated earnings,
financial condition, or cash flows.

We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets and nondisclosure and non-competition
agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property, and will continue to do so. While we intend to defend against
any threats to our intellectual property, there can be no assurance that these patents, trade secrets, or other agreements
will adequately protect our intellectual property. There can also be no assurance that pending patent applications owned by
us will result in patents issuing to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be
challenged or circumvented by competitors or that such patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to protect our
technology or to provide us with any competitive advantage. Third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to
negotiate licenses to conduct our business, and there can be no assurance that the required licenses would be available on
reasonable terms or at all. We also rely on nondisclosure and non-competition agreements with certain employees, consultants
and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements
will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially
equivalent proprietary information, or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary
knowledge.

32

Table of Contents

Product liability claims could adversely impact our financial condition and our earnings and impair our reputation.

Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks which are inherent in
the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. In addition, many of the medical devices we manufacture and sell
are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time. Component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects
or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information with respect to these or other products we
manufacture or sell could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient. The occurrence of such a problem
could result in product liability claims or a recall of, or safety alert relating to, one or more of our products which could
ultimately result, in certain cases, in the removal from the body of such products and claims regarding costs associated therewith.
We have elected to self-insure with respect to product liability risks. Product liability claims or product recalls in the
future, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and on our
ability to attract and retain customers for our products.

Our self-insurance program may not be adequate to cover future losses.

We have elected to self-insure most of our insurable risks. We made this decision
based on conditions in the insurance marketplace that have led to increasingly higher levels of self-insurance retentions,
increasing numbers of coverage limitations and dramatically higher insurance premium rates. We continue to monitor the insurance
marketplace to evaluate the value to us of obtaining insurance coverage in the future. While based on historical loss trends
we believe that our self-insurance program accruals will be adequate to cover future losses, we cannot guarantee that this
will remain true. Historical trends may not be indicative of future losses. These losses could have a material adverse impact
on our consolidated earnings, financial condition, or cash flows.

If we experience decreasing prices for our goods and services and we are unable to reduce our expenses, our results of
operations will suffer.

We may experience decreasing prices for the goods and services we offer due to pricing
pressure experienced by our customers from managed care organizations and other third-party payors; increased market power
of our customers as the medical device industry consolidates; and increased competition among medical engineering and manufacturing
services providers. If the prices for our goods and services decrease and we are unable to reduce our expenses, our results
of operations will be adversely affected.

Our international operations are subject to a variety of risks that could adversely affect those operations and thus our
profitability and operating results.

Our operations in countries outside the U.S., which accounted for 36 percent of our
net sales for the year ended April 27, 2007, are accompanied by certain financial and other risks. We intend to continue
to pursue growth opportunities in sales internationally, which could expose us to greater risks associated with international
sales and operations. Our international operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks and potential
costs, including:

•

changes in foreign medical reimbursement programs and policies,

•

changes in foreign regulatory requirements,

•

local product preferences and product requirements,

•

longer-term receivables than are typical in the U.S.,

•

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates,

•

less protection of intellectual property in some countries outside of the U.S.,

•

trade protection measures and import and export licensing requirements,

•

work force instability,

•

political and economic instability, and

•

the potential payment of U.S. income taxes on certain earnings of our foreign subsidiaries’ upon repatriation.

33

Table of Contents

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.

Many healthcare industry companies, including medical device companies, are consolidating
to create new companies with greater market power. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and
services to industry participants will become more intense. These industry participants may try to use their market power to
negotiate price concessions or reductions for medical devices that incorporate components produced by us. If we are forced
to reduce our prices because of consolidation in the healthcare industry, our revenues would decrease and our consolidated
earnings, financial condition, or cash flows would suffer.

Healthcare policy changes may have a material adverse effect on us.

Healthcare costs have risen significantly over the past decade. There have been and
may continue to be proposals by legislators, regulators, and third-party payors to keep these costs down. Certain proposals,
if passed, could impose limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for our products, or the amounts of reimbursement
available for our products from governmental agencies or third-party payors. These limitations could have a material adverse
effect on our financial position and results of operations.

Our business is indirectly subject to healthcare industry cost containment measures that could result in reduced sales
of medical devices containing our components.

Most of our customers, and the healthcare providers to whom our customers supply
medical devices, rely on third-party payors, including government programs and private health insurance plans, to reimburse
some or all of the cost of the procedures in which medical devices that incorporate components we manufacture or assemble are
used. The continuing efforts of government, insurance companies, and other payors of healthcare costs to contain or reduce
these costs could lead to patients being unable to obtain approval for payment from these third-party payors. If that were
to occur, sales of finished medical devices that include our components may decline significantly and our customers may reduce
or eliminate purchases of our components. The cost containment measures that healthcare providers are instituting, both in
the U.S. and internationally, could harm our ability to operate profitably. For example, managed care organizations have successfully
negotiated volume discounts for pharmaceuticals. While this type of discount pricing does not currently exist for medical devices,
if managed care or other organizations were able to affect discount pricing for devices, it may result in lower prices to our
customers from their customers and, in turn, reduce the amounts we can charge our customers for our medical devices.

Our research and development efforts rely upon investments and alliances, and we cannot guarantee that any previous or
future investments or alliances will be successful.

Our strategy to provide a broad range of therapies to restore patients to fuller,
healthier lives requires a wide variety of technologies, products, and capabilities. The rapid pace of technological development
in the medical industry and the specialized expertise required in different areas of medicine make it difficult for one company
alone to develop a broad portfolio of technological solutions. In addition to internally generated growth through our research
and development efforts, historically we have relied, and expect to continue to rely, upon investments and alliances to provide
us access to new technologies both in areas served by our existing businesses as well as in new areas.

We expect to make future investments where we believe that we can stimulate the development
of, or acquire, new technologies and products to further our strategic objectives and strengthen our existing businesses. Investments
and alliances in and with medical technology companies are inherently risky, and we cannot guarantee that any of our previous
or future investments or alliances will be successful or will not materially adversely affect our consolidated earnings, financial
condition, or cash flows.

34

Table of Contents

The success of many of our products depends upon strong relationships with physicians.

If we fail to maintain our working relationships with physicians, many of our products
may not be developed and marketed in line with the needs and expectations of the professionals who use and support our products,
which could cause a decline in earnings and profitability. The research, development, marketing, and sales of many of our new
and improved products is dependent upon our maintaining working relationships with physicians. We rely on these professionals
to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience regarding our products and the marketing of our products. Physicians
assist us as researchers, marketing and product consultants, inventors, and as public speakers. If we are unable to maintain
our strong relationships with these professionals and continue to receive their advice and input, the development and marketing
of our products could suffer, which could have a material effect on our consolidated earnings, financial condition, or cash
flows.