We are
subject to a variety of risks, including, but not limited to, those risk factors
set forth below and those referenced herein to other Items contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 1. Business, under the headings
“Customers and Coal Contracts,” “Competition,” “Environmental, Safety and Health
Laws and Regulations,” Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(“MD&A”), under the headings “Critical Accounting Estimates and
Assumptions,” “Certain Trends and Uncertainties” and elsewhere in
MD&A.

We
are impacted by the competitiveness of the markets in which we compete and
market demand for coal.

We
compete with coal producers in various regions of the United States and overseas
for domestic and international sales. Continued domestic demand for our coal and
the prices that we will be able to obtain primarily will depend upon coal
consumption patterns of the domestic electric utility industry and the domestic
steel industry. Consumption by the domestic utility industry is affected by the
demand for electricity, environmental and other governmental regulations,
technological developments and the price of competing coal and alternative fuel
supplies including nuclear, natural gas, oil and renewable energy sources,
including hydroelectric power. Consumption by the domestic steel industry is
primarily affected by economic growth and the demand for steel used in
construction as well as appliances and automobiles. In recent years, the
competitive environment for coal has been impacted by sustained growth in a
number of the largest markets in the world, including the United States, China,
Japan and India, where demand for both electricity and steel have supported
pricing for steam and metallurgical coal. The cost of ocean transportation and
the valuation of the United States dollar in relation to foreign currencies
significantly impact the relative attractiveness of our coal as we compete on
price with other foreign coal producing sources. See Item 1. Business, under the
heading “Competition,” for further discussion.

Portions
of our coal reserves possess quality characteristics that enable us to mine,
process and market them as either metallurgical coal or high quality steam coal,
depending on the prevailing conditions in the metallurgical and steam coal
industries. A decline in the metallurgical market relative to the steam market
could cause us to shift coal from the metallurgical market to the steam market.
If demand for metallurgical coal declined to the point where we could earn a
more attractive return marketing the coal as steam coal, there could be a
material impact on cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

Demand
for our coal depends on its price and quality and the cost of transporting it to
customers.

Coal
prices are influenced by a number of factors and may vary dramatically by
region. The two principal components of the price of coal are the price of coal
at the mine, which is influenced by mine operating costs and coal quality, and
the cost of transporting coal from the mine to the point of use. The cost of
mining the coal is influenced by geologic characteristics such as seam
thickness, overburden ratios and depth of underground reserves. Underground
mining is generally more expensive than surface mining as a result of higher
costs for labor (including reserves for future costs associated with labor
benefits and health care) and capital costs (including costs for mining
equipment and construction of extensive ventilation systems). As of January 31,
2008, we operated 35 active underground mines, including two longwall mines, and
12 active surface mines, with 8 highwall miners. See Item 1. Business, under the
headings “Mining Methods,” “Mining Operations” and “Competition” for further
discussion.

Transportation
costs represent a significant portion of the delivered cost of coal and, as a
result, the cost of delivery is a critical factor in a customer’s purchasing
decision. Increases in transportation costs could make coal a less competitive
source of energy. Such increases could have a material impact on our ability to
compete with other energy sources and on our cash flows, results of operations
or financial condition. Conversely, significant decreases in transportation
costs could result in increased competition from coal producers in other parts
of the country or the world, including coal imported into the United States
(several United States ports have announced plans to increase their capacity to
import coal). For instance, coal mines in the western United States could become
an increasingly attractive source of coal to consumers in the eastern part of
the country if the costs of transporting coal from the west were significantly
reduced and rail capacity was increased.  See Item 1. Business, under
the heading “Competition,” for further discussion.

A
significant decline in coal prices in general could adversely affect our
operating results and cash flows.

Our
results are highly dependent upon the prices we receive for our coal. Decreased
demand for coal, both domestically and internationally, could cause spot prices
and the prices we are able to negotiate on long-term contracts to decline. The
lower prices could negatively affect our cash flows, results of operations or
financial condition, if we are unable to increase productivity and/or decrease
costs in order to maintain our margins.

 22

We depend on continued demand from
our customers.

Reduced
demand from or the loss of our largest customers could have an adverse impact on
our ability to achieve projected revenue. Decreases in demand may result from,
among other things, a reduction in consumption by the electric generation
industry and/or the steel industry, the availability of other sources of fuel at
cheaper costs and a general slow-down in the economy. When our contracts with
customers reach expiration, there can be no assurance that the customers either
will extend or enter into new long-term contracts or, in the absence of
long-term contracts, that they will continue to purchase the same amount of coal
as they have in the past or on terms, including pricing terms, as favorable as
under existing arrangements. In the event that a large customer account is lost
or a long-term contract is not renewed, profits could suffer if alternative
buyers are not willing to purchase our coal on comparable terms.

There
may be adverse changes in price, volume or terms of our existing coal supply
agreements.

Many of
our coal supply agreements contain provisions that permit the parties to adjust
the contract price upward or downward at specified times. These contracts may be
adjusted based on inflation or deflation and/or changes in the factors affecting
the cost of producing coal, such as taxes, fees, royalties and changes in the
laws regulating the mining, production, sale or use of coal. In a limited number
of contracts, failure of the parties to agree on a price under those provisions
may allow either party to terminate the contract. Coal supply agreements also
typically contain force majeure provisions allowing temporary suspension of
performance by us or the customer during the duration of specified events beyond
the control of the affected party. Most coal supply agreements contain
provisions requiring us to deliver coal meeting quality thresholds for certain
characteristics such as Btu, sulfur content, ash content, grindability and ash
fusion temperature. Failure to meet these specifications could result in
economic penalties, including price adjustments, the rejection of deliveries or
termination of the contracts. See Item 1. Business, under the heading “Customers
and Coal Contracts” for further discussion.

 Our
financial condition may be adversely affected if we are required by some of our
customers to provide performance assurances for certain below-market sales
contracts.

 Contracts
covering a significant portion of our contracted sales tons contain provisions
that could require us to provide performance assurances if we experience a
material adverse change or, under certain other contracts, if the customer
believes our creditworthiness has become unsatisfactory. Generally, under such
contracts, performance assurances are only required if the contract price per
ton of coal is below the current market price of the coal. Certain of the
contracts limit the amount of performance assurance to a per ton amount in
excess of the contract price, while others have no limit. The performance
assurances are generally provided by the posting of a letter of credit, cash
collateral, other security, or a guaranty from a creditworthy guarantor. As of
February 28, 2008, we have not received any requests from any of our customers
to provide performance assurances. If we are required to post performance
assurances on some or all of our contracts with performance assurances
provisions, there could be a material impact on our cash flows, results of
operations or financial condition.

 The
level of our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to grow and compete
and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our contracts and
agreements.

At
December 31, 2007, we had $1,104.5 million of total indebtedness outstanding,
which represented 58.5% of our total book capitalization. We have significant
debt, lease and royalty obligations. Our ability to satisfy debt service, lease
and royalty obligations and to effect any refinancing of indebtedness will
depend upon future operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing
economic conditions in the markets that we serve as well as financial, business
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may be unable to
generate sufficient cash flow from operations and future borrowings, or other
financings may be unavailable in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our
debt service, lease and royalty payment obligations or our other liquidity
needs.

Our
relative amount of debt could have material consequences to our business,
including, but not limited to: (i) making it more difficult to satisfy debt
covenants and debt service, lease payments and other obligations; (ii) making it
more difficult to pay quarterly dividends as we have in the past; (iii)
increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry
conditions; (iv) limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund
future acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures or other general
corporate requirements; (v) reducing the availability of cash flows from
operations to fund acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures or other
general corporate purposes; (vi) limiting our flexibility in planning for, or
reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we compete; or
(vii) placing us at a competitive disadvantage with competitors with relatively
lower amounts of debt.

The
covenants in our credit facility and the indentures governing debt instruments
impose restrictions that may limit our operating and financial
flexibility.

Our asset
based loan credit facility and the indentures governing our notes contain a
number of significant restrictions and covenants that may limit our ability and
our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things: (i) incur liens and debt or
provide guarantees in respect of obligations of any other person; (ii) increase
Common Stock dividends above specified levels; (iii) make loans and investments;
(iv) prepay, redeem or repurchase debt; (v) engage in mergers, consolidations
and 

 23

asset
dispositions; (vi) engage in affiliate transactions; (vii) create lien or
security interests in any real property or equipment; (viii) engage in sale and
leaseback transactions; and (ix) restrict distributions from
subsidiaries.

Operating
results below current levels or other adverse factors, including a significant
increase in interest rates, could result in us being unable to comply with
certain debt covenants. If we violate these covenants and are unable to obtain
waivers from our lenders, our debt under these agreements would be in default
and could be accelerated by the lenders. If the indebtedness is accelerated, we
may not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it.
Even if we are able to obtain new financing, it may not be on commercially
reasonable terms or on terms that are acceptable to us. If our debt is in
default for any reason, our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, complying
with these covenants may also cause us to take actions that are not favorable to
holders of the notes and may make it more difficult for us to successfully
execute our business strategy and compete against companies that are not subject
to such restrictions.

We
depend on our ability to continue acquiring and developing economically
recoverable coal reserves.

A key
component of
our future success is our ability to continue acquiring coal reserves for
development that have the geological characteristics that allow them to be
economically mined. Replacement reserves may not be available or, if available,
may not be capable of being mined at costs comparable to those characteristics
of the depleting mines. An inability to continue acquiring economically
recoverable coal reserves could have a material impact on our cash flows,
results of operations or financial condition.

We
face numerous uncertainties in estimating economically recoverable coal
reserves, and inaccuracies in estimates could result in lower than expected
revenues, higher than expected costs and decreased profitability.

There are
numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities and values of
economically recoverable coal reserves, including many factors beyond our
control. As a result, estimates of economically recoverable coal reserves are by
their nature uncertain. Information about our reserves consists of estimates
based on engineering, economic and geological data assembled and analyzed by us.
Some of the factors and assumptions that impact economically recoverable reserve
estimates include: (i) geological conditions; (ii) historical production from
the area compared with production from other producing areas; (iii) the effects
of regulations and taxes by governmental agencies; (iv) future prices; and (v)
future operating costs.

Each of
these factors may vary considerably from the assumptions used in estimating
reserves. For these reasons, estimates of the economically recoverable
quantities of coal attributable to a particular group of properties may vary
substantially. As a result, our estimates may not accurately reflect our actual
reserves. Actual production, revenues and expenditures with respect to reserves
will likely vary from estimates, and these variances may be
material.

Defects
in title or loss of any leasehold interests in our properties could limit our
ability to mine these properties or result in significant unanticipated
costs.

A
significant portion of our mining operations occurs on properties that we lease.
Title defects or the loss of leases could adversely affect our ability to mine
the reserves covered by those leases. Our current practice is to obtain a title
review from a licensed attorney prior to leasing property. We generally have not
obtained title insurance in connection with acquisitions of coal reserves. In
some cases, the seller or lessor warrants property title. Separate title
confirmation sometimes is not required when leasing reserves where mining has
occurred previously. Our right to mine some of our reserves may be adversely
affected if defects in title or boundaries exist. In order to obtain leases to
conduct our mining operations on property where these defects exist, we may have
to incur unanticipated costs. In addition, we may not be able to successfully
negotiate new leases for properties containing additional reserves, or maintain
our leasehold interests in properties where we have not commenced mining
operations during the term of the lease.

If
the coal industry experiences overcapacity in the future, our profitability
could be impaired.

 An
increase in the demand for coal could attract new investors to the coal
industry, which could spur the development of new mines, and result in added
production capacity throughout the industry. We have announced plans to increase
our coal production by approximately 20% over the next three years. Several of
our competitors have also announced plans for increases in production capacity
over the next several years. Higher price levels of coal could further encourage
the development of expanded capacity by new or existing coal producers. Any
resulting increases in capacity could further reduce coal prices and reduce our
margins. See Item 1. Business, under the heading “Competition,” for further
discussion.

 An
inability of brokerage sources or contract miners to fulfill the delivery terms
of their contracts with us could reduce our profitability.

 We
sometimes obtain coal from brokerage sources and contract miners to fulfill
deliveries under our coal supply agreements.  Some of our brokerage
sources may experience adverse geologic mining, escalated operating costs and/or

 24

financial
difficulties that make their delivery of coal to us at the contracted price
difficult or uncertain. Our profitability or exposure to loss on transactions or
relationships such as these is dependent upon the reliability of the supply, the
ability to substitute, when economical, third-party coal sources with internal
production or coal purchased in the market and other
factors.

Decreased
availability or increased costs of key equipment, supplies or commodities such
as diesel fuel, steel, explosives and tires could decrease our
profitability.

Our
operations are dependant on reliable supplies of mining equipment, replacement
parts, explosives, diesel fuel, tires, and steel-related products (including
roof bolts). If the cost of any mining equipment or key supplies increases
significantly, or if they should become unavailable due to higher industry-wide
demand or less production by suppliers, there could be an 
adverse
impact on our cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. In
recent years, mining industry demand growth has exceeded supply growth for
certain surface and underground mining equipment and heavy equipment
tires.

Transportation
disruptions could impair our ability to sell coal.

We are
dependent on our transportation providers to provide access to markets.
Disruption of transportation services because of weather-related problems,
strikes, lockouts or other events could temporarily impair our ability to supply
coal to customers. Our ability to ship coal could be negatively impacted by a
reduction in available and timely rail service. Lack of sufficient resources to
meet a rapid increase in demand, a greater demand for transportation to export
terminals and rail line congestion all could contribute to a disruption and
slowdown in rail service.

Severe
weather may affect our ability to mine and deliver coal.

Severe
weather, including flooding and excessive ice or snowfall, when it occurs, can
adversely affect our ability to produce, load and transport coal, which may
negatively impact our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

Federal
and state government regulations applicable to operations increase costs and may
make our coal less competitive than other coal producers.

We incur
substantial costs and liabilities under increasingly strict federal, state and
local environmental, health and safety and endangered species laws, regulations
and enforcement policies. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may
result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the
imposition of cleanup and site restoration costs and liens, the issuance of
injunctions to limit or cease operations, the suspension or revocation of
permits and other enforcement measures that could have the effect of limiting
production from our operations. We may also incur costs and liabilities
resulting from claims for damages to property or injury to persons arising from
our operations. See Item 1. Business, under the heading “Environmental, Safety
and Health Laws and Regulations” for further discussion of this
risk.

New
legislation and new regulations may be adopted which could materially adversely
affect our mining operations, cost structure or our customers’ ability to use
coal. New legislation and new regulations may also require us, as well as our
customers, to change operations significantly or incur increased costs. The EPA
has undertaken broad initiatives aimed at increasing compliance with emissions
standards and to provide incentives to our customers for decreasing emissions,
often by switching to an alternative fuel source or by installing scrubbers at
their coal-fired plants.

Concerns
about the environmental impacts of coal combustion, including perceived impacts
on global climate change, are resulting in increased regulation of coal
combustion in many jurisdictions, and interest in further regulation, which
could significantly affect demand for our products.

 The Clean
Air Act and similar state and local laws extensively regulate the amount of
sulfur dioxide, particulate matter, nitrogen oxides and other compounds emitted
into the air from electric power plants, which are the largest end-users of our
coal. Such regulations may require significant emissions control expenditures
for many coal-fired power plants to comply with applicable ambient air quality
standards. As a result, the generators may switch to other fuels that generate
less of these emissions or install more effective pollution control equipment,
possibly reducing future demand for coal and the construction of coal-fired
power plants. The majority of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that
allow a purchaser to terminate its contract if legislation is passed that either
restricts the use or type of coal permissible at the purchaser’s plant or
results in specified increases in the cost of coal or its
use.

 Global
climate change continues to attract considerable public and scientific
attention. Widely publicized scientific reports in 2007, such as the Fourth
Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, have also
engendered widespread concern about the impacts of human activity, especially
fossil fuel combustion, on global climate change. A considerable amount of
legislative attention in the United States is being paid to global climate
change and to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, particularly from coal
combustion by power plants. According to EIA, “Emissions of Greenhouse Gases in
the United States 2006,” coal accounts for 30% of greenhouse gas emissions in
the United States. Legislation was introduced in Congress in 2006 and 2007 to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the United States and 

 25

additional
legislation has been proposed and is likely to be introduced in the future. In
addition, a growing number of states in the United States are taking steps to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants. The United
States Supreme Court’s recent decision in Massachusetts v.
Environmental Protection Agency ruled that the EPA improperly declined to
address carbon dioxide impacts on climate change in a recent rulemaking.
Although the specific rulemaking related to new motor vehicles, the reasoning of
the decision could affect other federal regulatory programs, including those
that directly relate to coal use. Enactment of laws and passage of regulations
regarding greenhouse gas emissions by the United States or some of its states,
or other actions to limit carbon dioxide emissions, could result in electric
generators switching from coal to other fuel sources. 

Further
developments in connection with legislation, regulations or other limits on
greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental impacts from coal combustion,
both in the United States and in other countries where we sell coal, could have
a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition. See Item 1. Business, under the heading “Environmental, Safety and
Health Laws and Regulations” for further discussion of this
risk.

MSHA
or other federal or state regulatory agencies may order certain of our mines to
be temporarily or permanently closed, which could adversely affect our ability
to meet our customers’ demands.

MSHA or
other federal or state regulatory agencies may order certain of our mines to be
temporarily or permanently closed. Our customers may challenge our issuance of
force majeure notices in connection with such closures. If these challenges are
successful, we may have to purchase coal from third party sources to satisfy
those challenges, negotiate settlements with customers, which may include price
reductions, the reduction of commitments or the extension of the time for
delivery, terminate customers’ contracts or face claims initiated by our
customers against us. The resolution of these challenges could have an adverse
impact on our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

We
must obtain governmental permits and approvals for mining operations, which can
be a costly and time-consuming process and can result in restrictions on our
operations.

Our
operations are principally regulated under surface mining permits issued
pursuant to the SMCRA and state counterpart laws. Such permits are issued for
terms of five years with the right of successive renewal. Additionally, the
Clean Water Act requires permits for operations that fill waters of the United
States. Valley fills and refuse impoundments are typically authorized under
nationwide permits that are revised and renewed periodically by the United
States Army Corps of Engineers. Additionally, certain surface mines and
preparation plants have permits issued pursuant to the Clean Air Act and state
counterpart clean air laws allowing and controlling the discharge of air
pollutants. Regulatory authorities exercise considerable discretion in the
timing of permit issuance. Requirements imposed by these authorities may be
costly and time-consuming and may result in delays in the commencement or
continuation of development or production operations. See Item 1. Business,
under the heading “Environmental, Safety and Health Laws and Regulations” for
further discussion.

The
loss of key personnel or the failure to attract qualified personnel could affect
our ability to operate our company effectively.

The
successful management of our business is dependent on a number of key personnel.
Our future success will be affected by our continued ability to attract and
retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. There are no assurances that key
personnel will continue to be employed by us or that we will be able to attract
and retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to retain or attract key
personnel could have an adverse affect on our cash flows, results of operations
or financial condition.

Union
represented labor creates an increased risk of work stoppages and higher labor
costs.

At
December 31, 2007, 2.0% of our total workforce was represented by the UMWA.
During 2007, six of our coal preparation plants and one smaller surface mine had
a workforce represented by the UMWA. In 2007, these preparation plants handled
approximately 28% of our coal production. There may be an increased risk of
strikes and other related work actions, in addition to higher labor costs,
associated with these operations. If some or all of our current open shop
operations were to become union represented, we could be subject to additional
risk of work stoppages and higher labor costs, which could adversely affect the
stability of production and reduce net income. 

We
are subject to being adversely affected by a decline in the financial condition
and creditworthiness of our customers.

In an
effort to mitigate credit-related risks in all customer classifications, we
maintain a credit policy, which requires scheduled reviews of customer
creditworthiness and continuous monitoring of customer news events that might
have an impact on their financial condition. Negative credit performance or
events may trigger the application of tighter terms of sale, requirements for
collateral or, ultimately, a suspension of credit privileges. The
creditworthiness of customers can limit who we can do business with and at what
price. For the year ended December 31, 2007, approximately 95%
of coal sales volume was pursuant to long-term contracts.  We
anticipate that in 2008, the percentage of our sales pursuant to long-term
contracts will be comparable with the percentage of our sales for 2007 and
almost 60% of our projected 2008 sales is contracted to be 

 26

sold to
our 10 largest customers.  If one or more of our largest customers
experiences financial difficulties and fails to make payment for our sales to
them, there could be an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations
or financial condition.

We have
contracts to supply coal to energy trading and brokering companies who resell
the coal to the ultimate users. We are subject to being adversely affected by
any decline in the financial condition and creditworthiness of these energy
trading and brokering companies. In addition, as the largest supplier of
metallurgical coal to the American steel industry, we are subject to being
adversely affected by any decline in the financial condition or production
volume of American steel producers. See Item 1. Business, under the heading
“Customers and Coal Contracts” for further discussion.

We
are subject to various legal proceedings, which may have a material effect on
our business.

We are
parties to a number of legal proceedings incident to normal business activities.
Some of the allegations brought against us are with merit, while others are not.
There is always the potential that an individual matter or the aggregation of

many
matters could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations or
financial position. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 17 to the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.

We
have significant reclamation and mine closure obligations. If the assumptions
underlying our accruals are materially inaccurate, we could be required to
expend greater amounts than anticipated.

The SMCRA
establishes operational, reclamation and closure standards for all aspects of
surface mining as well as most aspects of deep mining. Estimates of our total
reclamation and mine-closing liabilities are based upon permit requirements and
our engineering expertise related to these requirements. The estimate of
ultimate reclamation liability is reviewed periodically by management and
engineers. The estimated liability can change significantly if actual costs vary
from assumptions or if governmental regulations change significantly. See Item
1. Business, under the heading “Environmental, Safety and Health Laws and
Regulations” for further discussion.

Our
future expenditures for postretirement benefit and pension obligations could be
materially higher than we have predicted if our underlying assumptions are
incorrect.

We are
subject to long-term liabilities under a variety of benefit plans and other
arrangements with current and former employees. These obligations have been
estimated based on actuarial assumptions, including actuarial estimates, assumed
discount rates, estimates of life expectancy, expected returns on pension plan
assets and changes in healthcare costs.

If our
assumptions relating to these benefits change in the future or are incorrect, we
may be required to record additional expenses, which would reduce our
profitability. In addition, future regulatory and accounting changes relating to
these benefits could result in increased obligations or additional costs, which
could also have a material impact on our cash flows, results of operations or
financial condition. For a further discussion, see Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under
the heading “Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions” and Notes 5 and 10
to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

We
may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits from acquisitions we
undertake, as acquisitions entail a number of inherent risks.

From time
to time we expand our business and reserve position through acquisitions of
businesses and assets, mergers, joint ventures or other transactions. Such
transactions involve various inherent risks, such as:

 §

 uncertainties
 in assessing the value, strengths and potential profitability of, and
 identifying the extent of all weaknesses, risks, contingent and other
 liabilities (including environmental liabilities) of, acquisition or other
 transaction candidates;

 §

 the
 potential loss of key customers, management and employees of an acquired
 business;

 §

 the
 ability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies
 anticipated to result from an acquisition or other
 transaction;

 §

 problems
 that could arise from the integration of the acquired business;
 and

 §

 unanticipated
 changes in business, industry or general economic conditions that affect
 the assumptions underlying the acquisition or other transaction
 rationale.

Any one
or more of these and other factors could cause us not to realize the benefits
anticipated to result from the acquisition of businesses or assets or could
result in unexpected liabilities associated with these
acquisitions.

Foreign
currency fluctuations could adversely affect the competitiveness of our coal
abroad.

We rely
on customers in other countries for a portion of our sales, with shipments to
countries in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Africa. We compete
in these international markets against coal produced in other countries. Coal

 27

is sold
internationally in United States dollars. As a result, mining costs in competing
producing countries may be reduced in United States dollar terms based on
currency exchange rates, providing an advantage to foreign coal producers.
Currency fluctuations among countries purchasing and selling coal could
adversely affect the competitiveness of our coal in international
markets.

 Terrorist
attacks and threats, escalation of military activity in response to such attacks
or acts of war may negatively affect our cash flows, results of operations or
financial condition.

Our
business is affected by general economic conditions, fluctuations in consumer
confidence and spending, and market liquidity, which can decline as a result of
numerous factors outside of our control, such as terrorist attacks and acts of
war. Future terrorist attacks against United States targets, rumors or threats
of war, actual conflicts involving the United States or its allies, or military
or trade disruptions affecting customers may materially adversely affect
operations. As a result, there could be delays or losses in transportation and
deliveries of coal to customers, decreased sales of coal and extension of

time for
payment of accounts receivable from customers. Strategic targets such as
energy-related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than
other targets in the United States. In addition, such disruption may lead to
significant increases in energy prices that could result in government-imposed
price controls. It is possible that any, or a combination, of these occurrences
could have a material impact on cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

Coal
mining is subject to inherent risks, some of which we insure against and some of
which we self-insure.

Our
operations are subject to certain events and conditions that could disrupt
operations, including fires and explosions, accidental minewater discharges,
natural disasters, equipment failures, maintenance problems and flooding. We
maintain insurance policies that provide limited coverage for some, but not all,
of these risks. Even where insurance coverage applies, there can be no assurance
that these risks would be fully covered by insurance policies. We self-insure
our highwall miners and underground equipment, including our longwalls. We do
not currently carry business interruption insurance.

Diversity
in interpretation and application of accounting literature in the mining
industry may impact our reported financial results.

 The
mining industry has limited industry specific accounting literature and, as a
result, we understand diversity in practice exists in the interpretation and
application of accounting literature to mining specific issues. As diversity in
mining industry accounting is addressed, we may need to restate our reported
results if the resulting interpretations differ from our current accounting
practices (for additional information regarding our accounting policies, please
see Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions and
Note 1 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).