We are
subject to a variety of risks, including, but not limited to, those risk factors
set forth below and those referenced herein to other Items contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 1. Business, under the headings
“Customers and Coal Contracts,” “Competition,” “Environmental, Safety and Health
Laws and Regulations,” Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(“MD&A”), under the headings “Critical Accounting Estimates and
Assumptions,” “Certain Trends and Uncertainties” and elsewhere in
MD&A.

We
could be negatively impacted by the competitiveness of the markets in which we
compete and declines in the market demand for coal.

We
compete with coal producers in various regions of the United States and overseas
for domestic and international sales. Continued domestic demand for our coal and
the prices that we will be able to obtain primarily will depend upon coal
consumption patterns of the domestic electric utility industry and the domestic
steel industry. Consumption by the domestic utility industry is affected by the
demand for electricity, environmental and other governmental regulations,
technological developments and the price of competing coal and alternative fuel
supplies including nuclear, natural gas, oil and renewable energy sources,
including hydroelectric power. Consumption by the domestic steel industry is
primarily affected by economic growth and the demand for steel used in
construction as well as appliances and automobiles. In recent years, the
competitive environment for coal was impacted by sustained growth in a number of
the largest markets in the world, including the United States, China, Japan and
India, where demand for both electricity and steel supported pricing for steam
and metallurgical coal. The economic stability of these markets has a
significant effect on the demand for coal and the level of competition in
supplying these markets. The cost of ocean transportation and the value of the
United States dollar in relation to foreign currencies significantly impact the
relative attractiveness of our coal as we compete on price with other foreign
coal producing sources. During the last several years, the United States coal
industry has experienced increased consolidation, which has contributed to the
industry becoming more competitive. Increased competition by competing coal
producers or producers of alternate fuels in the markets in which we serve could
cause a decrease in demand and/or pricing for our coal, adversely impacting our
cash flows, results of operations or financial condition.

Portions
of our coal reserves possess quality characteristics that enable us to mine,
process and market them as either metallurgical coal or high quality steam coal,
depending on the prevailing conditions in the markets for metallurgical and
steam coal. A decline in the metallurgical market relative to the steam market
could cause us to shift coal from the metallurgical market to the steam market,
potentially reducing the price we could obtain for this coal and adversely
impacting our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

Demand
for our coal depends on its price and quality and the cost of transporting it to
our customers.

Coal
prices are influenced by a number of factors and may vary dramatically by
region. The two principal components of the price of coal are the price of coal
at the mine, which is influenced by mine operating costs and coal quality, and
the cost of transporting coal from the mine to the point of use. The cost of
mining the coal is influenced by geologic characteristics such as seam
thickness, overburden ratios and depth of underground reserves. Underground
mining is generally more expensive than surface mining as a result of higher
costs for labor (including reserves for future costs associated with labor
benefits and health care) and capital costs (including costs for mining
equipment and construction of extensive ventilation systems). As of January 31,
2010, we operated 42 active underground mines, including two which employ both
room and pillar and longwall mining, and 14 active surface mines, with 12
highwall miners.

Transportation
costs represent a significant portion of the delivered cost of coal and, as a
result, the cost of delivery is a critical factor in a customer’s purchasing
decision. Increases in transportation costs could make coal a less competitive
source of energy. Such increases could have a material impact on our ability to
compete with other energy sources and on our cash flows, results of operations
or financial condition. Conversely, significant decreases in transportation
costs could result in increased competition from coal producers in other parts
of the country or the world, including coal imported into the United States. For
instance, coal mines in the western United States could become an increasingly
attractive source of coal to consumers in the eastern part of the United States
if the costs of transporting coal from the west were significantly reduced
and/or rail capacity was increased.

A
significant decline in coal prices in general could adversely affect our
operating results and cash flows.

Our
results are highly dependent upon the prices we receive for our coal. Decreased
demand for coal, both domestically and internationally, could cause spot prices
and the prices we are able to negotiate on long-term contracts to decline. The

 24

lower
prices could negatively affect our cash flows, results of operations or
financial condition, if we are unable to increase productivity and/or decrease
costs in order to maintain our margins.

We
depend on continued demand from our customers.

Reduced
demand from or the loss of our largest customers could have an adverse impact on
our ability to achieve projected revenue. Decreases in demand may result from,
among other things, a reduction in consumption by the electric generation
industry and/or the steel industry, the availability of other sources of fuel at
cheaper costs and a general slow-down in the economy. When our contracts with
customers expire, there can be no assurance that the customers either will
extend or enter into new long-term contracts or, in the absence of long-term
contracts, that they will continue to purchase the same amount of coal as they
have in the past or on terms, including pricing terms, as favorable as under
existing arrangements. In the event that a large customer account is lost or a
long-term contract is not renewed, profits could suffer if alternative buyers
are not willing to purchase our coal on comparable terms.

There
may be adverse changes in price, volume or terms of our existing coal supply
agreements.

Many of
our coal supply agreements contain provisions that permit the parties to adjust
the contract price upward or downward at specified times. These contracts may be
adjusted based on inflation or deflation and/or changes in the factors affecting
the cost of producing coal, such as taxes, fees, royalties and changes in the
laws regulating the mining, production, sale or use of coal. In a limited number
of contracts, failure of the parties to agree on a price under those provisions
may allow either party to terminate the contract. Coal supply agreements also
typically contain force majeure provisions allowing temporary suspension of
performance by us or the customer for the duration of specified events beyond
the control of the affected party. Most coal supply agreements contain
provisions requiring us to deliver coal meeting quality thresholds for certain
characteristics such as Btu, sulfur content, ash content, grindability and ash
fusion temperature. Failure to meet these specifications could result in
economic penalties, including price adjustments, the rejection of deliveries or
termination of the contracts.

Our
financial condition may be adversely affected if we are required by some of our
customers to provide performance assurances for certain below-market sales
contracts.

Contracts
covering a significant portion of our contracted sales tons contain provisions
that could require us to provide performance assurances if we experience a
material adverse change or, under certain other contracts, if the customer
believes our creditworthiness has become unsatisfactory. Generally, under such
contracts, performance assurances are only required if the contract price per
ton of coal is below the current market price of the coal. In addition, we may
from time to time enter into coal sale agreements that require a posting of
collateral to the extent we are “out of the money” on the total contracted sales
in excess of $15 million (as of December 31, 2009, no posting was required).
Certain of the contracts limit the amount of performance assurance to a per ton
amount in excess of the contract price, while others have no limit. The
performance assurances are generally provided by the posting of a letter of
credit, cash collateral, other security, or a guaranty from a creditworthy
guarantor. As of December 31, 2009, we have not received any requests from any
of our customers to provide performance assurances. If we are required to post
performance assurances on some or all of our contracts with performance
assurances provisions, there could be a material adverse impact on our cash
flows, results of operations or financial condition.

The
level of our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to grow and compete
and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our contracts and
agreements.

At
December 31, 2009, we had $1,319.1 million of total indebtedness outstanding,
which represented 51.2% of our total book capitalization. We have significant
debt, lease and royalty obligations. Our ability to satisfy debt service, lease
and royalty obligations and to effect any refinancing of indebtedness will
depend upon future operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing
economic conditions in the markets that we serve as well as financial, business
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may be unable to
generate sufficient cash flow from operations and future borrowings, or other
financings may be unavailable in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our
debt service, lease and royalty payment obligations or our other liquidity
needs.  We also may be able to incur substantial additional
indebtedness in the future under the terms of our $175 million asset-based loan
credit facility (“ABL Facility”) or by other means. Our ABL Facility
provides for a revolving line of credit of up to $175.0 million, of which
$98.4 million was available as of December 31, 2009. The addition of
new debt to our current debt levels could increase the related risks that we now
face.

Our
relative amount of debt could have material consequences to our business,
including, but not limited to: (i) making it more difficult to satisfy debt
covenants and debt service, lease payments and other obligations; (ii) making it
more difficult 

 25

to pay
quarterly dividends as we have in the past; (iii) increasing our vulnerability
to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (iv) limiting our ability
to obtain additional financing to fund future acquisitions, working capital,
capital expenditures or other general corporate requirements; (v) reducing the
availability of cash flows from operations to fund acquisitions, working
capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes; (vi) limiting
our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the
industry in which we compete; or (vii) placing us at a competitive disadvantage
with competitors with relatively lower amounts of debt. Any of the above-listed
factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations and our ability to meet our debt payment
obligations.

The
covenants in our credit facility and the indentures governing debt instruments
impose restrictions that may limit our operating and financial
flexibility.

Our ABL
Facility contains a number of significant restrictions and covenants that may
limit our ability and our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things: (1)
incur additional indebtedness; (2) increase common stock dividends above
specified levels; (3) make loans and investments; (4) prepay, redeem or
repurchase debt; (5) engage in mergers, consolidations and asset dispositions;
(6) engage in affiliate transactions; (7) create any lien or security interest
in any real property or equipment; (8) engage in sale and leaseback
transactions; and (9) make distributions from subsidiaries. A decline in our
operating results or other adverse factors, including a significant increase in
interest rates, could result in us being unable to comply with certain covenants
contained in the ABL Facility, which become operative only when our Average
Excess Availability (as defined in the ABL Facility) is less than $30 million.
These financial covenants include a Minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Ratio of
1.00 to 1.00 and a minimum Consolidated Net Worth of $550 million under the
terms of the ABL Facility (currently approximately $400 million as adjusted for
Accounting Changes).

The
indentures governing certain of our senior notes also contain a number of
significant restrictions and covenants that may limit our ability and our
subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things: (1) incur additional indebtedness;
(2) subordinate indebtedness to other indebtedness unless such subordinated
indebtedness is also subordinated to the notes; (3) pay dividends or make other
distributions or repurchase or redeem our stock or subordinated indebtedness;
(4) make investments; (5) sell assets and issue capital stock of restricted
subsidiaries; (6) incur liens; (7) enter into agreements restricting our
subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends; (8) enter into sale and leaseback
transactions; (9) enter into transactions with affiliates; and (10) consolidate,
merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. If we violate these
covenants and are unable to obtain waivers from our lenders, our debt under
these agreements would be in default and could be accelerated by the lenders
and, in the case of an event of default under our ABL Facility, it could permit
the lenders to foreclose on our assets securing the loans under the ABL
Facility. If the indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay our
debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if we are able to obtain
new financing, it may not be on commercially reasonable terms or on terms that
are acceptable to us. If our debt is in default for any reason, our cash flows,
results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely
affected. In addition, complying with these covenants may also cause us to take
actions that are not favorable to our shareholders and holders of our senior
notes and may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business
strategy and compete against companies that are not subject to such
restrictions.

We
are subject to being adversely affected by the potential inability to renew or
obtain surety bonds.

Federal
and state laws require bonds to secure our obligations to reclaim lands used for
mining, to pay federal and state workers’ compensation and to satisfy other
miscellaneous obligations. These bonds are typically renewable annually. Surety
bond issuers and holders may not continue to renew the bonds or may demand
additional collateral upon those renewals. We are also subject to increases in
the amount of surety bonds required by federal and state laws as these laws
change or the interpretation of these laws changes. Our failure to maintain, or
inability to acquire, surety bonds that are required by state and federal law
would have a material adverse impact on us, possibly by prohibiting us from
developing properties that we desire to develop. That failure could result from
a variety of factors including the following: (i) lack of availability,
higher expense or unfavorable market terms of new bonds; (ii) restrictions
on availability of collateral for current and future third-party surety bond
issuers under the terms of our senior notes or revolving credit facilities;
(iii) our inability to meet certain financial tests with respect to a
portion of the post-mining reclamation bonds; and (iv) the exercise by
third-party surety bond issuers of their right to refuse to renew or issue new
bonds.

We
depend on our ability to continue acquiring and developing economically
recoverable coal reserves.

A key
component of our future success is our ability to continue acquiring coal
reserves for development that have the geological characteristics that allow
them to be economically mined. Replacement reserves may not be available or, if
available, may not be capable of being mined at costs comparable to those
characteristics of the depleting mines. An inability to continue acquiring
economically recoverable coal reserves could have a material impact on our cash
flows, results of operations or financial condition.

 26

We
face numerous uncertainties in estimating economically recoverable coal
reserves, and inaccuracies in estimates could result in lower than expected
revenues, higher than expected costs and decreased profitability.

There are
numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities and values of
economically recoverable coal reserves, including many factors beyond our
control. As a result, estimates of economically recoverable coal reserves are by
their nature uncertain. Information about our reserves consists of estimates
based on engineering, economic and geological data assembled and analyzed by us.
Some of the factors and assumptions that impact economically recoverable reserve
estimates include: (1) geological conditions; (2) historical
production from the area compared with production from other producing areas;
(3) the effects of regulations and taxes by governmental agencies;
(4) future prices; and (5) future operating costs.

Each of
these factors may vary considerably from the assumptions used in estimating
reserves. For these reasons, estimates of the economically recoverable
quantities of coal attributable to a particular group of properties may vary
substantially. As a result, our estimates may not accurately reflect our actual
reserves. Actual production, revenues and expenditures with respect to reserves
will likely vary from estimates, and these variances may be
material.

Mining
in Central Appalachia is more complex and involves more regulatory constraints
than mining in other areas of the United States, which could affect our mining
operations and cost structures in these areas.

The
geological characteristics of Central Appalachian coal reserves, such as depth
of overburden and coal seam thickness, make them complex and costly to mine. As
mines become depleted, replacement reserves may not be available when required
or, if available, may not be capable of being mined at costs comparable to those
characteristic of the depleting mines. In addition, as compared to mines in
other regions, permitting, licensing and other environmental and regulatory
requirements are more costly and time consuming to satisfy. These factors could
materially adversely affect the mining operations and cost structures of, and
our customers' ability to use coal produced by, our mines in Central
Appalachia.

Defects
in title or loss of any leasehold interests in our properties could limit our
ability to mine our properties or result in significant unanticipated
costs.

A
significant portion of our mining operations occurs on properties that we lease.
Title defects or the loss of leases could adversely affect our ability to mine
the reserves covered by those leases. Our current practice is to obtain a title
review from a licensed attorney prior to leasing property. We generally have not
obtained title insurance in connection with acquisitions of coal reserves. In
some cases, the seller or lessor warrants property title. Separate title
confirmation sometimes is not required when leasing reserves where mining has
occurred previously. Our right to mine some of our reserves may be adversely
affected if defects in title or boundaries exist. In order to obtain leases to
conduct our mining operations on property where these defects exist, we may have
to incur unanticipated costs. In addition, we may not be able to successfully
negotiate new leases for properties containing additional reserves, or maintain
our leasehold interests in properties where we have not commenced mining
operations during the term of the lease.

If
the coal industry experiences overcapacity in the future, our profitability
could be impaired.

An
increase in the demand for coal could attract new investors to the coal
industry, which could spur the development of new mines, and result in added
production capacity throughout the industry. Higher price levels of coal could
also encourage the development of expanded capacity by new or existing coal
producers. Any resulting increases in capacity could reduce coal prices and
reduce our margins.

An
inability of brokerage sources or contract miners to fulfill the delivery terms
of their contracts with us could reduce our profitability.

We
sometimes obtain coal from brokerage sources and contract miners to fulfill
deliveries under our coal supply agreements. Some of our brokerage sources
and contract miners may experience adverse geologic mining, escalated operating
costs and/or financial difficulties that make their delivery of coal to us at
the contracted price difficult or uncertain. Our profitability or exposure to
loss on transactions or relationships such as these may be affected based upon
the reliability of the supply or the ability to substitute, when economical,
third-party coal sources, with internal production or coal purchased in the
market and other factors.

 27

Decreased
availability or increased costs of key equipment, supplies or commodities such
as diesel fuel, steel, explosives, magnetite and tires could decrease our
profitability.

Our
operations are dependant on reliable supplies of mining equipment, replacement
parts, explosives, diesel fuel, tires, magnetite and steel-related products
(including roof bolts). If the cost of any mining equipment or key supplies
increases significantly, or if they should become unavailable due to higher
industry-wide demand or less production by suppliers, there could be an adverse
impact on our cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. The
supplier base providing mining materials and equipment has been relatively
consistent in recent years, although there continues to be consolidation. This
consolidation has resulted in a situation where purchases of explosives and
certain underground mining equipment are concentrated with single suppliers. In
recent years, mining industry demand growth has exceeded supply growth for
certain surface and underground mining equipment and heavy equipment tires. As a
result, lead times for certain items have generally increased.

Transportation
disruptions could impair our ability to sell coal.

We are
dependent on our transportation providers to provide access to markets.
Disruption of transportation services because of weather-related problems,
strikes, lockouts, fuel shortages or other events could temporarily impair our
ability to supply coal to customers. Our ability to ship coal could be
negatively impacted by a reduction in available and timely rail service. Lack of
sufficient resources to meet a rapid increase in demand, a greater demand for
transportation to export terminals and rail line congestion all could contribute
to a disruption and slowdown in rail service. We continue to experience rail
service delays and disruptions in service which are negatively impacting our
ability to deliver coal to customers and which may adversely affect our results
of operations.

Severe
weather may affect our ability to mine and deliver coal.

Severe
weather, including flooding and excessive ice or snowfall, when it occurs, can
adversely affect our ability to produce, load and transport coal, which may
negatively impact our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

Federal,
state and local laws and government regulations applicable to operations
increase costs and may make our coal less competitive than other coal
producers.

We incur
substantial costs and liabilities under increasingly strict federal, state and
local environmental, health and safety and endangered species laws, regulations
and enforcement policies. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may
result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the
imposition of cleanup and site restoration costs and liens, the issuance of
injunctions to limit or cease operations, the suspension or revocation of
permits and other enforcement measures that could have the effect of limiting
production from our operations. The costs of compliance with applicable
regulations and liabilities assessed for compliance failure could have a
material adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

New
legislation and new regulations may be adopted which could materially adversely
affect our mining operations, cost structure or our customers’ ability to use
coal. New legislation and new regulations may also require us, as well as our
customers, to change operations significantly or incur increased costs. The
United States Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”) has undertaken broad
initiatives to increase compliance with emissions standards and to provide
incentives to our customers to decrease their emissions, often by switching to
an alternative fuel source or by installing scrubbers or other expensive
emissions reduction equipment at their coal-fired plants.

Concerns
about the environmental impacts of coal combustion, including perceived impacts
on global climate change, are resulting in increased regulation of coal
combustion in many jurisdictions, and interest in further regulation, which
could significantly affect demand for our products.

The Clean
Air Act and similar state and local laws extensively regulate the amount of
sulfur dioxide, particulate matter, nitrogen oxides and other compounds emitted
into the air from electric power plants, which are the largest end-users of our
coal. Such regulation may require significant emissions control expenditures for
many coal-fired power plants. As a result, the generators may switch to other
fuels that generate less of these emissions or install more effective pollution
control equipment, possibly reducing future demand for coal and the construction
of coal-fired power plants. The majority of our coal supply agreements contain
provisions that allow a purchaser to terminate its contract if legislation is
passed that either restricts the use or type of coal permissible at the
purchaser’s plant or results in specified increases in the cost of coal or its
use.

 28

Global
climate change continues to attract considerable public and scientific
attention. Widely publicized scientific reports, such as the Fourth Assessment
Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released in 2007, have
also engendered widespread concern about the impacts of human activity,
especially fossil fuel combustion, on global climate change. A considerable and
increasing amount of attention in the United States is being paid to global
climate change and to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, particularly from coal
combustion by power plants. According to the EIA report, “Emissions of
Greenhouse Gases in the United States 2007,” coal combustion accounts for 30% of
man-made greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. Legislation was
introduced in Congress in the past several years to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions in the United States and, although no bills to reduce such emissions
have yet to pass both houses of Congress, bills to reduce such emissions
remain pending and others are likely to be introduced. President Obama
campaigned in favor of a “cap-and-trade” program to require mandatory greenhouse
gas emissions reductions and since his election has continued to express support
for such legislation, contrary to the previous administration. The United
States Supreme Court’s 2007 decision in Massachusetts v. Environmental
Protection Agency ruled that EPA improperly declined to address carbon
dioxide impacts on climate change in a rulemaking related to new motor vehicles.
The reasoning of the court decision could affect other federal regulatory
programs, including those that directly relate to coal use. In July 2008, EPA
published an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPR) seeking comments
regarding the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions; and in February 2009 the
newly appointed administrator of EPA granted a petition by environmental
advocacy groups to reconsider an interpretive memorandum by her predecessor in
December 2008 that concluded the Clean Air Act’s Prevention of Significant
Deterioration program does not extend to carbon dioxide emissions, a decision
that could lead to carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants being a
consideration in permitting decisions. In addition, a growing number of states
in the United States are taking steps to require greenhouse gas emissions
reductions from coal-fired power plants. Enactment of laws and promulgation of
regulations regarding greenhouse gas emissions by the United States or some of
its states, or other actions to limit carbon dioxide emissions, could result in
electric generators switching from coal to other fuel sources.

In
December 2009, 192 countries attended the Copenhagen Climate Change Summit to
discuss actions to be taken to combat global climate change. Leaders from more
than two dozen countries representing over 80 percent of the world’s SO2 emissions
negotiated the Copenhagen Accord, which puts a non-binding expectation on all of
the major emitting countries to officially record their commitments to reduce
SO
2
emissions by January 31, 2010. The United States participated in the conference
and stated a goal to reduce emissions in the range of 17 percent below 2005
levels by 2020, 42 percent below 2005 levels by 2030, and 83 percent below 2005
levels by 2050, which is substantially in line with the energy and climate
legislation passed by the United States House of Representatives in
2009.  The ultimate outcome of the Copenhagen Accord and any treaty or
other arrangement ultimately adopted by the United States or other countries,
may have a material adverse impact on the global supply and demand for coal.
This is particularly true if cost effective technology for the capture and
sequestration of carbon dioxide is not sufficiently developed. Technologies that
may significantly reduce emissions into the atmosphere of greenhouse gases from
coal combustion, such as carbon capture and sequestration (which captures carbon
dioxide at major sources such as power plants and subsequently stores it in
nonatmospheric reservoirs such as depleted oil and gas reservoirs, unmineable
coal seams, deep saline formations, or the deep ocean) have attracted and
continue to attract the attention of policy makers, industry participants, and
the public. For example, in July 2008, EPA proposed rules that would establish,
for the first time, requirements specifically for wells used to inject carbon
dioxide into geologic formations. No regulations have been promulgated yet, but
the issue of carbon sequestration results in considerable uncertainty, not only
regarding rules that may become applicable to carbon dioxide injection wells but
also concerning liability for potential impacts of injection, such as
groundwater contamination or seismic activity. In addition, technical,
environmental, economic, or other factors may delay, limit, or preclude
large-scale commercial deployment of such technologies, which could ultimately
provide little or no significant reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from coal
combustion.

Further
developments in connection with legislation, regulations or other limits on
greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental impacts from coal combustion,
both in the United States and in other countries where we sell coal, could have
a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

Our
operations may adversely impact the environment which could result in material
liabilities to us.

The
processes required to mine coal may cause certain impacts or generate certain
materials that might adversely affect the environment from time to time. The
mining processes we use could cause us to become subject to claims for toxic
torts, natural resource damages and other damages as well as for the
investigation and clean up of soil, surface water, groundwater, and other media.
Such claims may arise, for example, out of conditions at sites that we currently
own or operate, as well as at sites that we previously owned or operated, or may
acquire. Our liability for such claims may be joint and several, so that we may
be held responsible for more than our share of the contamination or other
damages, or even for the entire share.

 29

 Certain
coal that we mine needs to be cleaned at preparation plants, which generally
require coal refuse areas and/or slurry impoundments. Such areas and
impoundments are subject to extensive regulation and monitoring. Slurry
impoundments have been known to fail, releasing large volumes of coal slurry
into nearby surface waters and property, resulting in damage to the environment
and natural resources, as well as injuries to wildlife. We maintain coal refuse
areas and slurry impoundments at a number of our mining complexes. If one of our
impoundments were to fail, we could be subject to substantial claims for the
resulting environmental impact and associated liability, as well as for fines
and penalties.

Drainage
flowing from or caused by mining activities can be acidic with elevated levels
of dissolved metals, a condition referred to as acid mine drainage
(“AMD”).  Although we do not currently face material costs associated
with AMD, it is possible that we could incur significant costs in the
future.

 These and
other similar unforeseen impacts that our operations may have on the
environment, as well as exposures to certain substances or wastes associated
with our operations, could result in costs and liabilities that could materially
and adversely affect us and could have a material adverse impact on our cash
flows, results of operations or financial condition.

The
Mine Safety and Health Administration (“MSHA”) or other federal or state
regulatory agencies may order certain of our mines to be temporarily or
permanently closed, which could adversely affect our ability to meet our
customers’ demands.

MSHA or
other federal or state regulatory agencies may order certain of our mines to be
temporarily or permanently closed. Our customers may challenge our issuance of
force majeure notices in connection with such closures. If these challenges are
successful, we may have to purchase coal from third-party sources to satisfy
those challenges; negotiate settlements with customers, which may include price
reductions, the reduction of commitments or the extension of the time for
delivery, terminate customers’ contracts or face claims initiated by our
customers against us. The resolution of these challenges could have a material
adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

We
must obtain governmental permits and approvals for mining operations, which can
be a costly and time-consuming process, can result in restrictions on our
operations, and is subject to litigation that may delay or prevent us from
obtaining necessary permits.

Our
operations are principally regulated under surface mining permits issued
pursuant to the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act (the “SMCRA”) and
state counterpart laws. Such permits are issued for terms of five years with the
right of successive renewal. Additionally, the Clean Water Act requires permits
for operations that discharge into waters of the United States. Valley fills and
refuse impoundments are authorized under permits issued by the United States
Army Corps of Engineers. Such permitting under the Clean Water Act has been a
frequent subject of litigation by environmental advocacy groups that has
resulted in periodic declines in such permits issued by the United States Army
Corps of Engineers. Additionally, certain surface mines and preparation plants
have permits issued pursuant to the Clean Air Act and state counterpart laws
allowing and controlling the discharge of air pollutants. Regulatory authorities
exercise considerable discretion in the timing of permit issuance. Requirements
imposed by these authorities may be costly and time-consuming and may result in
delays in, or in some instances preclude, the commencement or continuation of
development or production operations. Adverse outcomes in lawsuits challenging
permits or failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in the
suspension, denial or revocation of required permits, which could have a
material adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

The
loss of key personnel or the failure to attract qualified personnel could affect
our ability to operate the Company effectively.

The
successful management of our business is dependent on a number of key personnel.
Our future success will be affected by our continued ability to attract and
retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. There are no assurances that key
personnel will continue to be employed by us or that we will be able to attract
and retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to retain or attract key
personnel could have an adverse affect on our cash flows, results of operations
or financial condition.

Shortages of skilled labor in the
Central Appalachian coal industry may pose a risk in achieving high levels of
productivity at competitive costs.

Coal
mining continues to be a labor-intensive industry. From time to time, we have
encountered a shortage of experienced mine workers when the demand and prices
for all specifications of coal we mine increased appreciably. During those
periods, the hiring of these less experienced workers negatively impacted our
productivity and cash costs. A lack of 

 30

skilled
miners could have an adverse impact on our labor productivity and cost and our
ability to meet current production requirements to fulfill existing sales
commitments or to expand production to meet the increased demand for
coal.

Union
represented labor creates an increased risk of work stoppages and higher labor
costs.

At
December 31, 2009, approximately 1.3% of our total workforce was represented by
the United Mine Workers of America (the “UMWA”). Our unionized workforce is
spread out amongst five of our coal preparation plants. In 2009, these
preparation plants handled approximately 15.8% of our coal production. We are
currently in the process of negotiating successor collective bargaining
agreements for ones that have expired. In connection with these negotiations and
with respect to our unionized operations generally, there may be an increased
risk of strikes and other labor disputes, as well as higher labor costs. If some
or all of our current open shop operations were to become unionized, we could be
subject to additional risk of work stoppages, other labor disputes and higher
labor costs, which could adversely affect the stability of production and reduce
net income.

Legislation
has been proposed to the United States Congress to enact a law allowing for
workers to choose union representation solely by signing election cards (“Card
Check”), which would eliminate the use of secret ballots to elect union
representation. While the impact is uncertain, if Card Check legislation is
enacted into law, it will be administratively easier for the UMWA to unionize
coal mines and may lead to more coal mines becoming unionized.

Inflationary
pressures on supplies and labor may adversely affect our profit
margins.

Although
inflation in the United States has been relatively low in recent years, over the
course of the last two to three years, we have been significantly impacted by
price inflation in many of the components of our cost of produced coal revenue,
such as fuel, steel and labor. If the prices for which we sell our coal do not
increase in step with rising costs or if these costs do not decline
sufficiently, our profit margins would be reduced and our cash flows, results of
operations or financial condition would be adversely affected.

We
are subject to various legal proceedings, which may have a material effect on
our business.

We are
parties to a number of legal proceedings incident to normal business activities.
Some of the allegations brought against us are with merit, while others are not.
There is always the potential that an individual matter or the aggregation of
many matters could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of
operations or financial position. See Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.

We
have significant reclamation and mine closure obligations. If the assumptions
underlying our accruals are materially inaccurate, we could be required to
expend greater amounts than anticipated.

SMCRA
establishes operational, reclamation and closure standards for all aspects of
surface mining as well as most aspects of deep mining. Estimates of our total
reclamation and mine-closing liabilities are based upon permit requirements and
our engineering expertise related to these requirements. The estimate of
ultimate reclamation liability is reviewed periodically by management and
engineers. The estimated liability can change significantly if actual costs vary
from assumptions or if governmental regulations change
significantly.

Our
future expenditures for postretirement benefit and pension obligations could be
materially higher than we have predicted if our underlying assumptions are
incorrect.

We are
subject to long-term liabilities under a variety of benefit plans and other
arrangements with current and former employees. These obligations have been
estimated based on actuarial assumptions, including actuarial estimates, assumed
discount rates, estimates of life expectancy, expected returns on pension plan
assets and changes in healthcare costs.

If our
assumptions relating to these benefits change in the future or are incorrect, we
may be required to record additional expenses, which would reduce our
profitability. In addition, future regulatory and accounting changes relating to
these benefits could result in increased obligations or additional costs, which
could also have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, results of
operations or financial condition. See also Notes 5, 10 and 11 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.

 31

Our
pension plans are currently underfunded and we may have to make significant cash
payments to the plans, reducing the cash available for our
business.

We
sponsor a qualified non-contributory defined benefit pension plan, which covers
substantially all administrative and non-union employees.  We
currently expect to make voluntary contributions in 2010 of approximately $20
million. If the performance of the assets in our pension plans does not meet our
expectations, or if other actuarial assumptions are modified, our contributions
could be higher than we expect.

The value
of the assets held in our pension plans has been adversely affected by the
recent disruptions in the financial markets, and the applicable discount rates
applied in determining our pension liabilities have also been negatively
affected by the crisis in the financial markets. As a result, as of
December 31, 2009, our annual measurement date, our pension plan was
underfunded by $55.6 million (based on the actuarial assumptions used in the
application of GAAP). Our pension plans are subject to the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”). Under ERISA, the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation, or PBGC, has the authority to terminate an underfunded pension plan
under limited circumstances. In the event our pension plan is terminated for any
reason while the plan is underfunded, we will incur a liability to the PBGC that
may be equal to the entire amount of the underfunding.

Provisions
in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws, the agreements
governing our indebtedness and Delaware law may discourage a takeover attempt
even if doing so might be beneficial to our shareholders.

Provisions
contained in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws could
impose impediments to the ability of a third-party to acquire us even if a
change of control would be beneficial to our shareholders. Provisions of our
restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws impose various
procedural and other requirements, which could make it more difficult for
stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. For example, our restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to determine the
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of unissued series of preferred
stock, without any vote or action by our stockholders. Thus, our Board of
Directors can authorize and issue shares of preferred stock with voting or
conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting or other rights of
holders of Common Stock. We are also subject to provisions of Delaware law that
prohibit us from engaging in any business combination with any “interested
stockholder,” meaning, generally, that a stockholder who beneficially owns more
than 15% of Common Stock cannot acquire us for a period of three years from the
date this person became an interested stockholder unless various conditions are
met, such as approval of the transaction by our Board of Directors. These
provisions may have the effect of delaying or deterring a change of control of
our Company, and could limit the price that certain investors might be willing
to pay in the future for shares of Common Stock.

If a
“fundamental change” (as defined in the indenture governing the 3.25%
convertible senior notes due 2015 (“3.25% Notes”)) occurs, holders of the 3.25%
Notes will have the right, at their option, either to convert their 3.25% Notes
or require us to repurchase all or a portion of their 3.25% Notes, and holders
of the 2.25% convertible senior notes due 2024 (“2.25% Notes”) will have the
right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their notes. In the event
of a “make-whole fundamental change” (as defined in the indenture governing the
3.25% Notes), we also may be required to increase the conversion rate applicable
to any 3.25% Notes surrendered for conversion. In addition, the indentures for
the convertible notes prohibit us from engaging in certain mergers or
acquisitions unless, among other things, the surviving entity is a
U.S. entity that assumes our obligations under the convertible notes.
Certain of our debt instruments impose similar restrictions on us, including
with respect to mergers or consolidations with other companies and the sale of
substantially all of our assets. These provisions could prevent or deter a
third-party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could be beneficial to
you.

We
may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits from acquisitions we
undertake, as acquisitions entail a number of inherent risks.

From time
to time we expand our business and reserve position through acquisitions of
businesses and assets, mergers, joint ventures or other transactions. Such
transactions involve various inherent risks, such as:

 §  

 uncertainties
 in assessing the value, strengths and potential profitability of, and
 identifying the extent of all weaknesses, risks, contingent and other
 liabilities (including environmental liabilities) of, acquisition or other
 transaction candidates;

 §  

 the
 potential loss of key customers, management and employees of an acquired
 business;

 32

 §  

 the
 ability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies
 anticipated to result from an acquisition or other
 transaction;

 §  

 problems
 that could arise from the integration of the acquired
 business;

 §  

 the
 risk of obtaining mining permits for acquired coal assets;
 and

 §  

 unanticipated
 changes in business, industry or general economic conditions that affect
 the assumptions underlying the acquisition or other transaction
 rationale.

Any one
or more of these and other factors could cause us not to realize the benefits
anticipated to result from the acquisition of businesses or assets or could
result in unexpected liabilities associated with these
acquisitions.

Foreign
currency fluctuations could adversely affect the competitiveness of our coal
abroad.

We rely
on customers in other countries for a portion of our sales, with shipments to
countries in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Africa. We compete
in these international markets against coal produced in other countries. Coal is
sold internationally in United States dollars. As a result, mining costs in
competing producing countries may be reduced in United States dollar terms based
on currency exchange rates, providing an advantage to foreign coal producers.
Currency fluctuations among countries purchasing and selling coal could
adversely affect the competitiveness of our coal in international
markets.

Terrorist
attacks and threats, escalation of military activity in response to such attacks
or acts of war may negatively affect our cash flows, results of operations or
financial condition.

Our
business is affected by general economic conditions, fluctuations in consumer
confidence and spending, and market liquidity, which can decline as a result of
numerous factors outside of our control, such as terrorist attacks and acts of
war. Future terrorist attacks against United States targets, rumors or threats
of war, actual conflicts involving the United States or its allies, or military
or trade disruptions affecting customers may materially adversely affect
operations. As a result, there could be delays or losses in transportation and
deliveries of coal to customers, decreased sales of coal and extension of time
for payment of accounts receivable from customers. Strategic targets such as
energy-related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than
other targets in the United States. In addition, such disruption may lead to
significant increases in energy prices that could result in government-imposed
price controls. It is possible that any, or a combination, of these occurrences
could have a material impact on cash flows, results of operations or financial
condition.

Coal
mining is subject to inherent risks, some for which we maintain third-party
insurance and some for which we self-insure.

Our
operations are subject to certain events and conditions that could disrupt
operations, including fires and explosions, accidental mine water discharges,
coal slurry releases and impoundment failures, natural disasters, equipment
failures, maintenance problems and flooding. We maintain insurance policies that
provide limited coverage for some, but not all, of these risks. Even where
insurance coverage applies, there can be no assurance that these risks would be
fully covered by insurance policies and insurers may contest their obligations
to make payments. Failures by insurers to make payments could have a material
adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations or financial condition.
We self-insure our highwall miners and underground equipment, including our
longwalls. We do not currently carry business interruption
insurance.