that Could Affect Our Business

 24

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

 27

 Business Environment

 31

 Results of Operations

 32

 Consolidated Results of Operations

 33

 Business Segments

 39

 Geographic Information

 48

 Consolidated Balance Sheets

 49

 Off-Balance Sheet Exposures

 50

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments

 52

 Capital and Funding

 53

 Risk Management

 60

 Recent Accounting Developments

 71

 Activities of Principal Subsidiaries

 75

 Management’s Discussion of Financial
 Responsibility, Disclosure Controls and
 Procedures, and Report on Internal Control Over Financial
 Reporting

 77

 Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm

 79

 Consolidated Financial Statements

 81

 Consolidated Statements of (Loss)/Earnings

 81

 Consolidated Balance Sheets

 82

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in
 Stockholders’ Equity

 84

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
 (Loss)/Income

 85

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

 86

 Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements

 87

 Note 1.

 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

 87

 Note 2.

 Segment and Geographic Information

 102

 Note 3.

 Fair Value and Trading Risk Management

 104

 Note 4.

 Securities Financing Transactions

 112

 Note 5.

 Investment Securities

 113

 Note 6.

 Securitization Transactions and Transactions with
 Special Purpose Entities

 117

 Note 7.

 Loans, Notes, and Mortgages and Related
 Commitments to Extend Credit

 122

 Note 8.

 Goodwill and Intangibles

 125

 Note 9.

 Borrowings and Deposits

 126

 Note 10.

 Stockholders’ Equity and Earnings Per
 Share

 130

 Note 11.

 Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees

 133

 Note 12.

 Employee Benefit Plans

 140

 Note 13.

 Employee Incentive Plans

 145

 Note 14.

 Income Taxes

 150

 Note 15.

 Regulatory Requirements

 152

 Note 16.

 Acquisitions

 153

 Note 17.

 Discontinued Operations

 154

 Note 18.

 BlackRock Merger

 154

 Note 19.

 Subsequent Events

 155

 Note 20.

 Cash Flow Restatement

 155

 Supplemental Financial Information
 (Unaudited)

 156

 Quarterly Information

 156

 Dividends Per Common Share

 157

 Stockholder Information

 158

 Stock Performance Graph

 158

 Other Information (Unaudited)

 159

 Corporate Information

 168

 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

 169

 Cross-Reference Index

 170

 Signatures

 171

 Exhibit Index

 E-1

 EX-4.5: Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture to the 1983 Senior Indenture

 EX-10.2: Form of Release of rights under Severance Agreements

 EX-10.27: Capital Accumulation Award Plan as Amended

 EX-10.29: Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan for Managers and Producers, as amended

 EX-10.30: Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan for executive officers, as amended

 EX-10.32: Employee Stock Compensation Plan as amended

 EX-12: Statement re: computation of ratios

 EX-21: Subsidiaries of ML & Co.

 EX-23.1: Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP

 EX-23.2: Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of BlackRock, Inc., Deloitte & Touche LLP

 EX-31.1: Certification of the Chief Executive Officer

 EX-31.2: Certification of the Chief Financial Officer

 EX-32.1: Certification

 EX-32.2: Certification

 EX-99.1: Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures

 EX-99.2: Report of Deloitte & Touche LLP

 EX-99.8: Condensed Financial Information

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 18

Table of Contents

 Selected Financial
 Data

 YEAR ENDED LAST FRIDAY IN DECEMBER

 2007

 2006

 2005

 2004

 2003

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

 (52 WEEKS

 )

 (52 WEEKS

 )

 (52 WEEKS

 )

 (53 WEEKS

 )

 (52 WEEKS

 )

 Results of Operations

 Total Revenues

 $

 62,675

 $

 69,352

 $

 46,848

 $

 31,916

 $

 27,392

 Less Interest Expense

 51,425

 35,571

 21,571

 10,416

 7,844

 Revenues, Net of Interest Expense

 11,250

 33,781

 25,277

 21,500

 19,548

 Non-Interest Expenses

 24,081

 23,971

 18,516

 15,992

 14,474

 Pre-Tax (Loss)/Earnings from Continuing Operations

 (12,831

 )

 9,810

 6,761

 5,508

 5,074

 Income Tax (Benefit)/Expense

 (4,194

 )

 2,713

 1,946

 1,244

 1,341

 Net (Loss)/Earnings from Continuing Operations

 $

 (8,637

 )

 $

 7,097

 $

 4,815

 $

 4,264

 $

 3,733

 Pre-Tax Earnings from Discontinued Operations

 $

 1,397

 $

 616

 $

 470

 $

 327

 $

 146

 Income Tax Expense

 $

 537

 $

 214

 $

 169

 $

 155

 $

 43

 Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations

 $

 860

 $

 402

 $

 301

 $

 172

 $

 103

Net
(Loss)/Earnings Applicable to
Common
Stockholders
(1)

 $

 (8,047

 )

 $

 7,311

 $

 5,046

 $

 4,395

 $

 3,797

 Financial Position

 Total Assets

 $

 1,020,050

 $

 841,299

 $

 681,015

 $

 628,098

 $

 480,233

Short-Term
Borrowings(2)

 316,545

 284,226

 221,389

 180,058

 111,727

 Deposits

 103,987

 84,124

 80,016

 79,746

 79,457

 Long-Term Borrowings

 260,973

 181,400

 132,409

 119,513

 85,178

 Junior Subordinated Notes
 (related to trust preferred securities)

 5,154

 3,813

 3,092

 3,092

 3,203

 Total Stockholders’ Equity

 $

 31,932

 $

 39,038

 $

 35,600

 $

 31,370

 $

 28,884

 Common Share Data

 (in thousands, except per share amounts)

 (Loss)/Earnings Per Share:

 Basic (Loss)/Earnings Per Common Share from Continuing Operations

 $

 (10.73

 )

 $

 7.96

 $

 5.32

 $

 4.62

 $

 4.10

 Basic Earnings Per Common Share from Discontinued Operations

 1.04

 0.46

 0.34

 0.19

 0.12

 Basic (Loss)/Earnings Per Common Share

 $

 (9.69

 )

 $

 8.42

 $

 5.66

 $

 4.81

 $

 4.22

 Diluted (Loss)/Earnings Per Common Share from Continuing
 Operations

 $

 (10.73

 )

 $

 7.17

 $

 4.85

 $

 4.21

 $

 3.77

 Diluted Earnings Per Common Share from Discontinued Operations

 1.04

 0.42

 0.31

 0.17

 0.10

 Diluted (Loss)/Earnings Per Common Share

 $

 (9.69

 )

 $

 7.59

 $

 5.16

 $

 4.38

 $

 3.87

 Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding:

 Basic

 830,415

 868,095

 890,744

 912,935

 900,711

 Diluted

 830,415

 962,962

 977,736

 1,003,779

 980,947

 Shares Outstanding at Year-End

 939,112

 867,972

 919,201

 931,826

 949,907

 Book Value Per Share

 $

 29.34

 $

 41.35

 $

 35.82

 $

 32.99

 $

 29.96

 Dividends Paid Per Share

 $

 1.40

 $

 1.00

 $

 0.76

 $

 0.64

 $

 0.64

 Financial Ratios

 Pre-Tax Profit Margin from Continuing Operations

 N/M

 29.0

 %

 26.7

 %

 25.6

 %

 26.0

 %

 Common Dividend Payout Ratio

 N/M

 11.9

 %

 13.4

 %

 13.3

 %

 15.2

 %

 Return on Average Assets

 N/M

 0.9

 %

 0.7

 %

 0.8

 %

 0.8

 %

 Return on Average Common Stockholders’ Equity from
 Continuing Operations

 N/M

 20.1

 %

 15.0

 %

 13.8

 %

 14.4

 %

 Other Statistics

 Full-Time Employees:

 U.S.

 48,700

 43,700

 43,200

 40,200

 38,200

 Non-U.S.

 15,500

 12,500

 11,400

 10,400

 9,900

Total(3)

 64,200

 56,200

 54,600

 50,600

 48,100

 Financial Advisors

 16,740

 15,880

 15,160

 14,140

 13,530

 Client Assets (dollars in billions)

 $

 1,751

 $

 1,619

 $

 1,458

 $

 1,359

 $

 1,267

 Note: Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to
 conform to current period presentation.

 N/M = Not Meaningful

 (1)

 Net (loss)/earnings less preferred
 stock dividends.

 (2)

 Consists of payables under
 repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions and
 short-term borrowings.

 (3)

 Excludes 700, 100, 200, 100 and
 200 full-time employees on salary continuation severance at
 year-end 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003 respectively.

 page 19

Table of Contents

 Management’s Discussion
 and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations

    Forward-Looking
 Statements and Non-GAAP Financial Measures

 We have included certain statements in this report which may be
 considered forward-looking, including those about management
 expectations, strategic objectives, growth opportunities,
 business prospects, anticipated financial results, the impact of
 off-balance sheet exposures, significant contractual
 obligations, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory
 investigations and proceedings, risk management policies and
 other similar matters. These forward-looking statements
 represent only Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.’s
 (“ML & Co.” and, together with its
 subsidiaries, “Merrill Lynch”, the
 “company”, “we”, “our” or
 “us”) beliefs regarding future performance, which is
 inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors, many of
 which are beyond our control, which affect our operations,
 performance, business strategy and results and could cause our
 actual results and experience to differ materially from the
 expectations and objectives expressed in any forward-looking
 statements. These factors include, but are not limited to,
 actions and initiatives taken by both current and potential
 competitors and counterparties, general economic conditions,
 market conditions, the effects of current, pending and future
 legislation, regulation and regulatory actions, the actions of
 rating agencies and the other risks and uncertainties detailed
 in this report. See “Risk Factors that Could Affect Our
 Business”. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place
 undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only
 as of the dates on which they are made. We do not undertake to
 update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of
 circumstances or events that arise after the dates they are
 made. The reader should, however, consult further disclosures we
 may make in future filings of our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K,
 Quarterly Reports on

Form 10-Q
 and Current Reports on

Form 8-K.

 From time to time, we may also disclose financial information on
 a non-GAAP basis where management uses this information and
 believes this information will be valuable to investors in
 gauging the quality of our financial performance, identifying
 trends in our results and providing more meaningful
 period-to-period comparisons. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP
 measures presented throughout this report see Exhibit 99.1
 filed with our 2007 Form 10-K.

    Available
 Information

 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements
 and other information with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission (“SEC”). You may read and copy any document
 we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at
 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC
 20549. Please call the SEC at
 1-800-SEC-0330
 for information on the Public Reference Room. The SEC maintains
 an internet site that contains annual, quarterly and current
 reports, proxy and information statements and other information
 that we file electronically with the SEC. The SEC’s
 internet site is www.sec.gov.

 Our internet address is www.ml.com, and the investor relations
 section of our website can be accessed directly at
 www.ir.ml.com. We make available, free of charge, our proxy
 statements, Annual Reports on
 Form 10-K,
 Quarterly Reports on

Form 10-Q,
 Current Reports on

Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934. These reports are available through our website as soon as
 reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically
 filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We have also posted on our
 website corporate governance materials including our Guidelines
 for Business Conduct, Code of Ethics for Financial
 Professionals, Director Independence Standards, Corporate
 Governance Guidelines, Related Party Transactions Policy and
 charters for the committees of our Board of Directors. In
 addition, our website (through a link to the SEC’s website)
 includes information on purchases and sales of our equity
 securities by our executive officers and directors, as well as
 disclosures relating to certain non-GAAP financial measures (as
 defined in the SEC’s Regulation G) that we may
 make public orally, telephonically, by webcast, by broadcast or
 by similar means from time to time.

 We will post on our website amendments to our Guidelines for
 Business Conduct and Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals
 and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules
 of either the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange. You can obtain
 printed copies of these documents, free of charge, upon written
 request to Judith A. Witterschein, Corporate Secretary, Merrill
 Lynch & Co., Inc., 222 Broadway, 17th Floor,
 New York, NY 10038 or by email at corporate
 ­
 ­

secretary@ml.com.
 The information on our website is not incorporated by reference
 into this Report.

   Introduction

 Merrill Lynch was formed in 1914 and became a publicly traded
 company on June 23, 1971. In 1973, we created the holding
 company, ML & Co., a Delaware corporation that,
 through its subsidiaries, is one of the world’s leading
 capital markets, advisory and wealth management companies with
 offices in 40 countries and territories and total client assets
 of almost $2 trillion at December 28, 2007. As an
 investment bank, we are a leading global trader and underwriter
 of securities and derivatives across a broad range of asset
 classes, and we serve as a strategic advisor to corporations,
 governments, institutions and individuals worldwide. In
 addition, we own a 45% voting interest and approximately half of
 the economic interest of BlackRock, Inc.
 (“BlackRock”), one of the world’s largest
 publicly traded investment management companies with
 approximately $1.4 trillion in assets under management at
 December 28, 2007.

 Since the fourth quarter of 2006, our business segment reporting
 reflects the management reporting lines established after the
 merger of our Merrill Lynch Investment Managers
 (“MLIM”) business with BlackRock on September 29,
 2006 (the “BlackRock merger”).

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 20

Table of Contents

 Prior to the fourth quarter of 2006, we reported our business
 activities in three business segments: Global Markets and
 Investment Banking (“GMI”), Global Private Client
 (“GPC”), and MLIM. Effective with the BlackRock
 merger, MLIM ceased to exist as a separate business segment. As
 a result, a new business segment, Global Wealth Management
 (“GWM”), was created, consisting of GPC and Global
 Investment Management (“GIM”). GWM and GMI are now our
 business segments. We have restated prior period segment
 information to conform to the current period presentation and,
 as a result, are presenting GWM as if it had existed for these
 prior periods. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further information on segments, and see
 Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 additional information on the BlackRock merger.

 The following is a description of our current business segments:

 GMI

 GWM

 Clients

 Corporations, financial institutions, institutional
 investors, and governments

 Individuals, small- to mid-size businesses, and
 employee benefit plans

 Products and businesses

 Global Markets

 Global Private Client

• Facilitates client transactions and makes markets in securities, derivatives, currencies, commodities and other financial instruments to satisfy client demands

• Provides clients with financing, securities clearing, settlement, and custody services

• Engages in principal and private equity investing and certain proprietary trading activities

Investment Banking
• Provides a wide range of securities origination services for issuer clients, including underwriting and placement of public and private equity, debt and related securities, as well as lending and other financing activities for clients globally

• Advises clients on strategic issues, valuation,mergers, acquisitions and restructurings

• Most of our services are delivered by our Financial Advisors (“FAs”)

• Commission and fee-based investment accounts

• Banking, cash management, and credit services, including consumer and small business lending and Visa® cards

• Trust and generational planning

• Retirement services

• Insurance products

Global Investment Management
• Creates and manages hedge funds and other alternative investment products for GPC clients

• Includes net earnings from our ownership positions in other investment management companies, including our investment in BlackRock

 Strategic
 priorities

• Disciplined expansion globally

• Optimize amount of capital allocated to businesses

• Continue to invest in technology to enhance productivity and efficiency

• Strengthen linkages with our GWM business

• Enhance risk management capabilities

 • Continued growth in client assets
 • Hiring of additional FAs

 • Focus on client segmentation and increased
 annuitization of revenues through fee-based products

 • Diversify revenues through adding products and
 services

 • Continue to invest in technology to enhance
 productivity and efficiency

 • Disciplined expansion globally

 We also provide a variety of research services on a global basis
 through Global Research. These services are at the core of the
 value proposition we offer to institutional and individual
 investor clients and are an integral component of the product
 offerings to GMI and GWM. This group distributes research
 focusing on four main disciplines globally: fundamental equity
 research, fixed income and equity-linked research, economics and
 foreign exchange research and investment strategy research. We
 consistently rank among the leading research providers in the
 industry, and our analysts and other professionals cover
 approximately 3,600 companies.

 We are a Consolidated Supervised Entity (“CSE”) and
 subject to group-wide supervision by the SEC. As a CSE, we
 compute allowable capital and allowances and permit the SEC to
 examine the books and records of the holding company and of any
 subsidiary that does not have a principal regulator. We have
 also adopted SEC reporting, record-keeping, and notification
 requirements. We were in compliance with applicable CSE
 standards as of December 28, 2007. In respect of the
 European Union (“EU”) Financial Conglomerates (or
 “Financial Groups”) Directive, the U.K. Financial
 Services Authority (“FSA”) has determined that the SEC
 undertakes equivalent consolidated supervision for Merrill Lynch.

 page 21

Table of Contents

   Executive
 Overview

    Company
 Results

 We reported a net loss from continuing operations for 2007 of
 $8.6 billion, or $10.73 loss per diluted share, compared to
 net earnings from continuing operations of $7.1 billion, or
 $7.17 per diluted share for 2006. Net revenues for 2007 were
 $11.3 billion, down 67% from $33.8 billion in 2006,
 while the 2007 pre-tax loss from continuing operations was
 $12.8 billion compared to pre-tax earnings from continuing
 operations of $9.8 billion for 2006.

 Our substantially reduced performance during the year was
 primarily driven by significant declines in Fixed Income,
 Currencies & Commodities (“FICC”) net
 revenues for the second half of the year, which more than offset
 record full year net revenues in Equity Markets, Investment
 Banking and GPC, and record first half net revenues from FICC.
 During the second half of 2007, FICC net revenues were
 materially impacted by a weaker business environment which
 resulted in full year net write-downs that included
 approximately $23.2 billion related to
 U.S. collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”)
 comprised of asset-backed securities (“ABS CDOs”),
 U.S. sub-prime residential mortgages and securities, and
 credit valuation adjustments related to hedges with financial
 guarantors on U.S. ABS CDOs.

    Global
 Markets and Investment Banking (GMI)

 GMI recorded negative net revenues of $2.7 billion and a
 pre-tax loss of $16.3 billion for 2007, primarily due to
 net losses in FICC, partially offset by record net revenues from
 Equity Markets and Investment Banking. GMI’s net revenues
 also included gains of approximately $1.9 billion
 (approximately $1.2 billion in FICC and $700 million
 in Equity Markets) due to the impact of the widening of Merrill
 Lynch’s credit spreads on the carrying value of certain of
 our long-term debt liabilities. Net revenues from GMI’s
 three major business lines were as follows:

 FICC net revenues were negative $15.9 billion for
 2007, impacted primarily by net write-downs of
 $16.7 billion related to U.S. ABS CDOs, write-downs of
 $3.2 billion related to U.S. sub-prime residential
 mortgage exposures, credit valuation adjustments of
 $2.6 billion related to our hedges with financial
 guarantors on U.S. ABS CDOs and write-downs of
 approximately $700 million related to sub-prime related
 securities in our U.S. banks investment securities
 portfolio. To a lesser extent, FICC was impacted by write-downs
 related to other residential mortgage and commercial real estate
 exposures and liabilities recorded for probable losses of
 non-investment grade lending commitments. In addition, the
 business environment for FICC became more challenging towards
 the end of 2007, and resulted in substantially reduced client
 flows and decreased trading opportunities.

 Equity Markets net revenues for 2007 were a record
 $8.3 billion, up 23% from 2006, driven by strong trading
 volumes in our cash equities platform where we achieved a market
 leading position in U.S. and London Stock Exchange listed
 stocks. Full year results were also driven by strength in
 equity-linked trading and the financing and services businesses.
 These increases in net revenues for the year more than offset a
 year-over-year decline in net revenues from our private equity
 business.

 Investment Banking net revenues for 2007 were a record
 $4.9 billion, up 22% from the prior year. This reflects
 substantial growth in net revenues for both our equity
 origination and strategic advisory businesses, which increased
 34% and 58% respectively, and the momentum in our global
 origination franchise, as evidenced by our role as sole advisor
 to the consortium including Royal Bank of Scotland, Fortis and
 Banco Santander on their landmark acquisition of ABN AMRO. These
 increases in net revenues for equity origination and strategic
 advisory services were partially offset by a decline of 9% in
 debt origination revenues which were impacted by the difficult
 credit markets.

    Global
 Wealth Management (GWM)

 GWM continued to generate robust net revenues and pre-tax
 earnings in 2007, reflecting continued strong growth in GPC,
 which set numerous records, and GIM, which includes earnings
 from our investment in BlackRock. For 2007, GWM’s net
 revenues increased 18% to $14.0 billion, driven by both GPC
 and GIM. Pre-tax earnings increased 59% from the prior year to
 $3.6 billion, and GWM’s 2007 pre-tax profit margin was
 25.9%, up 6.6 percentage points from 19.3% in the
 prior-year. Net revenues from GWM’s major business lines
 were as follows:

 GPC net revenues for 2007 were a record
 $12.9 billion, up 14% year-over-year, with revenue growth
 across all major product lines. Fee-based revenues rose
 significantly reflecting higher market values and strong flows
 into fee-based products, and transaction and origination
 revenues grew strongly driven by higher client transaction
 volumes, particularly outside the United States, and growth in
 origination activity across all products. Net interest profit
 rose as well, reflecting increased revenues from U.S. bank
 deposits and the results of First Republic Bank (“First
 Republic”), which we acquired on September 21, 2007.

 GIM net revenues for 2007 were $1.1 billion, up 107%
 from 2006, driven by the inclusion of a full year’s revenue
 from the investment in BlackRock, as well as strong growth in
 GIM’s alternative investments business and strategic
 holdings in investment management companies.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 22

Table of Contents

 GWM Key
 Metrics

 2007 was a particularly strong year for GWM in terms of
 financial performance, growth in client assets including net new
 money, and the recruitment, training and retention of FAs. Key
 statistics related to client assets, net new money and FAs are
 as follows:

 FOR THE YEAR

 FOR THE YEAR

 ENDED DEC. 28,

 ENDED DEC. 29,

 (DOLLARS IN BILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

 Client Assets

 U.S.

 $

 1,586

 $

 1,483

 Non-U.S.

 165

 136

 Total Client Assets

 1,751

 1,619

 Assets in Annuitized-Revenue Products

 655

 611

 Net New Money

All Client
Accounts(1)

 $

 80

 $

 60

Annuitized-Revenue
Products(1)(2)

 38

 48

 Financial Advisors

 16,740

 15,880

 Note: Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to
 conform to the current period presentation.

 (1)

 Net new money excludes flows
 associated with the Institutional Advisory Division which serves
 certain small- and middle-market companies, as well as net
 inflows at BlackRock from distribution channels other than
 Merrill Lynch.

 (2)

 Includes both net new client assets
 into annuitized-revenue products, as well as existing client
 assets transferred into annuitized-revenue products.

    Capital
 Transactions

 As a result of the decrease in our equity capital due to the
 large write-downs we incurred in 2007, one of our key priorities
 towards the end of the year and continuing into the start of
 2008 has been to focus on capital management which has led to
 the following stock issuances:

 • 

 Issuance of 80 million shares of common stock for
 $3.8 billion during the fourth quarter of 2007 in
 connection with equity investments from Temasek Capital
 (Private) Limited (“Temasek”) and Davis Selected
 Advisors LP (“Davis”);

 • 

 Issuance of 49.2 million shares of common stock for
 $2.4 billion during the first quarter of 2008 in connection
 with equity investments from Temasek and assignees; and

 • 

 Issuance of $6.6 billion of mandatory convertible preferred
 stock (convertible into a maximum of 126 million shares of
 common stock) during the first quarter of 2008 to long-term
 investors including the Korea Investment Corporation, Kuwait
 Investment Authority and Mizuho Corporate Bank.

    Strategic
 Transactions

 During 2007 we executed the following strategic transactions:

 Merrill Lynch
 Insurance Group

 On August 13, 2007, we announced a strategic business
 relationship with AEGON, N.V. (“AEGON”) in the areas
 of insurance and investment products. As part of this
 relationship, we agreed to sell Merrill Lynch Life Insurance
 Company and ML Life Insurance Company of New York (together
 “Merrill Lynch Insurance Group” or “MLIG”)
 to AEGON for $1.3 billion. We will continue to serve the
 insurance needs of our clients through our core distribution and
 advisory capabilities. The sale of MLIG was completed in the
 fourth quarter of 2007 and resulted in an after-tax gain of
 $316 million. The gain along with the results of MLIG have
 been reported within discontinued operations for all periods
 presented. We previously reported the results of MLIG in the GWM
 business segment. Refer to Note 17 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for additional information.

 First Republic
 Bank

 On September 21, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding
 common shares of First Republic in exchange for a combination of
 cash and stock for a total transaction value of
 $1.8 billion. First Republic provides personalized,
 relationship-based banking services, including private banking,
 private business banking, real estate lending, trust, brokerage
 and investment management. The results of operations of First
 Republic have been included in GWM since the transaction closed.
 Refer to Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 for additional information.

 Merrill Lynch
 Capital

 On December 24, 2007, we announced that we had reached an
 agreement with GE Capital to sell Merrill Lynch Capital, a
 wholly-owned middle-market commercial finance business. The sale
 includes substantially all of Merrill Lynch Capital’s
 operations, including its commercial real estate division. This
 transaction closed on February 4, 2008. We have included
 the results of Merrill Lynch Capital within discontinued
 operations for all periods presented. We previously reported
 results of Merrill Lynch Capital in the GMI business segment.
 Refer to Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 for additional information.

 As a result of the MLIG and Merrill Lynch Capital transactions
 we will be able to more effectively reallocate capital among our
 businesses.

 page 23

Table of Contents

    Outlook

 The challenging market conditions at the end of 2007 have
 continued into 2008, driven largely by significant weakness in
 the U.S. and European credit markets, which we expect to persist
 in the near term with continued asset repricing and valuation
 pressures across multiple asset classes. This continued weakness
 may negatively impact the valuation of our net exposures to
 U.S. super senior ABS CDOs, sub-prime related assets and
 other residential and commercial real estate related loans and
 securities, which would result in additional write-downs.
 Certain of these assets are held by our U.S. banks in their
 investment portfolio and are classified as available-for-sale
 securities. Current market conditions may also result in
 additional write-downs to the carrying amount of our investment
 portfolio. Additionally, negative economic conditions have begun
 to adversely impact other consumer lending asset classes.

 Specifically, we ended 2007 with sizeable long and short
 exposures to U.S. ABS CDOs as well as exposure to various
 residential real estate assets including U.S. sub-prime,
 U.S. Alt A, U.S. prime and
 non-U.S. residential
 loans and securities. See the U.S. ABS CDO and Other
 Mortgage-Related Activities section on pages 34 to 38 for
 descriptions and additional information on these net exposures.

 To economically hedge certain of our ABS CDO and
 U.S. sub-prime mortgage exposures, we entered into credit
 default swaps with various counterparties, including financial
 guarantors. At December 28, 2007, our short exposure from
 credit default swaps with financial guarantors to economically
 hedge certain U.S. super senior ABS CDOs was
 $13.8 billion, which represented credit default swaps with
 a notional amount of $19.9 billion that have been adjusted
 for mark-to-market gains of $6.1 billion. The fair value of
 these credit default swaps at December 28, 2007 was
 $3.5 billion, after taking into account a $2.6 billion
 credit valuation adjustment related to certain financial
 guarantors. We also have credit derivatives with financial
 guarantors across other referenced assets. The fair value of
 these credit derivatives at December 28, 2007 was
 $2.0 billion, after taking into account a $0.5 billion
 credit valuation adjustment.

 Subsequent to year-end, market conditions deteriorated and have
 led to negative rating agency actions for certain financial
 guarantors. We continue to monitor industry and company specific
 developments. Further credit deterioration of the underlying
 assets hedged with the financial guarantors
 and/or the
 financial guarantors themselves could have an adverse impact on
 our future financial performance.

 Conditions in both the Leveraged Finance and Commercial Real
 Estate markets, which began to deteriorate in the middle of
 2007, have continued to experience significant spread widening
 and price declines since the beginning of 2008. While difficult
 to predict, future market conditions will likely remain
 challenged due to increased volatility, uncertain economic
 conditions, overhang of the supply of certain large transactions
 that have not yet been successfully syndicated, and reduced
 demand from some market participants. Merrill Lynch continues to
 aggressively focus on reducing its aggregate exposures,
 monitoring the underlying fundamentals of these positions and
 exercising prudent underwriting discipline with respect to any
 new financing commitments.

 Overall, with these challenging credit conditions and declines
 in most global equity indices in 2008, volatility in the
 financial markets remains high, and capital markets uncertainty
 has increased. While these factors may negatively impact
 investment banking activity and GWM asset values in the near
 term, we expect certain FICC and Equity Markets businesses to
 benefit from increased client trading activity and proprietary
 trading opportunities. In addition, despite this near-term
 uncertainty, client interest in various strategic and financial
 transactions remains active globally, and investment banking
 pipelines continue to be at healthy levels.

 For the long-term, we continue to be optimistic about the
 outlook for our businesses. We expect global GDP growth to
 remain strong, particularly in emerging markets such as Brazil,
 China, India and the Middle East, which we expect to offset
 potentially slowing growth in the U.S. and certain other
 mature economies. Given our regional and product
 diversification, we expect continued growth of the global
 capital markets and ongoing wealth creation around the world to
 provide a favorable environment for our businesses over the
 long-term.

   Risk
 Factors that Could Affect Our Business

 In the course of conducting our business operations, we are
 exposed to a variety of risks that are inherent to the financial
 services industry. A summary of some of the significant risks
 that could affect our financial condition and results of
 operations is included below. Some of these risks are managed in
 accordance with established risk management policies and
 procedures, most of which are described in the Risk Management
 section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 (“MD&A”).

    Market
 Risk

 Our business may be adversely impacted by global market and
 economic conditions that may cause fluctuations in interest
 rates, exchange rates, equity and commodity prices and credit
 spreads. We are exposed to potential changes in the value of
 financial instruments caused by fluctuations in interest rates,
 currency exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, credit
 spreads,

and/or other
 risks. These fluctuations may result from changes in economic
 conditions, investor sentiment, monetary and fiscal policies,
 the liquidity of global markets, availability and cost of
 capital, the actions of credit rating agencies, international
 and regional political events, and acts of war or terrorism. We
 have large proprietary trading and investment positions, which
 include positions in fixed income, currency, commodities and
 equity securities, as well as in real estate, private equity and
 other investments. We have incurred losses and may incur
 additional losses as a result of increased market volatility or
 decreased market liquidity, as these fluctuations may adversely

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 24

Table of Contents

 impact the valuation of our trading and investment positions.
 Conversely, a decline in volatility may adversely affect results
 in our trading businesses, which depend on market volatility to
 create client and proprietary trading opportunities.

 We may incur additional material losses in future periods due
 to write-downs in the value of financial instruments. We
 recorded significant net write-downs in the 2007 fiscal year,
 primarily related to U.S. ABS CDOs, sub-prime residential
 mortgages, and credit valuation adjustments related to hedging
 transactions with financial guarantors on U.S. ABS CDOs.
 The markets for U.S. ABS CDOs and other sub-prime
 residential mortgage exposures remain extremely illiquid in
 early 2008 and as a result, valuation of these exposures is
 complex and involves a comprehensive process including the use
 of quantitative modeling and management judgment. Valuation of
 these exposures will also continue to be impacted by external
 market factors including default rates, a decline in the value
 of the underlying property, such as residential or commercial
 real estate, rating agency actions, the prices at which
 observable market transactions occur and the financial strength
 of counterparties, such as financial guarantors, with whom we
 have economically hedged some of our exposure to these assets.
 Our ability to mitigate our risk by selling or hedging our
 exposures is also limited by the market environment.

 Our business has been and may be adversely impacted by
 significant holdings of financial assets or significant loans or
 commitments to extend loans. In the course of our business,
 we often commit substantial amounts of capital to certain types
 of businesses or asset classes, including our trading,
 structured credit, residential and commercial real
 estate-related activities, investment banking, private equity
 and leveraged finance businesses. This commitment of capital
 exposes us to a number of risks, including market risk, in the
 case of our holdings of concentrated or illiquid positions in a
 particular asset class as part of our trading, structured
 credit, residential and commercial real estate-related
 activities, and credit risk, in the case of our leveraged
 lending businesses. Any decline in the value of such assets may
 reduce our revenues or result in losses.

    Credit
 Risk

 Our business may be adversely impacted by an increase in our
 credit exposure related to trading, lending, and other business
 activities. We are exposed to potential credit-related
 losses that can occur as a result of an individual, counterparty
 or issuer being unable or unwilling to honor its contractual
 obligations. These credit exposures exist within lending
 relationships, commitments, letters of credit, derivatives,
 including transactions we may enter into to hedge our exposure
 to various assets, foreign exchange and other transactions.
 These exposures may arise, for example, from a decline in the
 financial condition of a counterparty, from entering into swap
 or other derivative contracts under which counterparties have
 obligations to make payments to us, from a decrease in the value
 of securities of third parties that we hold as collateral, or
 from extending credit to clients through loans or other
 arrangements. As our credit exposure increases, it could have an
 adverse effect on our business and profitability if material
 unexpected credit losses occur.

    Risks
 Related to our Commodities Business

 We are exposed to environmental, reputational and regulatory
 risk as a result of our commodities related activities.
 Through our commodities business, we enter into
 exchange-traded contracts, financially settled over-the-counter
 (“OTC”) derivatives, contracts for physical delivery
 and contracts providing for the transportation, transmission

and/or
 storage rights on or in vessels, barges, pipelines, transmission
 lines or storage facilities. Contracts relating to physical
 ownership, delivery

and/or
 related activities can expose us to numerous risks, including
 performance, environmental and reputational risks. For example,
 we may incur civil or criminal liability under certain
 environmental laws and our business and reputation may be
 adversely affected. In addition, regulatory authorities have
 recently intensified scrutiny of certain energy markets, which
 has resulted in increased regulatory and legal enforcement,
 litigation and remedial proceedings involving companies engaged
 in the activities in which we are engaged.

    International
 Risk

 We have an increasing international presence and as a result,
 we are increasingly subject to a number of risks in various
 jurisdictions. In the past years, we have expanded our
 international operations and expect to continue to do so in the
 future. This expansion, however, gives us a greater exposure to
 a number of risks, including economic, market, reputational,
 litigation and regulatory risks. For example, in many emerging
 markets, the regulatory regime governing financial services
 firms is still developing, and the regulatory authorities may
 adopt restrictive regulation or policies, such as exchange,
 price or capital controls, that could have an adverse effect on
 our businesses. In addition, in virtually all markets, we are
 competing with a number of established competitors that in some
 cases may have significant competitive advantages over us in
 those markets.

    Liquidity
 Risk

 Our business and financial condition may be adversely
 impacted by an inability to borrow funds or sell assets to meet
 our obligations. We are exposed to liquidity risk, which is
 the potential inability to repay short-term borrowings with new
 borrowings or liquid assets that can be quickly converted into
 cash while meeting other obligations and continuing to operate
 as a going concern. Our liquidity may be impaired due to
 circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as general
 market disruptions, disruptions in the markets for any specific
 class of assets, including any disruption that would require us
 to honor commitments to provide liquidity to certain off-balance
 sheet vehicles, or an operational problem that affects our
 trading clients or ourselves. Our ability to sell assets may

 page 25

Table of Contents

 also be impaired if other market participants are seeking to
 sell similar assets at the same time. Our inability to borrow
 funds or sell assets to meet obligations, a negative change in
 our credit ratings that would have an adverse effect on our
 ability to borrow funds, increases in the amount of collateral
 required by counterparties, or regulatory capital restrictions
 imposed on the free flows of funds between us and our
 subsidiaries may have a negative effect on our business and
 financial condition.

    Operational
 Risk

 We may incur losses due to the failure of people, internal
 processes and systems or from external events. Our business
 may be adversely impacted by operational failures or from
 unfavorable external events. Such operational risks may include
 exposure to theft and fraud, improper business practices, client
 suitability and servicing risks, unauthorized transactions,
 product complexity and pricing risk or from improper recording,
 evaluating or accounting for transactions. We could suffer
 financial loss, disruption of our business, liability to
 clients, regulatory intervention or reputational damage from
 such events, which would affect our business and financial
 condition.

 We may incur losses as a result of an inability to
 effectively evaluate or mitigate the risks in our businesses.
 Our businesses expose us to a wide and increasing number of
 risks, including market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk,
 operational risk and litigation risk. For each of these and
 other risks that we face, we attempt to formulate and refine a
 framework to identify and address such risk. We have in the past
 and may in the future incur losses as a result of a failure to
 correctly evaluate or effectively address the risks in our
 business activities.

    Litigation
 Risk

 Legal proceedings could adversely affect our operating
 results for a particular period and impact our credit ratings.
 We have been named as a defendant in various legal actions,
 including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation
 arising in connection with our activities as a global
 diversified financial services institution. Some of the legal
 actions against us include claims for substantial compensatory

and/or
 punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages.
 Any prolonged decline in securities prices may lead to increased
 actions against many firms, including Merrill Lynch, and may
 lead to increased legal expenses and potential liability. In
 some cases, the issuers who would otherwise be the primary
 defendants are bankrupt or otherwise in financial distress.
 Given the number of these matters, some are likely to result in
 adverse judgments, penalties, injunctions, fines, or other
 relief. We are also involved in investigations

and/or
 proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies.

 We may explore potential settlements before a case is taken
 through trial because of uncertainty, risks, and costs inherent
 in the litigation process. In accordance with Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 5,
 Accounting for Contingencies
 (“SFAS No. 5”), we will accrue a
 liability when it is probable that a liability has been incurred
 and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In many
 lawsuits, arbitrations and investigations, including almost all
 of the class action lawsuits disclosed in “Other
 Information (Unaudited) — Legal Proceedings”, it
 is not possible to determine whether a liability has been
 incurred or to estimate the ultimate or minimum amount of that
 liability until the matter is close to resolution, in which case
 no accrual is made until that time. In view of the inherent
 difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters,
 particularly in matters in which claimants seek substantial or
 indeterminate damages, we cannot predict what the eventual loss
 or range of loss related to such matters will be. Potential
 losses may be material to our operating results for any
 particular period and may impact our credit ratings.

    Regulatory
 and Legislative Risks

 Many of our businesses are highly regulated and could be
 impacted, and in some instances adversely impacted, by
 regulatory and legislative initiatives around the world. Our
 businesses may be affected by various U.S. and

non-U.S. legislative
 bodies and regulatory and exchange authorities, such as federal
 and state securities and bank regulators including the SEC, the
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”), the
 Office of Thrift Supervision (“OTS”), and the Utah
 Department of Financial Institutions; self-regulatory
 organizations including the Financial Industry Regulatory
 Authority (“FINRA”), the Commodity Futures Trading
 Commission (“CFTC”), the United Kingdom Financial
 Services Authority (“FSA”), the Japan Financial
 Services Agency (“JFSA”), and the Irish Financial
 Regulator (“IFR”); and industry participants that
 continue to review and, in many cases, adopt changes to their
 established rules and policies. New laws or regulations or
 changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations may
 also adversely affect our businesses. As we expand globally we
 will encounter new laws, regulations and requirements that could
 impact our ability to operate in new local markets.

    Competitive
 Environment

 Competitive pressures in the financial services industry
 could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
 We compete globally for clients on the basis of price, the
 range of products that we offer, the quality of our services,
 our financial resources, and product and service innovation. The
 financial services industry continues to be affected by an
 intensely competitive environment, as demonstrated by the
 introduction of new technology platforms, consolidation through
 mergers, increased competition from new and established industry
 participants and diminishing margins in many mature products and
 services. We compete with U.S. and

non-U.S. commercial
 banks and other broker-dealers in brokerage, underwriting,
 trading, financing and advisory businesses. For example, the
 financial services industry in general, including us, has
 experienced intense price competition in brokerage, as the
 ability to

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 26

Table of Contents

 execute trades electronically, through the internet and through
 other alternative trading systems, has pressured trading
 commissions and spreads. Many of our
 non-U.S. competitors
 may have competitive advantages in their home markets. In
 addition, our business is substantially dependent on our
 continuing ability to compete effectively to attract and retain
 qualified employees, including successful FAs, investment
 bankers, trading and risk management professionals and other
 revenue-producing or support personnel.

 For further information on trading risks refer to Note 3 to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements.

   Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates

    Use
 of Estimates

 In presenting the Consolidated Financial Statements, management
 makes estimates regarding:

 • 

 Valuations of assets and liabilities requiring fair value
 estimates;

 • 

 The outcome of litigation;

 • 

 The realization of deferred taxes and the recognition and
 measurement of uncertain tax positions;

 • 

 Assumptions and cash flow projections used in determining
 whether variable interest entities (“VIEs”) should be
 consolidated and the determination of the qualifying status of
 qualified special purpose entities (“QSPEs”);

 • 

 The carrying amount of goodwill and other intangible assets;

 • 

 The amortization period of intangible assets with definite lives;

 • 

 Valuation of share-based payment compensation arrangements; and

 • 

 Other matters that affect the reported amounts and disclosure of
 contingencies in the financial statements.

 Estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment and available
 information. Therefore, actual results could differ from those
 estimates and could have a material impact on the Consolidated
 Financial Statements, and it is possible that such changes could
 occur in the near term. For more information regarding the
 specific methodologies used in determining estimates, refer to
 Use of Estimates in Note 1 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

    Valuation
 of Financial Instruments

 Proper valuation of financial instruments is a critical
 component of our financial statement preparation. We account for
 a significant portion of our financial instruments at fair value
 or consider fair value in our measurement. We account for
 certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value under
 various accounting literature, including SFAS No. 115,
 Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
 Securities, SFAS No. 133, 
Accounting for
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities and
 SFAS No. 159, 
Fair Value Option for Certain
 Financial Assets and Liabilities
 (“SFAS No. 159”). We also account for
 certain assets at fair value under applicable industry guidance,
 namely broker-dealer and investment company accounting guidance.

 In presenting the Consolidated Financial Statements, management
 makes estimates regarding valuations of assets and liabilities
 requiring fair value measurements. These assets and liabilities
 include:

 • 

 Trading inventory and investment securities;

 • 

 Private equity and principal investments;

 • 

 Certain receivables under resale agreements and payables under
 repurchase agreements;

 • 

 Loans and allowance for loan losses and liabilities recorded for
 unrealized losses on unfunded commitments; and

 • 

 Certain long-term borrowings, primarily structured debt.

 See further discussion in Note 1 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 We early adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 157
 Fair Value Measurements
 (“SFAS No. 157”) in the first quarter of
 2007. SFAS No. 157 defines fair value as the price
 that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
 liability in an orderly transaction between marketplace
 participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price). An
 exit price notion does not assume that the transaction price is
 the same as the exit price and thus permits the recognition of
 inception gains and losses on a transaction in certain
 circumstances. An exit price notion requires the valuation to
 consider what a marketplace participant would pay to buy an
 asset or receive to assume a liability. Therefore, we must rely
 upon observable market data before we can utilize internally
 derived valuations.

 Fair values for exchange-traded securities and certain
 exchange-traded derivatives, principally certain options
 contracts, are based on quoted market prices. Fair values for
 OTC derivatives, principally forwards, options, and swaps,
 represent amounts estimated to be received from or paid to a
 market participant in settlement of these instruments. These
 derivatives are valued using pricing models based on the net
 present value of estimated future cash flows and directly
 observed prices from exchange-traded derivatives, other OTC

 page 27

Table of Contents

 trades, or external pricing services and other inputs such as
 quoted interest and currency indices, while taking into account
 the counterparty’s credit rating, or our own credit rating
 as appropriate.

 New and/or
 complex instruments may have immature or limited markets. As a
 result, the pricing models used for valuation often incorporate
 significant estimates and assumptions that market participants
 would use in pricing the instrument, which may impact the
 results of operations reported in the Consolidated Financial
 Statements. For example, on long-dated and illiquid contracts we
 apply extrapolation methods to observed market data in order to
 estimate inputs and assumptions that are not directly
 observable. This enables us to mark to fair value all positions
 consistently when only a subset of prices is directly
 observable. Values for OTC derivatives are verified using
 observed information about the costs of hedging the risk and
 other trades in the market. As the markets for these products
 develop, we continually refine our pricing models to correlate
 more closely to the market price of these instruments. Obtaining
 the fair value for OTC derivative contracts requires the use of
 management judgment and estimates. In addition, during periods
 of market illiquidity, the valuation of certain cash products
 can also require significant judgment and the use of estimates
 by management. Examples of specific instruments and inputs that
 require significant judgment include:

 Asset-Backed
 Securities Valuation

 In the most liquid markets, readily available or observable
 prices are used in valuing asset backed securities. In less
 liquid markets, such as those that we have encountered in the
 second half of 2007, the lack of these prices necessitates the
 use of other available information and modeling techniques to
 approximate the fair value for some of these securities.

 For certain classes of asset-backed securities where lack of
 observable prices is most severe, we employ a fundamental
 cashflow valuation approach. To determine fair value for these
 instruments, we employ various econometric techniques, coupled
 with collateral performance analysis, and review of market
 comparables, if any. We then project collateral expected losses,
 leading to deal-specific discounting of cash flows at market
 levels. More specifically, the valuation for our U.S. ABS
 CDO super senior securities is based on cash flow analysis
 including cumulative loss assumptions. These assumptions are
 derived from multiple inputs including mortgage remittance
 reports, housing prices and other market data. Relevant ABX
 indices are also analyzed as part of the overall valuation
 process.

 Correlation

 We enter into a number of transactions where the performance is
 wholly or partly dependent on the relative performance of two or
 more assets. In these transactions, referred to as correlation
 trades, correlation between the assets can be a significant
 factor in the valuation. Examples of this type of transaction
 include: equity or foreign exchange baskets, constant maturity
 swap spreads (i.e., options where the performance is determined
 based upon the fluctuations between two benchmark interest
 rates), and commodity spread trades. Many correlations are
 available through external pricing services. Where external
 pricing information is not available, management uses estimates
 based on historical data, calibrated to more liquid market
 information. Unobservable credit correlation, such as that
 influencing the valuation of complex structured CDOs, is
 calibrated using a proxy approach (e.g., using implied
 correlation from traded credit index tranches as a proxy for
 calibrating correlation for a basket of single-name corporate
 investment grade credits that are infrequently traded).

 Volatility

 We hold derivative positions whose values are dependent on
 volatilities for which market observable values are not
 available. These volatilities correspond to options with
 long-dated expiration dates, strikes significantly in or out of
 the money, and/or in the case of interest rate underlyings, a
 large tenor (i.e., an underlying interest rate reference that
 itself is long-dated). We use model-based extrapolation, proxy
 techniques, or historical analysis, to derive the unobservable
 volatility. These methods are selected based on available market
 information and are used across all asset classes. Volatility
 estimation can have a significant impact on valuations.

 Prior to adoption of SFAS No. 157, we followed the
 provisions of
 EITF 02-3,

Issues Involved in Accounting for Derivative Contracts Held
 for Trading Purposes and Contracts Involved in Energy Trading
 and Risk Management Activities

(“EITF 02-3”).
 Under

EITF 02-3,
 recognition of day one gains and losses on derivative
 transactions was prohibited when model inputs that significantly
 impacted valuation were not observable. Day one gains and losses
 deferred at inception under

EITF 02-3
 were recognized at the earlier of when the valuation of such
 derivative became observable or at the termination of the
 contract. SFAS No. 157 nullifies this guidance in

EITF 02-3.
 Although this guidance in

EITF 02-3
 has been nullified, the recognition of significant inception
 gains and losses that incorporate unobservable inputs are
 reviewed by management to ensure such gains and losses are
 derived from observable inputs

and/or
 incorporate reasonable assumptions about the unobservable
 component, such as implied bid-offer adjustments.

 Valuation
 Adjustments

 Certain financial instruments recorded at fair value are
 initially measured using mid-market prices which results in
 gross long and short positions marked-to-market at the same
 pricing level prior to the application of position netting. The
 resulting net positions are then adjusted to fair value
 representing the exit price as defined in
 SFAS No. 157. The significant adjustments include
 liquidity and counterparty credit risk.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 28

Table of Contents

 Liquidity

 We make adjustments to bring a position from a mid-market to a
 bid or offer price, depending upon the net open position. We
 value net long positions at bid prices and net short positions
 at offer prices. These adjustments are based upon either
 observable or implied bid-offer prices.

 Counterparty
 Credit Risk

 In determining fair value, we consider both the credit risk of
 our counterparties, as well as our own creditworthiness. We
 attempt to mitigate credit risk to third parties by entering
 into netting and collateral arrangements. Net exposure is then
 measured with consideration of a counterparty’s
 creditworthiness and is incorporated into the fair value of the
 respective instruments. We generally base the calculation of the
 credit risk adjustment for derivatives upon observable market
 credit spreads.

 SFAS No. 157 also requires that we consider our own
 creditworthiness when determining the fair value of an
 instrument. The approach to measuring the impact of our credit
 risk on an instrument is done in the same manner as for third
 party credit risk. The impact of our credit risk is incorporated
 into the fair valuation, even when credit risk is not readily
 observable in the pricing of an instrument, such as in OTC
 derivatives contracts.

 In accordance with SFAS No. 157, we have categorized
 our financial instruments, based on the priority of the inputs
 to the valuation technique, into a three level fair value
 hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority
 to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
 liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to
 unobservable inputs (Level 3). If the inputs used to
 measure the financial instruments fall within different levels
 of the hierarchy, the categorization is based on the lowest
 level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of
 the instrument.

 Financial assets and liabilities recorded on the Consolidated
 Balance Sheets are categorized based on the inputs to the
 valuation techniques as follows:

 Level 1

 Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on
 unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in
 an active market that we have the ability to access (examples
 include active exchange-traded equity securities, exchange
 traded derivatives, most U.S. Government and agency
 securities, and certain other sovereign government obligations).

 Level 2

 Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on
 quoted prices in markets that are not active or model inputs
 that are observable either directly or indirectly for
 substantially the full term of the asset or liability.
 Level 2 inputs include the following:

 a) 

 Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
 markets (for example, restricted stock);

 b) 

 Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in
 non-active markets (examples include corporate and municipal
 bonds, which trade infrequently);

 c) 

 Pricing models whose inputs are observable for substantially the
 full term of the asset or liability (examples include most
 over-the-counter derivatives including interest rate and
 currency swaps); and

 d) 

 Pricing models whose inputs are derived principally from or
 corroborated by observable market data through correlation or
 other means for substantially the full term of the asset or
 liability (examples include certain residential and commercial
 mortgage related assets, including loans, securities and
 derivatives).

 Level 3

 Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on
 prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both
 unobservable and significant to the overall fair value
 measurement. These inputs reflect management’s own
 assumptions about the assumptions a market participant would use
 in pricing the asset or liability (examples include certain
 private equity investments, certain residential and commercial
 mortgage related assets (including loans, securities and
 derivatives), and long-dated or complex derivatives including
 certain equity derivatives and long-dated options on gas and
 power).

 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 additional information.

 Valuation
 controls

 Given the prevalence of fair value measurement in our financial
 statements, the control functions related to the fair valuation
 process are a critical component of our business operations.
 Prices and model inputs provided by our trading units are
 verified with external pricing sources to ensure that the use of
 observable market data is used whenever possible. Similarly,
 valuation models created by our trading units are independently
 verified and tested. These control functions are independent of
 the trading units and include Business Unit Finance, the Product
 Valuation Group and Global Risk Management.

 page 29

Table of Contents

    Litigation

 We have been named as a defendant in various legal actions,
 including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation
 arising in connection with our activities as a global
 diversified financial services institution. We are also involved
 in investigations
 and/or
 proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies. In
 accordance with SFAS No. 5, we will accrue a liability
 when it is probable that a liability has been incurred, and the
 amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In many lawsuits
 and arbitrations, including class action lawsuits, it is not
 possible to determine whether a liability has been incurred or
 to estimate the ultimate or minimum amount of that liability
 until the case is close to resolution, in which case no accrual
 is made until that time. In view of the inherent difficulty of
 predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly in cases in
 which claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages, we
 cannot predict or estimate what the eventual loss or range of
 loss related to such matters will be. See Note 11 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Other
 Information — Legal Proceedings for further
 information.

    Variable
 Interest Entities and Qualified Special Purpose Entities

 In the normal course of business, we enter into a variety of
 transactions with VIEs. The applicable accounting guidance
 requires us to perform a qualitative
 and/or
 quantitative analysis of each new VIE at inception to determine
 whether we must consolidate the VIE. In performing this
 analysis, we make assumptions regarding future performance of
 assets held by the VIE, taking into account estimates of credit
 risk, estimates of the fair value of assets, timing of cash
 flows, and other significant factors. Although a VIE’s
 actual results may differ from projected outcomes, a revised
 consolidation analysis is not required subsequent to the initial
 assessment unless a reconsideration event occurs. If a VIE meets
 the conditions to be considered a QSPE, it is typically not
 required to be consolidated by us. A QSPE is a passive entity
 whose activities must be significantly limited. A servicer of
 the assets held by a QSPE may have discretion in restructuring
 or working out assets held by the QSPE, as long as that
 discretion is significantly limited and the parameters of that
 discretion are fully described in the legal documents that
 established the QSPE. Determining whether the activities of a
 QSPE and its servicer meet these conditions requires management
 judgment.

    Income
 Taxes

 Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by
 us and various taxing authorities. We regularly assess the
 likelihood of assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions by
 making judgments and interpretations about the application of
 these complex tax laws and estimating the impact to our
 financial statements.

 We are under examination by the Internal Revenue Service
 (“IRS”) and other tax authorities in countries
 including Japan and the United Kingdom, and states in which we
 have significant business operations, such as New York. The tax
 years under examination vary by jurisdiction. The IRS audits are
 in progress for the tax years
 2004–2006.
 Japan tax authorities have recently commenced the audit for the
 fiscal tax years March 31, 2004 through March 31,
 2007. In the United Kingdom, the audit for the tax year 2005 is
 in progress. The Canadian tax authorities have commenced the
 audit of the tax years

2004–2005.
 New York State and New York City audits are in progress for the
 years

2002–2006.
 Also, we paid an assessment to Japan in 2005 for the fiscal tax
 years April 1, 1998 through March 31, 2003, in
 relation to the taxation of income that was originally reported
 in other jurisdictions. During the third quarter of 2005, we
 started the process of obtaining clarification from
 international tax authorities on the appropriate allocation of
 income among multiple jurisdictions to prevent double taxation.
 See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a
 description of tax years that remain subject to examination by
 major tax jurisdiction.

 We filed briefs with the U.S. Tax Court in 2005 with
 respect to a tax case, which had been remanded for further
 proceedings in accordance with a 2004 opinion of the
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The
 U.S. Court of Appeals affirmed the initial adverse opinion
 that the U.S. Tax Court rendered in 2003 against us, with
 respect to a 1987 transaction, but remanded the case to the
 U.S. Tax Court to consider a new argument raised. The
 amount in dispute has been fully paid, and no benefit has been
 recognized. The U.S. Tax Court has not issued a decision on
 this remanded matter, and it is uncertain as to when a decision
 will be rendered.

 At December 28, 2007, we had a United Kingdom net operating
 loss carryforward of approximately $13.5 billion. This loss
 has an unlimited carryforward period and a tax benefit has been
 recognized for the deferred tax asset with no valuation
 allowance.

 During 2007, we adopted FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation
 of FASB Statement No. 109 (“FIN 48”). We
 believe that the estimate of the level of unrecognized tax
 benefits is in accordance with FIN 48 and is appropriate in
 relation to the potential for additional assessments. We adjust
 the level of unrecognized tax benefits when there is more
 information available, or when an event occurs requiring a
 change. The reassessment of unrecognized tax benefits could have
 a material impact on our effective tax rate in the period in
 which it occurs.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 30

Table of Contents

   Business
 Environment(1)

 Global financial markets experienced significant stress during
 2007, primarily driven by challenging conditions in the credit
 markets during the second half of the year related to
 U.S. sub-prime residential mortgages and related assets
 (including CDOs collateralized by sub-prime residential
 mortgages), and the markets for loans and bonds related to
 leveraged finance transactions. For example, during the second
 half of the year ABX indices experienced significant widening,
 with the A and AAA classes moving substantially off
 par for the first time in 2007. This adverse market environment
 began to intensify in the beginning of the third quarter and was
 characterized by significant credit spread widening, prolonged
 illiquidity, reduced price transparency and increased
 volatility. As conditions in these markets deteriorated, other
 areas such as the asset-backed commercial paper market also
 experienced decreased liquidity, and the equity markets
 experienced short-term weakness and increased volatility. In
 response to these conditions, the Federal Reserve, the European
 Central Bank and other central banks injected significant
 liquidity into the markets during the second half of the year
 and the Federal Reserve System’s Federal Open Market
 Committee (“FOMC”) lowered benchmark interest rates by
 100 basis points to 4.25% at year-end. In addition, the
 FOMC reduced benchmark interest rates by 125 basis points in
 January 2008. Long-term interest rates, as measured by the
 10-year
 U.S. Treasury bond, ended the year at 4.03%, down from
 4.71% at the end of 2006. In the equity markets, major
 U.S. equity indices increased moderately during 2007 with
 the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the NASDAQ Composite Index and
 the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index up by
 6%, 10% and 4%, respectively. Oil prices hit a record high and
 the U.S. dollar hit a low against the euro during the year.
 Overall the global economy continued to grow during 2007, albeit
 slower than in 2006.

 Global fixed income trading volumes increased during the year in
 asset classes such as U.S. government and agency securities
 with average daily trading volumes up approximately 8% and 11%,
 respectively. Trading volumes across mortgage-backed securities
 also increased compared to 2006, up approximately 27% during the
 year despite the reduction in liquidity for certain instruments.

 Global equity indices generally ended the year with mixed
 results. In Europe, the Dow Jones STOXX 50 Index was flat
 from 2006 while the FTSE 100 Index increased 4%. Asian
 equity markets were mixed as Japan’s Nikkei 225 Stock
 Average fell 11% while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index surged
 37%. India’s Sensex Index rose 47%. In Latin America,
 Brazil’s Bovespa Index was up 44% from 2006.

 U.S. equity trading volumes increased during the year as
 both the dollar volume and number of shares traded on the New
 York Stock Exchange and on the Nasdaq increased compared to
 2006. Equity market volatility increased significantly for both
 the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq 100 during the year,
 as indicated by higher average levels for the Chicago Board
 Options Exchange SPX Volatility Index and the American Stock
 Exchange QQQ Volatility Index, respectively.

 Global debt and equity underwriting volumes for the full year of
 2007 were $7.0 trillion, down 5% from 2006 impacted by
 decreased volumes during the second half of the year which were
 down 27%. Global debt underwriting volumes for the full year of
 2007 were $5.9 trillion, down 11% from 2006 and were down
 39% during the second half of the year compared to the
 prior-year period. Global equity underwriting volumes of
 $1.1 trillion were up 50% compared to 2006.

 Merger and acquisition (“M&A”) activity increased
 during 2007 as the value of global announced deals was
 $4.9 trillion, up 24% from 2006. Global completed M&A
 activity was $4.6 trillion, up 28% from 2006.

 While our results may vary based on global economic and market
 trends, we believe that the outlook for growth in most of our
 global businesses, including Equity Markets, Investment Banking,
 Global Wealth Management and certain FICC businesses remains
 favorable due to positive underlying fundamentals, high market
 volumes, and the resiliency of these markets. This remains
 especially true for markets outside of the United States, such
 as the Pacific Rim. However, the challenging conditions in
 certain credit markets, such as the sub-prime mortgage market,
 have continued into early 2008. Since year-end, these markets
 have shown renewed signs of volatility and weakness as evidenced
 by recent rating agency downgrades of residential
 mortgage-backed securities and U.S. ABS CDOs, increased
 expectations of future rating agency actions, and increased
 default and delinquency rates.

 During 2007, FICC revenues were adversely affected by the
 substantial deterioration in the value of many of these
 exposures, particularly during the second half of 2007. At the
 end of 2007, we maintained exposures to these markets through
 securities, derivatives, loans and loan commitments. See
 U.S. ABS CDO and Other Mortgage-Related Activities
 on page 34 for further detail.

 The markets for these U.S. ABS CDO exposures remain
 extremely illiquid and as a result, valuation of these exposures
 is complex and involves a comprehensive process including the
 use of quantitative modeling and management judgment. Valuation
 of these exposures will also continue to be impacted by external
 market factors including default rates, rating agency actions,
 and the prices at which observable market transactions occur.
 Our ability to mitigate our risk by selling or hedging our
 exposures is also limited by the market environment. Our future
 results may continue to be materially impacted by these
 positions.

 (1) Debt and equity underwriting and merger and acquisition
 volumes were obtained from Dealogic.

 page 31

Table of Contents

   Results
 of Operations

 % CHANGE

 2007 VS.

 2006 VS.

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER
 SHARE AMOUNTS)

 2007

 2006

(1)

 2005

 2006

 2005

 Revenues

 Principal transactions

 $

 (12,067

 )

 $

 7,248

 $

 3,647

 N/M

 99

 %

 Commissions

 7,284

 5,985

 5,277

 22

 %

 13

 Investment banking

 5,582

 4,648

 3,777

 20

 23

 Managed accounts and other fee-based revenues

 5,465

 6,273

 5,701

 (13

 )

 10

 Earnings from equity method investments

 1,627

 556

 567

 193

 (2

 )

 Other

 (2,190

 )

 2,883

 1,848

 N/M

 56

 Subtotal

 5,701

 27,593

 20,817

 (79

 )

 33

 Interest and dividend revenues

 56,974

 39,790

 26,031

 43

 53

 Less interest expense

 51,425

 35,571

 21,571

 45

 65

 Net interest profit

 5,549

 4,219

 4,460

 32

 (5

 )

 Gain on merger

 –

 1,969

 –

 N/M

 N/M

 Revenues, net of interest expense

 11,250

 33,781

 25,277

 (67

 )

 34

 Non-interest expenses:

 Compensation and benefits

 15,903

 16,867

 12,314

 (6

 )

 37

 Communications and technology

 2,057

 1,838

 1,599

 12

 15

 Brokerage, clearing, and exchange fees

 1,415

 1,096

 855

 29

 28

 Occupancy and related depreciation

 1,139

 991

 931

 15

 6

 Professional fees

 1,027

 885

 729

 16

 21

 Advertising and market development

 785

 686

 593

 14

 16

 Office supplies and postage

 233

 225

 209

 4

 8

 Other

 1,522

 1,383

 1,286

 10

 8

 Total non-interest expenses

 24,081

 23,971

 18,516

 0

 29

 Pre-tax (loss)/earnings from continuing operations

 $

 (12,831

 )

 $

 9,810

 $

 6,761

 N/M

 45

 Income tax (benefit)/expense

 (4,194

 )

 2,713

 1,946

 N/M

 39

 Net (loss)/earnings from continuing operations

 $

 (8,637

 )

 $

 7,097

 $

 4,815

 N/M

 47

 Discontinued operations:

 Pre-tax earnings from discontinued operations

 $

 1,397

 $

 616

 $

 470

 127

 31

 Income tax expense

 537

 214

 169

 151

 27

 Net earnings from discontinued operations

 $

 860

 $

 402

 $

 301

 114

 34

 Net (loss)/earnings

 $

 (7,777

 )

 $

 7,499

 $

 5,116

 N/M

 47

 Basic (loss)/earnings per common share from continuing operations

 $

 (10.73

 )

 $

 7.96

 $

 5.32

 N/M

 50

 Basic earnings per common share from discontinued operations

 1.04

 0.46

 0.34

 126

 35

 Basic (loss)/earnings per common share

 $

 (9.69

 )

 $

 8.42

 $

 5.66

 N/M

 49

 Diluted (loss)/earnings per common share from continuing
 operations

 $

 (10.73

 )

 $

 7.17

 $

 4.85

 N/M

 48

 Diluted earnings per common share from discontinued operations

 1.04

 0.42

 0.31

 148

 35

 Diluted (loss)/earnings per common share

 $

 (9.69

 )

 $

 7.59

 $

 5.16

 N/M

 47

 Return on average common stockholders’ equity
 from continuing operations

 N/M

 20.1

 %

 15.0

 %

 N/M

 5.1 pts

 Return on average common stockholders’ equity

 N/M

 21.3

 %

 16.0

 %

 N/M

 5.3 pts

 Book value per common share

 $

 29.34

 $

 41.35

 $

 35.82

 (29

 )

 15

 N/M = Not Meaningful

 (1)

 2006 results include the one-time
 compensation expenses associated with the adoption of
 SFAS No. 123 as revised in 2004, Share-Based
 Payment, a revision of SFAS No. 123, 
Accounting
 for Stock-Based Compensation (“SFAS
 No. 123R”) and the positive net impact from the
 closing of the BlackRock merger. For more information on
 SFAS No. 123R or the BlackRock merger, refer to
 Notes 1 and 18, respectively, to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 32

Table of Contents

   Consolidated
 Results of Operations

 Our net loss from continuing operations was $8.6 billion
 for 2007 compared to net earnings from continuing operations of
 $7.1 billion in 2006 as net revenues in 2007 declined 67%
 from the prior year. The decrease in net revenues was primarily
 driven by our credit and structured finance and investment
 businesses which were impacted by deterioration in the credit
 markets, resulting in net losses on our U.S. ABS CDO and
 sub-prime residential mortgage positions and non-investment
 grade lending commitments. Losses per diluted share from
 continuing operations were $10.73 for 2007, compared to net
 earnings per diluted share of $7.17 in 2006. Net earnings from
 discontinued operations were $860 million up from
 $402 million in 2006, driven by a net gain of
 $316 million recognized on the sale of MLIG. Refer to
 Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 additional information on discontinued operations.

 2007 Compared to
 2006

 Principal transactions revenues include both realized and
 unrealized gains and losses on trading assets and trading
 liabilities and investment securities classified as trading
 investments. Principal transactions revenues were negative
 $12.1 billion compared to $7.2 billion a year-ago
 driven primarily by losses in our credit and structured finance
 and investment businesses, which includes our U.S. ABS CDO
 and residential mortgage-related businesses. Deterioration in
 the credit markets, prolonged illiquidity, reduced price
 transparency, increased volatility and a weaker
 U.S. housing market all contributed to the decline in these
 businesses and the difficult environment experienced,
 particularly in the third and fourth quarters of 2007. These
 decreases were partially offset by increases in revenues
 generated from our rates and currencies, equity-linked, cash
 equities trading and financing and services businesses as well
 as gains arising from the widening of Merrill Lynch credit
 spreads on certain of our long-term debt liabilities. Principal
 transactions revenues are primarily reported in our GMI business
 segment. Please refer to the FICC and Equity Markets discussions
 within the GMI business segment results for additional details
 on the key drivers.

 Net interest profit is a function of (i) the level and mix
 of total assets and liabilities, including trading assets owned,
 deposits, financing and lending transactions, and trading
 strategies associated with our businesses, and (ii) the
 prevailing level, term structure and volatility of interest
 rates. Net interest profit is an integral component of trading
 activity. In assessing the profitability of our client
 facilitation and trading activities, we view principal
 transactions and net interest profit in the aggregate as net
 trading revenues. Changes in the composition of trading
 inventories and hedge positions can cause the mix of principal
 transactions and net interest profit to fluctuate. Net interest
 profit was $5.5 billion, up 32% from 2006 due primarily to
 higher net interest revenue from deposit spreads earned and
 higher returns from interest-bearing assets reflecting higher
 average asset balances in 2007, partially offset by increased
 interest expense driven by increased average long and short-term
 borrowings in 2007. Net interest profit is reported in both our
 GMI and GWM business segments.

 Commissions revenues primarily arise from agency transactions in
 listed and OTC equity securities and commodities, insurance
 products and options. Commission revenues also include
 distribution fees for promoting and distributing mutual funds
 and hedge funds. Commission revenues were $7.3 billion, up
 22% from 2006, due primarily to an increase in global
 transaction volumes, particularly in listed equities and mutual
 funds as a result of increased market volatility. Commissions
 revenues are primarily reported in our GMI business segment, and
 a portion is also reported in GWM.

 Investment banking revenues include (i) origination
 revenues representing fees earned from the underwriting of debt,
 equity and equity-linked securities, as well as loan syndication
 and commitment fees and (ii) strategic advisory services
 revenues including merger and acquisition and other investment
 banking advisory fees. Investment banking revenues were
 $5.6 billion, up 20% from 2006, driven by increased
 revenues in equity origination and strategic advisory services,
 which were partially offset by a decline in revenues from debt
 origination primarily related to the leveraged finance business.
 Investment banking revenues are primarily reported in our GMI
 business segment but also include origination revenues in GWM.
 Please refer to the Investment Banking discussion within the GMI
 business segment results for additional detail on the key
 drivers.

 Managed accounts and other fee-based revenues primarily consist
 of asset-priced portfolio service fees earned from the
 administration of separately managed and other investment
 accounts for retail investors, annual account fees, and certain
 other account-related fees. In addition, until the BlackRock
 merger at the end of the third quarter of 2006, managed accounts
 and other fee-based revenues also included fees earned from the
 management and administration of retail mutual funds and
 institutional funds such as pension assets, and performance fees
 earned on certain separately managed accounts and institutional
 money management arrangements. Managed accounts and other
 fee-based revenues were $5.5 billion, down 13% from 2006,
 driven primarily by the absence of MLIM’s asset management
 revenues in 2007 as a result of the BlackRock merger at the end
 of the third quarter of 2006. This decrease was partially offset
 by higher asset-based fees in GWM reflecting the impact of net
 inflows into fee-based accounts and higher average equity market
 values. Managed accounts and other fee-based revenues are
 primarily driven by our GWM business segment. Please refer to
 the GWM business segment discussion for additional detail on the
 key drivers.

 Earnings from equity method investments include our pro rata
 share of income and losses associated with investments accounted
 for under the equity method of accounting. Earnings from equity
 method investments were $1.6 billion, up 193% from 2006
 primarily driven

 page 33

Table of Contents

 by increased earnings from our investments in BlackRock and
 certain partnerships. Refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further information on equity method
 investments.

 Other revenues include gains/(losses) on investment securities,
 including unrealized losses on certain available-for-sale
 securities, gains/(losses) on private equity investments that
 are held for capital appreciation
 and/or
 current income, and gains/(losses) on loans and other
 miscellaneous items. Other revenues were negative
 $2.2 billion, compared to $2.9 billion in 2006. The
 decrease primarily reflects loan-related losses of
 $1.7 billion, a year-over-year decrease in the value of our
 private equity investments of $1.2 billion, due primarily
 to the decline in value of our publicly traded investments,
 other than temporary impairment charges on available-for-sale
 securities of approximately $900 million and write-downs of
 approximately $600 million on leveraged finance commitments.

 The gain on the merger with BlackRock was $2.0 billion in
 2006. This non-recurring gain entirely related to the merger of
 Merrill Lynch’s MLIM business with BlackRock that was
 completed in the third quarter of 2006. For more information on
 this merger, refer to Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 Compensation and benefits expenses were $15.9 billion for
 2007, compared to $16.9 billion in 2006, which included a
 one-time charge of approximately $1.8 billion related to
 the adoption of SFAS No. 123R Share Based
 Payment (“SFAS No. 123R”). Excluding
 this one-time charge in 2006, compensation expenses were up
 approximately 6%, reflecting higher staffing levels and
 increased productivity from financial advisors, partially offset
 by the absence of compensation expenses related to MLIM in 2007.
 While compensation expenses increased, average compensation per
 employee was down in 2007 from 2006 levels. See
 Exhibit 99.1, filed with our 2007 10-K, for a
 reconciliation of non-GAAP measures.

 Non-compensation expenses were $8.2 billion in 2007, up 15%
 from 2006. Communication and technology costs were
 $2.1 billion, up 12% from 2006 primarily due to increased
 costs related to a significant number of system development
 projects. Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees were
 $1.4 billion, up 29% from 2006, primarily due to higher
 transaction volumes, higher equity brokerage fees and exchange
 fees. Occupancy costs and related depreciation were
 $1.1 billion, up 15% from a year-ago principally due to
 higher office rental expenses and office space added via
 acquisitions. Professional fees were $1.0 billion, up 16%
 from 2006 driven by higher legal and other professional costs.
 Advertising and market development costs were $785 million,
 up 14% from 2006 primarily due to increased costs associated
 with increased business activity and higher deal-related
 expenses. Other expenses were $1.5 billion, up 10% from a
 year ago due primarily to the write-off of $160 million of
 identifiable intangible assets related to our acquisition of the
 First Franklin mortgage origination franchise and related
 servicing platform acquired from National City Corporation
 (collectively “First Franklin”). For further
 information on First Franklin, refer to Note 16 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 U.S. ABS CDO and
 Other Mortgage-Related Activities

 The challenging market conditions that existed during the second
 half of 2007, particularly those relating to ABS CDOs and
 sub-prime residential mortgages, remained at year end. Despite
 the significant reduction of our net exposures to these markets
 during the third and fourth quarters, at year end we maintained
 exposures to these markets through securities, derivatives,
 loans and loan commitments. The following discussion details our
 activities and net exposures at the end of 2007.

 U.S. Sub-Prime
 Residential Mortgage-Related Activities

 We view sub-prime mortgages as single-family residential
 mortgages displaying more than one high risk characteristic,
 such as: (i) the borrower has a low FICO score (generally
 below 660); (ii) a high loan-to-value (“LTV”)
 ratio (LTV greater than 80% without borrower paid mortgage
 insurance); (iii) the borrower has a high debt-to-income
 ratio (greater than 45%); or (iv) stated/limited income
 documentation. Sub-prime mortgage-related securities are those
 securities that derive more than 50% of their value from
 sub-prime mortgages.

 As part of our U.S. sub-prime residential mortgage-related
 activities, sub-prime mortgage loans were originated through
 First Franklin or purchased in pools from third-party
 originators for subsequent sale or securitization.
 Mortgage-backed securities are structured based on the
 characteristics of the underlying mortgage collateral, sold to
 investors and subsequently traded in the secondary capital
 markets. As a result of the significant deterioration in the
 sub-prime mortgage market in 2007, we have substantially reduced
 our U.S. sub-prime residential mortgage origination,
 mortgage purchase, and securitization activities, as well as
 warehouse lending facilities. As of December 28, 2007 we
 have ceased originating sub-prime mortgages and are evaluating
 our continued involvement in this market.

 At December 28, 2007, our U.S. sub-prime residential
 mortgage net exposure (excluding Merrill Lynch’s bank
 sub-prime residential mortgage-related securities portfolio
 which is described in U.S. Banks Investment Securities
 Portfolio) consisted of the following:

 • 

 Sub-prime whole loans: First Franklin originated mortgage
 loans through its retail and wholesale channels. Additionally,
 we purchased pools of whole loans from third-party mortgage
 originators. As a result of the significant deterioration in the
 sub-prime mortgage market in 2007, we currently are not
 originating or purchasing sub-prime residential mortgages. Prior
 to their sale or securitization, whole loans are predominantly
 reported on our consolidated balance sheets in loans, notes and
 mortgages and we account for such loans as held for sale.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 34

Table of Contents

 We value securitizable whole loans on an “as-if”
 securitized basis based on estimated performance of the
 underlying mortgage pool collateral, rating agency credit
 structure assumptions and market pricing for similar
 securitizations. Key characteristics include underlying borrower
 credit quality and collateral performance, mortgage terms and
 conditions, assumptions on prepayments, delinquencies and
 defaults. Non-securitizable loans are valued using a combination
 of discounted liquidation value and re-performing value.

 • 

 Residuals: We retain and purchase mortgage residual
 interests, which represent the subordinated classes and
 equity/first-loss tranche from our residential mortgage-backed
 securitization activity. We have retained residuals from the
 securitizations of third-party whole loans we have purchased as
 well as from our First Franklin loan originations.

 We value residuals by modeling the present value of projected
 cash flows that we expect to receive, based on actual and
 projected performance of the mortgages underlying a particular
 securitization. Key determinants affecting our estimates of
 future cash flows include estimates for borrower prepayments,
 delinquencies, defaults and loss severities. Modeled performance
 and loan level loss projections are adjusted monthly to reflect
 actual borrower performance information that we receive from
 trustees and loan servicers.

 • 

 Residential mortgage-backed securities (“RMBS”):
 We retain and purchase securities from the securitizations
 of loans, including sub-prime residential mortgages. We value
 RMBS securities based on observable prices and securitization
 cash flow model analysis.

 • 

 Warehouse lending: Warehouse loans represent
 collateralized revolving loan facilities to originators of
 financial assets, such as sub-prime residential mortgages. These
 mortgages typically serve as collateral for the facility. We
 generally value these loans at amortized cost with an allowance
 for loan losses established for credit losses estimated to exist
 in the portfolio unless deemed to be permanently impaired. In
 the case of an impairment, the loan receivable value is adjusted
 to reflect the valuation of the whole loan collateral underlying
 the facility if the value is less than amortized cost.

 The following table provides a summary of our residential
 mortgage-related net exposures and losses, excluding net
 exposures to residential mortgage-backed securities held in our
 U.S. banks for investment purposes which is described in
 the U.S. Banks Investments Securities Portfolio
 section below.

 NET EXPOSURES

 NET LOSSES FOR THE

 AS OF

 YEAR ENDED

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 DEC. 28, 2007

 DEC. 28,
 2007

(1)

 Residential Mortgage-Related Net Exposures and Losses
 (excluding U.S. Banks Investment Securities Portfolio):

 U.S. Sub-prime:

 Warehouse lending

 $

 137

 $

 (31

 )

 Whole loans

 994

 (1,243

 )

 Residuals

 855

 (1,582

 )

 Residential mortgage-backed securities

 723

 (332

 )

 Total U.S. sub-prime

 $

 2,709

 $

 (3,188

 )

 U.S. Alt-A

 2,687

 (542

 )

 U.S. Prime

 28,189

 N/A

 Non-U.S.

 9,582

 (465

 )

 Mortgage servicing rights

 389

 N/A

 Total

 $

 43,556

 $

 (4,195

 )

 (N/A) Not applicable as these areas did not generate net
 losses for the year ended December 28, 2007.

 (1)

 Primarily represents unrealized
 losses on net exposures.

 During 2007, our U.S. sub-prime residential
 mortgage-related net exposures declined significantly as a
 result of unrealized losses incurred, securitizations, sales,
 hedges and changes in loan commitments and related funding.

 Other Residential
 Mortgage-Related Activities

 In addition to our U.S. sub-prime related net exposures, we
 also had net exposures related to other residential
 mortgage-related activities. These activities consist of the
 following:

 • 

 U.S. Alt-A: We had net exposures of
 $2.7 billion at the end of 2007, which consisted primarily
 of residential mortgage-backed securities collateralized by
 Alt-A residential mortgages. These net exposures resulted from
 secondary market trading activity or were retained from our
 securitizations of Alt-A residential mortgages, which were
 purchased from third-party mortgage originators. We do not
 originate

Alt-A
 mortgages.

 We view Alt-A mortgages as single-family residential mortgages
 that are generally higher credit quality than sub-prime loans
 but have characteristics that would disqualify the borrower from
 a traditional prime loan.
 Alt-A
 lending characteristics may include one

 page 35

Table of Contents

 or more of the following: (i) limited documentation;
 (ii) high combined-loan-to-value (‘‘CLTV”)
 ratio (CLTV greater than 80%); (iii) loans secured by
 non-owner occupied properties; or (iv) debt-to-income ratio
 above normal limits.

 • 

 U.S. Prime: We had net exposures of
 $28.2 billion at the end of 2007, which consisted primarily
 of prime mortgage whole loans, including approximately
 $12 billion of prime loans originated with GWM clients and
 $9.7 billion of prime loans originated by First Republic,
 an operating division of Merrill Lynch Bank & Trust Co.,
 FSB (“MLBT-FSB”). We also purchase prime whole loans
 from third-party originators for securitization and for the
 investment portfolios of Merrill Lynch Bank USA
 (“MLBUSA”) and MLBT-FSB.

 • 

 Non-U.S.:

We had net exposures of $9.6 billion at the end of 2007
 which consisted primarily of residential mortgage whole loans
 originated in the United Kingdom, as well as through mortgage
 originators in the Pacific Rim.

 • 

 Mortgage Servicing Rights: We own approximately
 $400 million of mortgage servicing rights which represent
 the right to current and future cash flows based on contractual
 servicing fees for mortgage loans. In connection with our
 residential mortgage businesses, we may retain or acquire
 mortgage servicing rights. See Note 6 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further information.

 U.S. ABS CDO
 Activities

 In addition to our U.S. sub-prime residential
 mortgage-related exposures, we have exposure to U.S. ABS
 CDOs, which are securities collateralized by a pool of
 asset-backed securities (“ABS”), for which the
 underlying collateral is primarily sub-prime residential
 mortgage loans.

 We engaged in the underwriting and sale of U.S. ABS CDOs,
 which involved the following steps: (i) determining
 investor interest or responding to inquiries or mandates
 received; (ii) engaging a CDO collateral manager who is
 responsible for selection of the ABS securities that will become
 the underlying collateral for the U.S. ABS CDO securities;
 (iii) obtaining credit ratings from one or more rating
 agencies for U.S. ABS CDO securities;
 (iv) securitizing and pricing the various tranches of the
 U.S. ABS CDO at representative market rates; and
 (v) distributing the U.S. ABS CDO securities to
 investors or retaining them for Merrill Lynch. As a result of
 the significant deterioration in the sub-prime mortgage market
 in 2007, we currently are not underwriting U.S. ABS CDOs.

 Our U.S. ABS CDO net exposure primarily consists of our
 super senior ABS CDO portfolio, as well as secondary trading
 exposures related to our ABS CDO business.

 U.S. Super
 Senior ABS CDO Portfolio

 Super senior positions represent our exposure to the senior most
 tranche in an ABS CDO’s capital structure. This
 tranche’s claims have priority to the proceeds from
 liquidated cash ABS CDO assets. Our exposure to super senior ABS
 CDOs includes the following securities, which are primarily held
 as derivative positions in the form of total return swaps:

 • 

 High-grade super senior positions, which are ABS CDOs with
 underlying collateral having an average credit rating of Aa3/A1
 at inception of the underwriting by Moody’s Investor
 Services;

 • 

 Mezzanine super senior positions, which are ABS CDOs with
 underlying collateral having an average credit rating of
 Baa2/Baa3 at inception of the underwriting by Moody’s
 Investor Services; and

 • 

 CDO-squared super senior positions, which are ABS CDOs with
 underlying collateral consisting of other ABS CDO securities
 which have collateral attributes typically similar to high-grade
 and mezzanine super senior positions.

 Despite the credit rating of these ABS CDO securities (typically
 AAA at inception of the underwriting), their fair value at
 December 28, 2007 reflected unprecedented market
 illiquidity and the deterioration in the value of the underlying
 sub-prime mortgage collateral. Additionally, rating agencies
 have been actively reviewing, and in some cases downgrading,
 these assets and we expect that they will continue to be subject
 to ongoing rating agency review in the near term.

 Secondary
 Trading Related to the ABS CDO Business

 We have secondary trading exposures related to our ABS CDO
 business, which consists of RMBS and CDO positions previously
 held in CDO warehouses awaiting securitization, retained
 securities from CDO securitizations, and related hedges.

 For total U.S. super senior ABS CDOs, long exposures were
 $30.4 billion and short exposures were $23.6 billion
 at December 28, 2007. Short exposures primarily consist of
 purchases of credit default swap protection from various third
 parties, including financial guarantors, insurers and other
 market participants.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 36

Table of Contents

 The following table provides a summary of our U.S. super
 senior ABS CDO net exposures and our secondary trading exposures
 related to our ABS CDO business as of December 28, 2007.
 Derivative exposures are represented by their notional amounts
 as opposed to fair value.

 NET EXPOSURES

 NET LOSSES FOR THE

 AS OF

 YEAR ENDED

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 DEC. 28,
 2007

(1)

 DEC. 28,
 2007

(2)

 U.S. ABS CDO net exposures and losses:

 U.S. super senior ABS CDO net exposures:

 High-grade

 $

 4,380

 $

 (7,362

 )

 Mezzanine

 2,184

 (6,066

 )

 CDO-squared

 271

 (1,163

 )

 Total super senior ABS CDO net exposures and losses

 6,835

 (14,591

 )

 Secondary trading

 (1,997

 )

 (2,104

 )

 Total U.S. ABS CDO-related net exposures and losses

 $

 4,838

 $

 (16,695

 )

 (1)

 Represents long and short exposure
 of hedges. These hedges are affected by a variety of factors
 that impact the degree of their effectiveness, including
 differences in attachment point, timing of cash flows, control
 rights, litigation, the creditworthiness of the counterparty,
 limited recourse to counterparties and other basis risks.

 (2)

 Primarily represents unrealized
 losses on net exposures. Amounts exclude credit valuation
 adjustments of negative $2.6 billion related to financial
 guarantor exposures on U.S. super senior ABS CDOs. See table
 regarding financial guarantor exposures.

 Financial
 Guarantors

 We hedge a portion of our gross exposures to U.S. super
 senior ABS CDOs with various market participants, including
 financial guarantors. Financial guarantors are generally highly
 rated monoline insurance companies that provide credit support
 for a security either through a financial guaranty insurance
 policy on a particular security or through an instrument such as
 a credit default swap (“CDS”). Under a CDS, the
 financial guarantor generally agrees to compensate the
 counterparty to the swap for the deterioration in the value of
 the underlying security upon an occurrence of a credit event,
 such as a failure by the underlying obligor on the security to
 pay principal or interest.

 We hedged a portion of our gross exposures on U.S. super
 senior ABS CDOs with certain financial guarantors through the
 execution of CDS that are structured to replicate standard
 financial guaranty insurance policies, which provide for timely
 payment of interest and ultimate payment of principal at their
 scheduled maturity date. CDS gains and losses are based on the
 fair value of the referenced ABS CDOs. Depending upon the
 creditworthiness of the financial guarantor hedge counterparty,
 we may record credit valuation adjustments in estimating the
 fair value of the CDS.

 At December 28, 2007 our short exposures from credit
 default swaps with financial guarantors to economically hedge
 certain U.S. super senior ABS CDOs was $13.8 billion, which
 represented credit default swaps with a notional amount of
 $19.9 billion that have been adjusted for mark-to-market
 gains of $6.1 billion. The fair value of these credit
 default swaps at December 28, 2007 was $3.5 billion,
 after taking into account a $2.6 billion credit valuation
 adjustment related to certain financial guarantors. Subsequent
 to year-end, market conditions have deteriorated resulting in
 negative rating agency actions for certain financial guarantors.
 We continue to monitor industry and company specific
 developments. Further credit deterioration of the financial
 guarantors who are counterparties to our credit derivatives
 could have an adverse effect on our future financial performance.

 The following table provides a summary of our total financial
 guarantor exposures for U.S. super senior ABS CDOs as of
 December 28, 2007.

 NOTIONAL

 OF CDS,

 NET OF GAINS

 MARK-TO-MARKET

 PRIOR TO CREDIT

 GAINS PRIOR TO

 CREDIT

 NOTIONAL

 VALUATION

 CREDIT VALUATION

 VALUATION

 MARK-TO-MARKET

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 OF
 CDS

(1)

 ADJUSTMENT

 ADJUSTMENTS

 ADJUSTMENTS

 VALUE OF CDS

Credit
Default Swaps with Financial
Guarantors(2)
:

By counterparty
credit
quality(3)
:

 AAA

 $

 (13,237

 )

 $

 (9,104

 )

 $

 4,133

 $

 (679

 )

 $

 3,454

 AA

 –

 –

 –

 –

 –

 A

 –

 –

 –

 –

 –

 BBB

 –

 –

 –

 –

 –

 Non-investment grade or unrated

 (6,664

 )

 (4,735

 )

 1,929

 (1,929

 )

 –

 Total

 $

 (19,901

 )

 $

 (13,839

 )

 $

 6,062

 $

 (2,608

 )

 $

 3,454

 (1)

 Represents gross notional amount of
 credit default swaps purchased as protection for U.S. super
 senior ABS CDOs. Amounts do not include counterparty exposure
 with financial guarantors for other asset classes.

 (2)

 Excludes the benefit of
 $2.0 billion (notional) of credit default swaps purchased
 from unrelated third parties as protection for exposure to
 financial guarantors, as well as the related positive
 mark-to-market adjustments.

 (3)

 Represents rating agency credit
 ratings as of December 28, 2007.

 page 37

Table of Contents

 U.S. Banks
 Investment Securities Portfolio

 The investment securities portfolio of MLBUSA and MLBT-FSB
 includes investment securities comprising various asset classes.
 The investment portfolio includes sub-prime mortgage-related
 securities, as well as ABS CDOs whose underlying collateral
 includes certain sub-prime residential mortgage-backed
 securities. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 for realized and unrealized gains and losses associated with
 Merrill Lynch’s investment securities.

 At December 28, 2007, our net exposures to sub-prime
 mortgage related securities and ABS CDOs whose underlying
 collateral includes sub-prime residential mortgage-backed
 securities in the U.S. banks investment portfolio was
 $4.2 billion. The amount of losses related to these
 securities recognized in our 2007 Consolidated Statement of
 (Loss)/Earnings was approximately $700 million.

 Other
 Exposures in the U.S. Banks Investment Securities
 Portfolio

 In addition to the U.S. sub-prime residential
 mortgage-related securities, our U.S. banks investment
 securities portfolio also includes other securities at
 December 28, 2007 consisting of
 Alt-A
 residential mortgage-backed securities (net exposure
 $7.1 billion), commercial mortgage-backed securities (net
 exposure $5.8 billion), prime residential mortgage-backed
 securities (net exposure $4.2 billion), non-residential
 asset-backed securities (net exposure $1.2 billion) and
 non-residential CDOs (net exposure $0.9 billion). These
 securities are included as part of our overall
 available-for-sale investment portfolio and recorded in mortgage
 and asset-backed securities.

 MLBUSA acts as administrator to a Merrill Lynch established
 asset-backed commercial paper conduit (“Conduit”)
 vehicle and previously acted as administrator for another
 Merrill Lynch established Conduit. MLBUSA also either provides
 or provided liquidity facilities to these Conduits and to a
 third Conduit, not established by Merrill Lynch, that protect
 commercial paper holders against short term changes in the fair
 value of the assets held by the Conduits in the event of a
 disruption in the commercial paper market, as well as credit
 facilities to the Conduits that protect commercial paper
 investors against credit losses for up to a certain percentage
 of the portfolio of assets held by the respective Conduits. The
 assets owned by these Conduits included sub-prime residential
 mortgage-backed securities and ABS CDO securities whose
 underlying collateral included certain sub-prime residential
 mortgage-backed securities. During the fourth quarter of 2007,
 Merrill Lynch purchased the remaining assets of one of the
 Merrill Lynch established Conduits through the exercise of its
 liquidity facility and as a result the facility is no longer
 outstanding. Merrill Lynch does not have any remaining exposure
 to this Conduit as it is inactive. The assets remaining in the
 other Merrill Lynch established Conduit are primarily auto and
 equipment loans and lease receivables. In the fourth quarter of
 2007, Merrill Lynch became the primary beneficiary for the
 remaining Conduit, which was not established by Merrill Lynch,
 as a result of a reconsideration event under FIN 46R. This
 Conduit was consolidated by Merrill Lynch and the facility is
 not considered outstanding. Refer to Notes 6 and 11 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on
 Conduits.

 2006 Compared to
 2005

 Net revenues in 2006 were $33.8 billion, 34% higher than in
 2005. Principal transactions revenues in 2006 increased 99%, to
 $7.2 billion, due primarily to increased revenues from
 trading of fixed income, currency, commodity and equity products
 with the strongest increases coming from credit products,
 commodities and proprietary trading. Net interest profit in 2006
 was $4.2 billion, down 5% due primarily to the impact of
 rising rates on municipal and equity derivatives and increased
 interest expense from higher long-term borrowings and funding
 charges, partially offset by higher short- term interest rates
 on deposit spreads earned. Managed accounts and other fee-based
 revenues in 2006 were $6.3 billion, up 10%, reflecting the
 impact of net inflows into annuitized-revenue products as well
 as higher equity market values, partially offset by lower
 revenues from MLIM resulting from the BlackRock merger.
 Commission revenues in 2006 were $6.0 billion, up 13% due
 primarily to a global increase in client transaction volumes,
 particularly in listed equities and mutual funds. Investment
 banking revenues of $4.6 billion in 2006 increased 23% from
 2005 reflecting increases in both debt and equity origination
 revenues as well as increased strategic advisory revenues. Other
 revenues were $2.9 billion, up from $1.8 billion due
 primarily to higher revenues from our private equity investments.

 Compensation and benefits expenses were $16.9 billion in
 2006, up 37% from 2005, reflecting higher incentive compensation
 associated with increased net revenues, as well as higher
 staffing levels. Our 2006 compensation and benefit expenses also
 reflect the non-cash compensation expenses incurred in 2006 of
 $1.8 billion related to the adoption of
 SFAS No. 123R. Compensation and benefits expenses were
 49.9% of net revenues for 2006, as compared to 48.7% in 2005.
 Excluding the one-time impacts related to the adoption of
 SFAS No. 123R and the BlackRock merger, compensation
 and benefits were 47.0% of net revenues for 2006. See
 Exhibit 99.1, filed with our 2007
 10-K, for a
 reconciliation of non-GAAP measures.

 Non-compensation expenses were $7.1 billion in 2006, up 15%
 from 2005. Communications and technology costs were
 $1.8 billion, up 15% from 2005, due primarily to costs
 related to technology investments for growth, including
 acquisitions, and higher market information and communications
 costs. Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees were
 $1.1 billion, up 28% from 2005, mainly due to increased
 transaction volumes. Professional fees were $885 million,
 up 21% from 2005, reflecting higher legal and consulting fees
 primarily associated with increased business activity levels.
 Advertising and market development expenses were
 $686 million, up 16%

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 38

Table of Contents

 from 2005, due primarily to higher travel expenses associated
 with increased business activity levels and increased sales
 promotion and advertising costs.

 Income
 Taxes

 Income taxes from continuing operations for 2007 were a net
 credit of $4.2 billion, reflecting a tax benefit associated
 with the Company’s pre-tax losses. Our 2007 effective tax
 rate from continuing operations was 32.7%, compared with an
 effective rate of 27.7% in 2006. The change in the effective tax
 rate reflected a tax benefit from carry-back claims that reduced
 the 2006 tax rate and the mix of business. Our 2006 effective
 tax rate of 27.7% compared with 28.8% in 2005 and reflected a
 $296 million reduction in the tax provision arising from
 carry-back claims covering the years 2001 and 2002. Our 2005 tax
 provision of $1.9 billion reflected the net impact of the
 business mix, tax settlements, and $97 million of tax
 associated with the repatriation of $1.8 billion of foreign
 earnings.

    Business
 Segments

 Our operations are currently organized into two business
 segments: GMI and GWM. GMI provides full service global markets
 and origination products and services to corporate,
 institutional, and government clients around the world. GWM
 creates and distributes investment products and services for
 individuals, small- and mid-size businesses, and employee
 benefit plans. For information on the principal methodologies
 used in preparing the segment results, refer to Note 2 of
 the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 The following segment results represent the information that is
 relied upon by management in its decision-making processes.
 These results exclude corporate items. Prior year business
 segment results are restated to reflect reallocations of
 revenues and expenses that result from changes in our business
 strategy and organizational structure. Revenues and expenses
 associated with inter-segment activities are recognized in each
 segment. In addition, revenue and expense sharing agreements for
 joint activities between segments are in place, and the results
 of each segment reflect their
 agreed-upon
 apportionment of revenues and expenses associated with these
 activities. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further information. Segment results are
 presented from continuing operations and exclude results from
 discontinued operations. Refer to Note 17 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
 discontinued operations.

 Results for the year ended December 29, 2006 include
 one-time compensation expenses, as follows: $1.4 billion in
 GMI, $281 million in GWM and $109 million in MLIM;
 refer to Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 for further information on one-time compensation expenses.

 Global Markets
 and Investment Banking

 GMI provides trading, capital markets services, and investment
 banking services to issuer and investor clients around the
 world. The Global Markets division consists of the fixed income,
 currencies, commodities, and equity sales and trading activities
 for investor clients and on a proprietary basis, while the
 Investment Banking division provides a wide range of origination
 and strategic advisory services for issuer clients. Global
 Markets makes a market in securities, derivatives, currencies,
 and other financial instruments to satisfy client demands. In
 addition, Global Markets engages in certain proprietary trading
 activities. Global Markets is a leader in the global
 distribution of fixed income, currency and energy commodity
 products and derivatives. Global Markets also has one of the
 largest equity trading operations in the world and is a leader
 in the origination and distribution of equity and equity-related
 products. Further, Global Markets provides clients with
 financing, securities clearing, settlement, and custody services
 and also engages in principal investing in a variety of asset
 classes and private equity investing. The Investment Banking
 division raises capital for its clients through underwritings
 and private placements of equity, debt and related securities,
 and loan syndications. Investment Banking also offers advisory
 services to clients on strategic issues, valuation, mergers,
 acquisitions and restructurings.

 Global
 Markets

 Global Markets revenues are reported in two major categories
 based on asset class: FICC and Equity Markets. These categories
 include the following businesses:

 Fixed Income,
 Currencies and Commodities (FICC)

 • 

 Global Commercial Real Estate — responsible for
 secured commercial real estate lending, securitizations related
 to these transactions, as well as principal and equity
 investments in real estate;

 • 

 Global Commodities — responsible for marketing,
 trading, storage, transportation and all associated activities
 with respect to physical and financially-settled commodities,
 including natural gas and natural gas liquids, power, crude oil
 and petroleum products, coal, metals, emissions, soft
 commodities and weather and commodity indices on a global basis,
 as well as energy and weather risk management;

 • 

 Global Credit — responsible for sales and
 trading activities for money market instruments, investment
 grade debt, credit derivatives, structured credit products,
 syndicated loans, high-yield debt, distressed and emerging
 markets debt, as well as collateralized mortgage obligations,
 asset-backed securities, and pass-through mortgage obligations;

 • 

 Global Currencies — responsible for sales and
 trading activities for currency, exotic options, forwards and
 local currency trading;

 page 39

Table of Contents

 • 

 Municipals — responsible for origination, sales
 and trading of U.S. municipal securities;

 • 

 Global Rates — responsible for sales and
 trading activities for interest rate derivatives,
 U.S. government and other federal agency securities,
 obligations of other sovereigns, repurchase and resale financing
 and debt financial futures and options;

 • 

 Global Structured Finance &
 Investments — responsible for asset-based lending,
 residential real estate lending, servicing and securitizations
 related to these transactions, asset-liability management for
 the investment securities portfolios of our bank subsidiaries,
 as well as principal and equity investments in other secured
 assets; and

 • 

 Other FICC — includes gains and losses from
 other FICC related investments and activities not directly
 attributable to the businesses above and corporate allocations,
 including the impact associated with the widening of our credit
 spreads on the carrying value of certain long-term liabilities.

 Equity
 Markets

 • 

 Global Cash Equity Trading — responsible for
 our full-service cash equity trading and portfolio and
 electronic trading capabilities;

 • 

 Global Equity-Linked Products — responsible for
 sales and trading activities in equity-linked derivatives
 including exchange-traded and OTC options, convertible
 securities, financial futures and structured products;

 • 

 Global Markets Financing and Services —
 responsible for equity financing and services, including prime
 brokerage, stock lending, money manager services and clearing,
 settlement and custody functions;

 • 

 Global Private Equity — executes private equity
 investments and manages these assets primarily for our own
 account and for that of certain investment partnerships,
 including employee partnerships;

 • 

 Strategic Risk Group — responsible for
 proprietary risk trading that encompasses both qualitative and
 quantitative strategies across multiple asset classes; and

 • 

 Other Equity Markets — includes gains and
 losses from other Equity Markets related investments and
 activities not directly attributable to the businesses above and
 corporate allocations, including the impact associated with the
 widening of our credit spreads on the carrying value of certain
 long-term liabilities.

 Investment
 Banking

 Investment Banking includes the following groups:

 • 

 Corporate Finance — responsible for structured
 product capabilities, financial product development and
 commodities origination;

 • 

 Country/Sector Coverage — responsible for all
 origination and advisory activities across countries and sectors
 on behalf of issuer clients;

 • 

 Debt Capital Markets — responsible for all
 capital related activities for issuer clients generated in the
 high-grade debt markets including derivative products, liability
 management, private placements, money markets, and structured
 transactions;

 • 

 Equity Capital Markets — responsible for all
 capital related activities for issuer clients generated in the
 equity markets, including convertible securities and equity
 derivative products;

 • 

 Executive Client Coverage — senior client
 relationship managers who focus exclusively on strengthening
 relationships and maximizing opportunities with key clients;

 • 

 Leveraged Finance — responsible for all
 financing activities for non-investment grade issuer clients,
 including high-yield bonds and syndicated loans; and

 • 

 Mergers and Acquisitions — responsible for
 advising clients regarding strategic alternatives, divestitures,
 mergers, acquisition and restructuring activities.

 GMI’s 2007
 Developments

 During 2007, GMI recorded negative net revenues and a pre-tax
 loss, as record net revenues from Equity Markets and Investment
 Banking were more than offset by net losses in FICC. The FICC
 business was adversely impacted by a challenging market
 environment, particularly in the second half of the year. The
 combination of the deterioration in the credit markets, a
 decline in liquidity, reduced price transparency, increased
 volatility, and a weak U.S. housing market had a materially
 negative impact on our global credit and global structured
 finance and investments businesses within FICC.

 In FICC, many of our businesses away from U.S. ABS CDO and
 U.S. sub-prime continued to perform well. Our global rates
 and global currencies businesses both had record years, as we
 continued to strengthen these businesses with incremental
 headcount and infrastructure. Additionally, we continued to
 broaden the scope of the global commodities business in terms of
 product, geography, and linkage to the broader client franchise,
 including trading in oil and metals and geographically in the
 Pacific Rim.

 On December 24, 2007, we announced that we had reached an
 agreement to sell most of Merrill Lynch Capital, a wholly owned
 middle market commercial financing business within FICC to GE
 Capital. This transaction reflects our continued strategic focus
 on divesting non-core assets and optimizing capital allocation
 across businesses. The sale was completed on February 4,
 2008.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 40

Table of Contents

 In Equity Markets, we continued to enhance our leading cash
 equity trading platform by adding to our portfolio and
 electronic trading capabilities through additional investments
 in personnel and technology. We also made progress in our global
 equity-linked trading business, another key area of investment
 by expanding our product groups in Europe and the Pacific Rim.
 Our global markets financing and services business, which
 includes prime brokerage, continued to expand its products to
 include additional synthetic offerings. The strategic risk
 group, our distinct proprietary trading business, also continued
 investments in personnel and infrastructure that provided the
 capabilities to take risk when market opportunities arose. We
 also continued to make significant new investments in our global
 private equity business, expand globally and leverage our global
 investment banking coverage. Overall, our equity business
 continued to strengthen its linkages with our GWM business.

 In Investment Banking, we continued to expand our origination
 and advisory capabilities, adding to our global headcount in a
 targeted manner to improve the breadth and depth of our client
 franchise. During 2007, we focused on strengthening our
 footprint in emerging markets. In addition to traditional
 underwriting and advisory services, we also increasingly
 provided clients with integrated, multi-faceted solutions that
 span geographies, asset classes and products such as private
 equity, derivatives and commodities. We made significant
 progress increasing linkages with our GWM business.

 GMI’s
 Results of Operations

 % CHANGE

 2007 VS.

 2006 VS.

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

 2005

 2006

 2005

 Global Markets

 FICC

 $

 (15,873

 )

 $

 7,552

 $

 5,798

 N/M

 30

 %

 Equity Markets

 8,286

 6,730

 4,356

 23

 %

 54

 Total Global Markets revenues, net of interest expense

 (7,587

 )

 14,282

 10,154

 N/M

 41

 Investment Banking

 Origination:

 Debt

 1,550

 1,704

 1,424

 (9

 )

 20

 Equity

 1,629

 1,220

 952

 34

 28

 Strategic Advisory Services

 1,740

 1,099

 882

 58

 25

 Total Investment Banking revenues, net of interest expense

 4,919

 4,023

 3,258

 22

 23

 Total GMI revenues, net of interest expense

 (2,668

 )

 18,305

 13,412

 N/M

 36

 Non-interest expenses before one-time
 compensation expenses

 13,677

 11,644

 8,744

 17

 33

 One-time compensation expenses

 –

 1,369

 –

 N/M

 N/M

 Pre-tax (loss)/earnings from continuing operations

 $

 (16,345

 )

 $

 5,292

 $

 4,668

 N/M

 13

 Pre-tax profit margin

 N/M

 28.9

 %

 34.8

 %

 Total full-time employees

 12,300

 9,500

 7,700

 N/M = Not Meaningful

 GMI’s 2007 net revenues were negative
 $2.7 billion, down significantly from the record net
 revenues recorded in 2006. Pre-tax loss from continuing
 operations was $16.3 billion, compared to record earnings
 from continuing operations of $5.3 billion in the
 prior-year period. The 2007 loss was primarily driven by net
 write-downs of $20.6 billion related to U.S. ABS CDOs and
 sub-prime mortgages and securities, and $2.6 billion
 related to increased credit valuation adjustments against
 financial guarantor counterparties related to U.S. ABS
 CDOs. GMI’s 2007 net revenues also included a gain of
 approximately $1.9 billion due to the impact of the
 widening of Merrill Lynch’s credit spreads on the carrying
 value of certain of our long-term liabilities.

 GMI’s 2006 net revenues were $18.3 billion, up
 36% from the prior year. Pre-tax earnings of $5.3 billion
 and pre-tax profit margin of 28.9% included $1.4 billion in
 one-time compensation expenses incurred in the first quarter of
 2006. Excluding these one-time compensation expenses, pre-tax
 earnings for 2006 were $6.7 billion, up 43% from the prior
 year, and the pre-tax profit margin was 36.4%, compared to 34.8%
 in 2005. Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further detail on the one-time compensation
 expenses. See Exhibit 99.1, filed with our 2007
 Form 10-K,
 for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures. GMI’s growth in
 net revenues and pre-tax earnings in 2006 were a result of
 increased revenues in FICC, Equity Markets and Investment
 Banking.

 Fixed Income,
 Currencies and Commodities (FICC)

 FICC net revenues include principal transactions and net
 interest profit (which we believe should be viewed in aggregate
 to assess trading results), commissions, revenues from principal
 investments, and other revenues.

 page 41

Table of Contents

 For 2007, FICC net revenues were negative $15.9 billion as
 strong revenues in global rates and global currencies were more
 than offset by declines in global credit and global structured
 finance and investments businesses, as discussed below.
 FICC’s 2007 net revenues include a net benefit of
 approximately $1.2 billion related to changes in our credit
 spreads on the carrying value of certain of our long-term
 liabilities.

 During 2007, FICC was adversely impacted by the deterioration in
 the credit markets evidenced by lower levels of liquidity,
 reduced price transparency, increased volatility and a weaker
 U.S. housing market. The combination of these market
 conditions resulted in approximately $20.6 billion of net
 write-downs in 2007 related to our U.S. ABS CDOs, as well
 as our U.S. sub-prime residential mortgage-related assets
 including whole loans, warehouse lending, residual positions,
 residential mortgage-backed securities and sub-prime related
 securities held in our U.S. banks investment securities
 portfolio. FICC net revenues also included credit valuation
 adjustments related to our hedges with financial guarantors of
 negative $3.1 billion including negative $2.6 billion
 related to U.S. super senior ABS CDOs. These amounts
 reflect the write-down of our current exposure to a
 non-investment grade counterparty from which we had purchased
 hedges covering a range of asset classes including
 U.S. super senior ABS CDOs.

 To a lesser extent, FICC net revenues were also impacted by
 write-downs related to our corporate and financial sponsor,
 non-investment grade lending commitments and write-downs related
 to commercial real estate exposures.

 Partially offsetting these losses were strong performances in
 our global rates and global currencies businesses, which were up
 77% and 36%, respectively, compared to the prior year. Our rates
 business benefited from strong client flow in interest rate
 swaps and options and was well positioned to take advantage of
 increases in both market and interest rate volatility. We also
 generated strong results from both the flow derivative and
 short-term interest rate trading businesses. Our global
 currencies business performed well in all regions, where we were
 well positioned to take advantage of favorable market
 conditions, increased volatility and increased client flow. Our
 global commodities business results were down 26% from the prior
 year due to limited trading opportunities in commodity markets.

 In 2006, FICC net revenues of $7.6 billion increased 30%
 from 2005, as net revenues increased for all major products. The
 increases in net revenues were primarily driven by record
 year-over-year results in global commodities, global credit,
 global currencies, and global commercial real estate.

 Equity
 Markets

 Equity Markets net revenues include commissions, principal
 transaction revenues and net interest profit (which we believe
 should be viewed in aggregate to assess trading results),
 revenues from equity method investments, changes in fair value
 on private equity investments, and other revenues.

 For 2007, Equity Markets net revenues were a record
 $8.3 billion, up 23% from the prior year period, driven by
 our equity-linked business which was up nearly 80%, global cash
 equity trading business which was up over 30% and global markets
 financing and services business, which includes prime brokerage,
 which was up over 45%. Results in our global cash equity trading
 business were driven by volume growth in our electronic trading
 business, which increased 90% over 2006. Equity prime broker
 balances increased over 50% from 2006. Our equity-linked
 business increased over 2006 due to client related activities in
 structured products and index options. These increases in Equity
 Markets net revenues for the year more than offset a
 year-over-year decline in net revenues from our global private
 equity business of $1.2 billion, driven primarily by the
 decline in the value of our publicly traded investments. Equity
 Markets 2007 net revenues include a gain of approximately
 $700 million related to changes in the carrying value of
 certain of our long-term liabilities.

 Equity Markets net revenues in 2006 of $6.7 billion
 increased 54% from 2005 with positive results across every major
 line of business. The increase in revenues was primarily driven
 by global private equity, the strategic risk group, global
 equity-linked trading and the global markets equity financing
 and services business, which includes prime brokerage.

 Investment
 Banking

 For 2007, Investment Banking net revenues were a record
 $4.9 billion, up 22% from the prior-year period. The
 increases in strategic advisory services and equity origination,
 more than offset a decline in debt origination revenues.

 Origination

 Origination revenues represent fees earned from the underwriting
 of debt, equity and equity-linked securities as well as loan
 syndication fees.

 For 2007, origination revenues were $3.2 billion, up 9%
 from 2006. Equity origination revenues were up 34% compared with
 2006, while debt origination revenues were down 9%. The increase
 in revenues for equity origination compared to the prior-year
 period was primarily related to an increase in deal volume for
 the first half of 2007, partially offset by the industry-wide
 slowdown in activity during the second half of 2007. Debt
 origination experienced similar trends with deal volume
 increasing for the first half of 2007, while the industry-wide
 slowdown in activity during the second half of 2007 more than
 offset the increases in the first half of the year.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 42

Table of Contents

 In 2007 we purchased approximately $3 billion of perpetual
 convertible preferred shares issued by a key client, in a
 non-strategic capital markets transaction that enabled the
 client to raise funds to retire a previously issued series of
 preferred stock. We intend to hold this investment for a
 substantial period of time and to utilize appropriate risk
 management techniques to limit the impact of the change in value
 of the securities on our financial position and results of
 operations. The revenues associated with this transaction have
 been included in GMI’s equity origination and equity
 markets businesses and recorded in principal transactions in the
 accompanying Consolidated Statement of (Loss)/Earnings for the
 year ended December 28, 2007.

 Origination revenues in 2006 were $2.9 billion, up 23% from
 2005, driven by increased overall origination activity and our
 improved market share during 2006. Debt origination revenues set
 a new record at $1.7 billion, increasing 20% from 2005.

 Strategic
 Advisory Services

 The firm’s 2007 strategic advisory services revenues, which
 include merger and acquisition and other advisory fees,
 increased 58% from the year-ago period, to $1.7 billion, on
 increased overall deal volume as well as an increase in our
 share of completed merger and acquisition volume. Revenues for
 the year included our role as sole advisor to the consortium
 including The Royal Bank of Scotland, Fortis and Banco Santander
 on their acquisition of ABN AMRO.

 Strategic advisory services revenues were $1.1 billion in
 2006, up 25% from 2005 on increased transaction volumes.

 For additional information on GMI’s segment results, refer
 to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Global Wealth
 Management

 GWM, our full-service retail wealth management segment, provides
 brokerage, investment advisory and financial planning services,
 offering a broad range of both proprietary and third-party
 wealth management products and services globally to individuals,
 small- to mid-size businesses, and employee benefit plans. GWM
 is comprised of GPC and GIM.

 GPC provides a full range of wealth management products and
 services to assist clients in managing all aspects of their
 financial profile through the Total Merrill| platform. Total
 Merrill| is the platform for GPC’s core strategy offering
 investment choices, brokerage, advice, planning
 and/or
 performance analysis to its clients. GPC’s offerings
 include commission and fee-based investment accounts; banking,
 cash management, and credit services, including consumer and
 small business lending and Visa® cards; trust and
 generational planning; retirement services; and insurance
 products. GPC services individuals and small- and middle-market
 corporations and institutions through approximately 16,740 FAs
 and 200 First Republic relationship managers in 735 offices
 around the world as of December 28, 2007.

 GIM includes our interests in creating and managing wealth
 management products, including alternative investment products
 for clients. GIM also includes our share of net earnings from
 our ownership positions in other investment management
 companies, including BlackRock.

 Global Private
 Client

 Investment
 Brokerage and Advisory Services

 We provide comprehensive brokerage and advisory financial
 services in the United States to GPC clients principally through
 our FA network. Outside the United States, we provide
 comprehensive brokerage and investment services and related
 products through a network of offices located in 35 countries.
 We also offer banking and trust services, as well as investment
 management services, to our clients in many countries.

 To be more responsive to our clients’ needs and to enhance
 the quality of our clients’ experience, GPC offers a
 multi-channel service model that more closely aligns our FAs
 with clients based on levels of investable assets. The FAs focus
 primarily on clients with more than $100,000, but less than
 $10 million of investable assets. Private Wealth Advisors
 who have completed a rigorous accreditation program focus
 primarily on clients with more than $10 million of
 investable assets. GPC’s Financial Advisory Center, a
 team-based service platform with client access by telephone and
 internet, is focused primarily on U.S. clients with less
 than $100,000 of investable assets. GPC also uses International
 Financial Advisory Centers to more effectively serve
 non-U.S. clients
 with lower levels of investable assets.

 To help align products and services to each client’s
 specific investment requirements and goals, GPC offers a choice
 of traditional commission-based investment accounts, a variety
 of asset-priced investment advisory services and self-directed
 online accounts. Assets in GPC accounts totaled $1.75 trillion
 at December 28, 2007, an 8% increase from December 29,
 2006, due primarily to net new money and market appreciation.

 Individual clients access the full range of GPC brokerage and
 advisory services through the Cash Management Account®
 (“CMA®”), a product that combines investment and
 cash management transactions, as well as Visa® cards, check
 writing and ATM access. At the end of 2007, there were
 approximately 2.3 million CMA® accounts with aggregate
 assets of approximately $809 billion. Small- and medium-

 page 43

Table of Contents

 sized businesses obtain a wide range of securities account and
 cash management services through the Working Capital Management
 Account® (“WCMA account”) and related services.
 The WCMA account combines business checking, investment and
 electronic funds transfer services into one account for
 participating business clients. At the end of 2007, there were
 approximately 115,400 WCMA accounts with aggregate assets of
 more than $126 billion.

 GPC provides electronic brokerage services through Merrill Lynch
 Direct®, an internet-based brokerage service for
 U.S. clients preferring a self-directed approach to
 investing. Merrill Lynch Direct® offers trading of
 equities, mutual funds and select fixed income securities,
 access to our proprietary research as well as other research,
 and a variety of online investing tools.

 Banking, Trust
 and Insurance Services

 GPC clients place deposits in our banking entities which are
 used for lending and investment activities. GPC also has a
 number of different business lines including residential
 mortgage financing, small and mid-size business lending and
 securities-based lending. GPC also sells life insurance and
 annuity products and provides personal trust, employee benefit
 trust and custodial services for its clients. These activities
 are conducted through our various bank, life insurance agency
 and trust subsidiaries and are more fully described in the
 Activities of Principal Subsidiaries section.

 Retirement
 Services

 The Merrill Lynch Retirement Group is responsible for
 approximately $442 billion in retirement assets for
 approximately 6.5 million individuals. This group provides
 a wide variety of investment and custodial services to
 individuals in the United States through Individual Retirement
 Accounts (“IRAs”) or through one of approximately
 39,000 workplace-based retirement programs serviced by the
 group. We also provide investment, administration,
 communications and consulting services to corporations and their
 employees for their retirement programs. These programs include
 equity award and executive services, 401(k), pension,
 profit-sharing and non-qualified deferred compensation plans, as
 well as other retirement benefit plans. In addition, we offer
 Merrill Lynch Advice Access®, an investment advisory
 service for individuals in retirement plans that provides plan
 participants with the option of obtaining advice through their
 local FA, an advisor at the Financial Advisory Center or through
 our Benefits Online® website.

 Global Investment
 Management

 GIM creates and manages various investment products for clients.
 GIM’s results include revenues derived from those
 activities, as well as our share of earnings from our ownership
 positions in other investment management companies, including
 our investment in BlackRock.

 Alternative
 Investments

 Through its alternative investments business, GIM creates and
 manages a broad array of alternative investment choices for
 clients. Unlike traditional investments such as mutual funds,
 whose performance is largely dependent on the direction of the
 broader market, many alternative investment strategies seek
 positive returns in any market or economic environment. Our
 alternative investments business offers a range of investment
 choices, including offering qualified
 high-net-worth
 clients access to a wide range of hedge fund strategies.

 BlackRock

 We own a 45% voting interest and approximately half of the
 economic interest of BlackRock, which is one of the world’s
 largest publicly traded investment management firms with
 approximately $1.4 trillion in assets under management at the
 end of 2007. BlackRock manages assets on behalf of institutions
 and individuals worldwide through a variety of equity, fixed
 income, cash management, and alternative investment products.

 GWM’s 2007
 Developments

 GWM continued to focus on growth initiatives during 2007,
 driving operating leverage through a strategy of revenue and
 product diversification, annuitization, client segmentation,
 growth in client assets, the hiring of additional FAs, and
 investments to improve productivity. Approximately 860 FAs were
 added during 2007, and productivity per FA increased over 2006.
 The growth in FAs came through recruiting efforts and the
 continued low rate of turnover among our most productive FAs.
 GWM continues to make investments to carefully expand both
 within and outside the United States, where we believe
 substantial opportunity for growth exists in a number of markets.

 On September 21, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding
 common shares of First Republic in exchange for a combination of
 cash and stock for a total transaction value of
 $1.8 billion. First Republic, which now operates as a
 division of Merrill Lynch Bank & Trust Co. FSB,
 provides personalized, relationship-based banking services,
 including private banking, private business banking, real estate
 lending, trust, brokerage and investment management. The results
 of operations of First Republic have been included in GWM since
 the transaction closed. Refer to Note 16 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

 On December 28, 2007, we sold MLIG to AEGON for
 $1.3 billion, which resulted in an after-tax gain of
 $316 million in discontinued operations. We will maintain a
 strategic business relationship with AEGON in the areas of
 insurance and investment products, and will

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 44

Table of Contents

 continue to serve the insurance needs of our clients through our
 core distribution and advisory capabilities. We have included
 results for MLIG within discontinued operations for all periods
 presented. We previously reported the results of MLIG in the GWM
 business segment. Refer to Note 17 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for additional information.

 GWM Results of
 Operations

 % CHANGE

 2007 VS.

 2006 VS.

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

 2005

 2006

 2005

 GPC

 Fee-based revenues

 $

 6,278

 $

 5,499

 $

 4,743

 14

 %

 16

 %

 Transactional and origination revenues

 3,887

 3,397

 3,264

 14

 4

Net interest
profit and related
hedges(1)

 2,318

 2,103

 1,763

 10

 19

 Other revenues

 416

 301

 310

 38

 (3

 )

 Total GPC revenues, net of interest expense

 12,899

 11,300

 10,080

 14

 12

 GIM

 Total GIM revenues, net of interest expense

 1,122

 541

 409

 107

 32

 Total GWM revenues, net of interest expense

 14,021

 11,841

 10,489

 18

 13

 Non-interest expenses before one-time
 compensation expenses

 10,391

 9,270

 8,422

 12

 10

 One-time compensation expenses

 –

 281

 –

 N/M

 N/M

 Pre-tax earnings from continuing operations

 $

 3,630

 $

 2,290

 $

 2,067

 59

 11

 Pre-tax profit margin

 25.9

 %

 19.3

 %

 19.7

 %

 Total full-time employees

 31,000

 28,400

 26,900

 Total Financial Advisors

 16,740

 15,880

 15,160

 N/M = Not Meaningful

 (1)

 Includes interest component of
 non-qualifying derivatives which are included in other revenues
 on the Consolidated Statements of (Loss)/Earnings.

 GWM’s net revenues in 2007 were $14.0 billion, an
 increase of 18% over the prior year, reflecting strong growth in
 both GPC and GIM’s businesses. GWM generated
 $3.6 billion of pre-tax earnings from continuing
 operations, up 59% from the prior year. The pre-tax profit
 margin was 25.9% in 2007, compared with 19.3% in the prior year.
 Our share of the after-tax earnings of BlackRock is included in
 the GIM portion of GWM revenues for the full year of 2007, but
 for only the fourth quarter of 2006, as the BlackRock merger
 occurred on September 29, 2006.

 GWM’s net revenues in 2006 were $11.8 billion, an
 increase of 13% over 2005, reflecting strong growth in both GPC
 and GIM’s businesses, as well as the inclusion of our share
 of fourth quarter 2006 after-tax earnings of BlackRock. Pre-tax
 earnings were up 11% to $2.3 billion.

 Assets in annuitized-revenue products at year-end 2007 were
 $655 billion, up 7% from 2006, driven by both market
 appreciation and net inflows. Total client assets in GWM
 accounts ended the year at $1.75 trillion. Total net new money
 was $80 billion in 2007, up 33% from 2006. This was the
 highest full year net new money inflow in over six years and
 included higher than normal inflows into money funds and other
 low risk asset classes, consistent with clients seeking to
 reduce their risk exposure during the difficult second half of
 the year. GWM’s net inflows of client assets into
 annuitized-revenue products were $38 billion in 2007, down
 21% from 2006 due to regulatory changes that resulted in our
 decision to no longer offer fee-based brokerage accounts.

 In March 2007, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District
 of Columbia Circuit held that the SEC exceeded its rulemaking
 authority with respect to
 Rule 202(a)(11)-1
 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the “Fee-Based
 Rule”). The Fee-Based Rule generally exempted certain
 broker-dealers from the requirement to register as investment
 advisers under the Advisers Act with respect to the offering of
 fee-based brokerage services. In its decision, the court
 overturned the Fee-Based Rule in its entirety. During the third
 quarter of 2007, after review of this decision with
 representatives of the SEC, we informed clients of our decision
 to no longer offer our Merrill Lynch Unlimited Advantage®
 (“MLUA”) account, and our Financial Advisors worked
 with MLUA clients to transfer their assets to an alternative
 account platform. During the fourth quarter of 2007, more than
 $100 billion of client assets were transitioned from MLUA
 accounts into other account platforms with approximately 75%
 transitioning into other fee-based accounts. While the remaining
 25% of client assets migrated to traditional commission-based
 accounts, virtually no client assets were transferred outside of
 Merrill Lynch. Excluding the impact of the MLUA transition, net
 new money into annuitized-revenue products would have been over
 $20 billion higher in 2007. While this decision affected
 certain of our service offerings to certain clients, we do not
 expect it to have a material impact on our future financial
 results.

 Global Private
 Client

 GPC generated record net revenues of $12.9 billion in 2007,
 up 14% from the prior year, as revenues increased in every major
 revenue category. GPC’s net revenues were
 $11.3 billion in 2006, up 12% from the prior year. Both
 2007 and 2006 increases in net revenues were

 page 45

Table of Contents

 due to higher asset values and strong flows into fee-based
 products, as well as higher net interest profit and
 transactional and origination revenues.

 In 2007, GPC added a net of 860 FAs, driven by continued
 retention of current FAs and recruitment of new FAs, as GPC
 continued to successfully execute its strategy for recruiting
 and training high-quality FAs.

 A detailed discussion of GPC’s revenues follows:

 Fee-Based
 Revenues

 Fee-based revenues primarily consist of portfolio service fees
 that are derived from accounts that charge an annual fee based
 on net asset value (generally billed quarterly in advance based
 on prior quarter asset values), such as Merrill Lynch
 Consults® (a separately managed account product) and prior
 to 2007 year-end, Unlimited Advantage® (a fee-based
 brokerage account). Fee-based revenues also include commissions
 related to distribution fees on mutual funds, asset-based
 commissions from insurance products and taxable and tax-exempt
 money market funds, and fixed annual account fees and other
 account-related fees (these commissions are included in
 commissions revenues on the Consolidated Statements of
 (Loss)/Earnings).

 GPC generated a record $6.3 billion of fee-based revenues
 in 2007, up 14% from 2006. In 2006, fee-based revenues totaled
 $5.5 billion, up 16% from 2005. Both 2007 and 2006
 increases in fee-based revenues were due to higher market values
 and strong flows into annuitized-revenue products.

 The value of client assets in GWM accounts at year-end 2007,
 2006 and 2005 follows:

 (DOLLARS IN BILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

 2005

 Assets in client accounts:

 U.S

 $

 1,586

 $

 1,483

 $

 1,341

 Non-U.S.

 165

 136

 117

 Total

 $

 1,751

 $

 1,619

 $

 1,458

 Assets in Annuitized-Revenue Products

 $

 655

 $

 611

 $

 528

 Transactional
 and Origination Revenues

 Transactional and origination revenues include certain
 commission revenues, such as those that arise from agency
 transactions in listed and OTC equity securities, mutual funds,
 and insurance products. These revenues also include principal
 transactions which primarily represent bid-offer revenues on
 government bonds and municipal securities, as well as new issue
 revenues which include selling concessions on newly issued debt
 and equity securities, including shares of closed-end funds.

 Transactional and origination revenues were $3.9 billion in
 2007, up 14% from 2006, primarily due to higher client
 transaction volumes in secondary markets, particularly outside
 the United States, as well as growth in origination activity
 across all products. In addition, transactional and origination
 revenues included $168 million related to the termination
 of various agreements under which we were no longer obligated to
 provide future support and informational services related to
 origination activities.

 Transactional and origination revenues were $3.4 billion in
 2006, up 4% from the prior year with increases in both
 transaction-related revenues and origination revenues.

 Net Interest
 Profit and Related Hedges

 Net interest profit (interest revenues less interest expenses)
 and related hedges include GPC’s allocation of the interest
 spread earned in our banking subsidiaries for deposits, as well
 as interest earned, net of provisions for loan losses, on
 securities-based loans, mortgages, small- and middle-market
 business and other loans, corporate funding allocations, and the
 interest component of non-qualifying derivatives.

 GPC’s net interest profit and related hedges were
 $2.3 billion in 2007, up 10% from 2006, primarily due to
 higher net interest revenue from deposits and additional
 interest from First Republic since the date of acquisition on
 September 21, 2007. GPC’s net interest profit and
 related hedges were $2.1 billion in 2006, up 19% from 2005.
 The 2006 increase primarily reflected higher margins on deposits
 resulting from rising short-term interest rates and lower
 provisions for loan losses associated with the small- and
 middle-market business loan portfolio.

 Other
 Revenues

 GPC’s other revenues were $416 million in 2007, up 38%
 from 2006, primarily due to additional revenues from the
 distribution of mutual funds and foreign exchange gains.

 GPC’s other revenues were $301 million in 2006, down
 3% from 2005, due in part to lower mortgage-related revenues.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 46

Table of Contents

 Global Investment
 Management

 GIM includes revenues from the creation and management of hedge
 fund and other alternative investment products for clients, as
 well as our share of net earnings from our ownership positions
 in other investment management companies, including BlackRock.
 Under the equity method of accounting, an estimate of the net
 earnings associated with our approximately 50% ownership
 interest in BlackRock is recorded in the GIM portion of the GWM
 segment.

 GIM’s 2007 revenues of $1.1 billion were up 107% from
 2006, driven by the inclusion of revenues for a full year from
 our investment in BlackRock, and to a lesser extent increases in
 revenues from our investments in other alternative asset
 management companies. GIM’s 2006 revenues of
 $541 million were up 32% from 2005, primarily due to the
 inclusion of revenues from our ownership position in BlackRock,
 as well as growth in revenues from our investments in other
 alternative asset management companies.

 Merrill Lynch
 Investment Managers

 On September 29, 2006, we merged MLIM with BlackRock in
 exchange for a total of 65 million common and preferred
 shares in the newly combined BlackRock, representing an economic
 interest of approximately half. Following the merger, the MLIM
 business segment ceased to exist, and under the equity method of
 accounting, an estimate of the net earnings associated with our
 ownership position in BlackRock is recorded in the GIM portion
 of the GWM segment.

 % CHANGE

 2006 VS.

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 2006

(1)

 2005

 2005

 MLIM

 Asset management fees

 $

 1,560

 $

 1,573

 (1

 )%

 Commissions

 83

 105

 (21

 )

 Other revenues

 257

 129

 99

 Total MLIM net revenues, net of interest expense

 1,900

 1,807

 5

 Non-interest expenses before one-time compensation expenses

 1,154

 1,221

 (5

 )

 One-time compensation expenses

 109

 –

 N/M

 Pre-tax earnings from continuing operations

 $

 637

 $

 586

 9

 Pre-tax profit margin

 33.5

 %

 32.4

 %

 Total full-time employees

 –

 2,600

 N/M = Not Meaningful

 (1)

 2006 results include only nine
 months of operations prior to the BlackRock merger at the end of
 the third quarter of 2006.

 MLIM’s net revenues for 2006, reflecting only nine months
 of operations, increased 5% over those for the full year 2005,
 to $1.9 billion, driven by strong net sales and asset
 appreciation. Pre-tax earnings of $637 million, reflecting
 only nine months of operations, and pre-tax profit margin of
 33.5% included $109 million in one-time compensation
 expenses incurred in 2006. Excluding these one-time compensation
 expenses, pre-tax earnings were $746 million, increasing
 27% over the prior year, and the pre-tax profit margin was
 39.3%, up nearly 7 percentage points from 32.4% in 2005.
 Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 for further detail on the one-time compensation expenses. See
 Exhibit 99.1, filed with our 2007
 Form 10-K,
 for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures.

 Asset
 Management Fees

 Asset management fees primarily consisted of fees earned from
 the management and administration of retail mutual funds and
 separately managed accounts for retail investors, as well as
 institutional funds such as pension assets. Asset management
 fees also included performance fees, which are generated in some
 cases by separately managed accounts and institutional money
 management arrangements.

 Asset management fees for the first nine months of 2006 were
 $1.6 billion, down slightly from the full year revenues in
 2005, but up 37% from the first nine months of 2005, driven by
 strong net sales and asset appreciation.

 Commissions

 Commissions for MLIM principally consisted of distribution fees
 and contingent deferred sales charges (“CDSC”) related
 to mutual funds. The distribution fees represented revenues
 earned for promoting and distributing mutual funds, and the CDSC
 represented fees earned when a shareholder redeemed shares prior
 to the required holding period. Commission revenues were
 $83 million for the first nine months of 2006, down 21%
 from the full year of 2005, but up 5% from the first nine months
 of 2005.

 Other
 Revenues

 Other revenues primarily included net interest profit,
 investment gains and losses and revenues from consolidated
 investments. Other revenues totaled $257 million for the
 first nine months of 2006, up from $129 million for the
 full year of 2005 reflecting increased investment gains from
 consolidated investments.

 page 47

Table of Contents

   Geographic
 Information

 Our operations are organized into five regions which include:
 the United States; Europe, Middle East, and Africa
 (“EMEA”); Pacific Rim; Latin America; and Canada.
 Revenues and expenses are generally recorded based on the
 location of the employee generating the revenue or incurring the
 expense without regard to legal entity. The information that
 follows, in management’s judgment, provides a reasonable
 representation of each region’s contribution to the
 consolidated net revenues:

 % CHANGE

 2007 VS.

 2006 VS.

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

(1)

 2005

 2006

 2005

 Revenues, net of interest expense

 Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)

 $

 5,973

 $

 6,896

 $

 4,755

 (13

 )%

 45

 %

 Pacific Rim

 5,065

 3,703

 2,692

 37

 38

 Latin America

 1,401

 1,009

 841

 39

 20

 Canada

 430

 386

 228

 11

 69

 Total Non-US

 12,869

 11,994

 8,516

 7

 41

United
States(2)(3)(4)

 (1,619

 )

 21,787

 16,761

 N/M

 30

 Total

 $

 11,250

 $

 33,781

 $

 25,277

 (67

 )

 34

 N/M = Not Meaningful

 (1)

 2006 results include net revenues
 earned by MLIM of $1.9 billion, which include
 non-U.S. net
 revenues of $1.0 billion. 2005 results include net revenues
 earned by MLIM of $1.8 billion, which include

non-U.S. net
 revenues of $0.8 billion.

 (2)

 Corporate net revenues and
 adjustments are reflected in the U.S. region.

 (3)

 2006 U.S. net revenues include a
 gain of approximately $2.0 billion, resulting from the
 closing of the BlackRock merger.

 (4)

 2007 U.S. net revenues include
 write-downs of $23.2 billion related to U.S. ABS CDOs, U.S.
 sub-prime residential mortgages and securities, and credit
 valuation adjustments related to hedges with financial
 guarantors on U.S. ABS CDOs.

 Non-U.S. net
 revenues for 2007 increased to a record $12.9 billion, up
 7% from 2006. This increase was mainly attributable to higher
 net revenues generated from the Pacific Rim and Latin America
 regions, partially offset by a decrease in EMEA. Growth in

non-U.S. net
 revenues was generated across all major businesses in 2007. For
 GMI,

non-U.S. net
 revenues increased 16% from the prior year. For GWM,

non-U.S. net
 revenues increased 24% from 2006 and represented 11% of the
 total GWM net revenues.

 Net revenues in EMEA were $6.0 billion in 2007, a decrease
 of 13% from 2006, which included MLIM net revenues of
 approximately $775 million. The decrease from the prior
 year was also driven by lower net revenues from GMI, mainly
 within FICC. Within our FICC business, we experienced lower net
 revenues primarily driven by our structured finance and
 commercial real estate businesses. In addition, net revenues
 from our private equity business declined in 2007 by
 approximately $400 million compared to 2006. These
 decreases were partially offset by higher net revenues in our
 Equity Markets business reflecting strong performances from
 equity-linked, financing and services (which includes prime
 brokerage), and cash equities trading activities. Investment
 Banking net revenues increased from a year ago as increases from
 our strategic advisory services and equity origination
 activities more than offset declines in our debt origination.

 Net revenues in EMEA were $6.9 billion in 2006, up 45% from
 2005. This increase resulted from higher net revenues throughout
 GMI businesses. Within FICC, higher net revenues were driven by
 increases from commodities, credit related and structured
 finance activities, while Equity Markets’ strong results
 reflected increases from equity-linked and cash equities trading
 activities. Private equity net revenues increased over
 $200 million in 2006 compared to 2005. Investment Banking
 net revenues were higher across all areas with the strongest
 increase generated from debt origination.

 Net revenues in the Pacific Rim were $5.1 billion in 2007,
 an increase of 37% from 2006. These results reflected increases
 across multiple businesses and products within GMI and GWM.
 Within GMI, higher net revenues in Equity Markets were driven by
 our equity-linked and cash equities trading activities, while
 higher net revenues in FICC were primarily driven by commercial
 real estate. GWM net revenues rose 27% to over $500 million
 in 2007.

 Net revenues in the Pacific Rim were $3.7 billion in 2006,
 an increase of 38% from 2005, mainly reflecting growth across
 GMI businesses. In FICC, higher net revenues primarily reflected
 increases from our commercial real estate business as well as
 our rates and currency trading activities. Increased net
 revenues in Equity Markets were driven by cash equities trading
 activities and increased net revenues from our private equity
 business. Investment Banking net revenues increased across all
 activities with the most significant increase generated from
 equity origination.

 Net revenues in Latin America increased 39% in 2007, reflecting
 strong results in both our GMI and GWM businesses. In GMI, all
 businesses generated higher net revenues with the most
 significant increases resulting from FICC credit and currency
 trading activities.

 Net revenues in Canada increased 11% in 2007, due to strong
 results in our GMI businesses.

 U.S. net revenues were negative $1.6 billion in 2007,
 down from $21.8 billion in 2006, which included a
 $2.0 billion gain related to the BlackRock merger and
 approximately $900 million of net revenues from MLIM. The
 decreases were mainly driven by lower net revenues

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 48

Table of Contents

 in GMI, primarily within our FICC business. See the FICC results
 of operations section for further information. In Equity Markets
 net revenues increased in 2007 driven by increased gains of
 approximately $700 million arising from the widening of
 Merrill Lynch credit spreads on certain of our long-term
 liabilities and increases from equity-linked, financing and
 servicing and cash equities trading. Investment Banking net
 revenues increased year-over-year as strong strategic advisory
 and equity origination activities offset lower net revenues from
 debt origination, primarily leveraged finance. The overall
 decline in GMI net revenues was partially offset by strong
 results from our GWM business, which generated net revenues of
 $12.3 billion, an increase of 19% from 2006.

 In 2006, U.S. net revenues were $21.8 billion, which
 included the one-time gain arising from the merger of MLIM with
 BlackRock, increased 30% compared to 2005 reflecting increases
 across all GMI businesses and GWM. Equity Markets strong results
 in 2006 reflected increased net revenues from our private equity
 business and equity-linked trading activities. Investment
 Banking higher net revenues in 2006 reflected increases across
 all businesses, while FICC’s increased net revenues in 2006
 were driven by credit trading activities. GWM generated net
 revenues of $10.4 billion in 2006, an increase of 14% from
 2005.

   Consolidated
 Balance Sheets

 We continuously monitor and evaluate the size and composition of
 the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The following table summarizes
 the year-end and average balance sheets for 2007 and 2006:

 DEC. 28,

 2007

 DEC. 29,

 2006

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 2007

 AVERAGE

(1)

 2006

 AVERAGE

(1)

 Assets

 Trading-Related

 Securities financing assets

 $

 400,002

 $

 490,729

 $

 321,907

 $

 362,090

 Trading assets

 234,669

 254,421

 203,848

 193,911

 Other trading-related receivables

 95,753

 93,556

 71,621

 69,510

 730,424

 838,706

 597,376

 625,511

 Non-Trading-Related

 Cash

 64,345

 54,068

 45,558

 37,760

 Investment securities

 82,532

 85,982

 83,410

 70,827

 Loans, notes, and mortgages, net

 94,992

 81,704

 73,029

 70,992

 Other non-trading assets

 47,757

 52,150

 41,926

 43,012

 289,626

 273,904

 243,923

 222,591

 Total assets

 $

 1,020,050

 $

 1,112,610

 $

 841,299

 $

 848,102

 Liabilities

 Trading-Related

 Securities financing liabilities

 $

 336,876

 $

 459,827

 $

 291,045

 $

 332,741

 Trading liabilities

 123,588

 146,073

 98,862

 117,873

 Other trading-related payables

 91,550

 107,198

 75,622

 80,238

 552,014

 713,098

 465,529

 530,852

 Non-Trading-Related

 Short-term borrowings

 24,914

 20,231

 18,110

 17,104

 Deposits

 103,987

 88,319

 84,124

 81,109

 Long-term borrowings

 260,973

 211,118

 181,400

 141,278

 Junior subordinated notes (related to trust preferred securities)

 5,154

 4,263

 3,813

 3,091

 Other non-trading liabilities

 41,076

 36,180

 49,285

 37,251

 436,104

 360,111

 336,732

 279,833

 Total liabilities

 988,118

 1,073,209

 802,261

 810,685

 Total stockholders’ equity

 31,932

 39,401

 39,038

 37,417

 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity

 $

 1,020,050

 $

 1,112,610

 $

 841,299

 $

 848,102

 (1)

 Averages represent our daily
 balance sheet estimates, which may not fully reflect netting and
 other adjustments included in period-end balances. Balances for
 certain assets and liabilities are not revised on a daily basis.

 The increases in trading-related assets and liabilities as of
 December 28, 2007, when compared to December 29, 2006, primarily
 reflect higher levels of securities financing activity, which
 includes increased client matched-book transactions. We
 continued to expand our prime brokerage business during the
 year, which resulted in increases in securities financing
 transactions.

 The increase in non-trading related assets as of December 28,
 2007, when compared to December 29, 2006, primarily relates to
 an increase in loans, notes, and mortgages and cash. The
 increase in loans, notes, and mortgages primarily relates to the
 origination of commercial loans, and to a lesser extent,
 residential mortgages, which included loans associated with our
 First Republic acquisition.

 page 49

Table of Contents

 The increase in cash is primarily driven by issuances of
 long-term borrowings. See the Cash Flows section in our
 MD&A for further details on changes in cash. Non-trading
 related liabilities were higher as of December 28, 2007, when
 compared to December 29, 2006, primarily due to increases in
 long-term borrowings and deposits to maintain sufficient funding
 to support our businesses and ensure adequate liquidity.

 Stockholders’ equity at December 28, 2007 was
 $31.9 billion, down 18% from $39.0 billion at
 December 29, 2006. This decrease primarily resulted from
 our net loss from continuing operations, common stock
 repurchases, and dividends paid, which were partially offset by
 common and preferred stock issuances and the net effect of
 employee stock transactions.

 See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 further information on balance sheet captions.

   Off-Balance
 Sheet Exposures

 As a part of our normal operations, we enter into various off
 balance sheet arrangements that may require future payments. The
 table below outlines the significant off balance sheet
 arrangements, as well as the future expirations as of
 December 28, 2007:

 EXPIRATION

 LESS THAN

 1–3

 3+–5

 OVER 5

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 TOTAL

 1 YEAR

 YEARS

 YEARS

 YEARS

 Liquidity, credit and default facilities

 $

 43,669

 $

 40,454

 $

 3,143

 $

 72

 $

 –

 Residual value guarantees

 1,001

 74

 406

 115

 406

 Standby letters of credit and other guarantees

 45,177

 1,785

 1,147

 954

 41,291

 Liquidity, Credit
 and Default Facilities

 We provide guarantees to special purpose entities
 (“SPEs”) in the form of liquidity, credit and default
 facilities. The liquidity, credit and default facilities relate
 primarily to municipal bond securitization SPEs, whose assets
 are comprised of municipal bonds, and an asset-backed commercial
 paper conduit, whose assets primarily include auto and equipment
 loans and lease receivables. To protect against declines in
 value of the assets held by the SPEs for which we provide
 liquidity, credit or default facilities, we may economically
 hedge our exposure through derivative positions that principally
 offset the risk of loss of these facilities. See Notes 6
 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
 information.

 Residual Value
 Guarantees

 Residual value guarantees are primarily related to leasing SPEs
 where either we or a third-party is the lessee, and includes
 residual value guarantees associated with the Hopewell campus
 and aircraft leases of $322 million. At December 28,
 2007 a liability of $13 million was recorded on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet for these guarantees.

 Standby Letters
 of Credit

 We also make guarantees to counterparties in the form of standby
 letters of credit and reimbursement agreements issued in
 conjunction with sales of loans originated under our Mortgage
 100| program. At December 28, 2007, we held
 $593 million of marketable securities as collateral to
 secure these guarantees and a liability of $12 million was
 recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

 Other
 Guarantees

 In conjunction with certain structured investment funds, we
 guarantee the return of the initial principal investment at the
 termination date of the fund. These funds are generally managed
 based on a formula that requires the fund to hold a combination
 of general investments and highly liquid risk-free assets that,
 when combined, will result in the return of principal at the
 maturity date unless there is a significant market event. At
 December 28, 2007 a liability of $7 million was
 recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for these guarantees.

 We also provide indemnifications related to the U.S. tax
 treatment of certain foreign tax planning transactions. The
 maximum exposure to loss associated with these transactions is
 $167 million; however, we believe that the likelihood of
 loss with respect to these arrangements is remote. At
 December 28, 2007 no liabilities were recorded on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet for these guarantees.

 In connection with residential mortgage loan and other
 securitization transactions, Merrill Lynch typically makes
 representations and warranties about the underlying assets. If
 there is a material breach of such representations and
 warranties, Merrill Lynch may have an obligation to repurchase
 the assets or indemnify the purchaser against any loss. For
 residential mortgage loan and other securitizations, the maximum
 potential amount that could be required to be repurchased is the
 current outstanding asset balance. Specifically related to First
 Franklin activities, there is currently approximately
 $40 billion of outstanding loans that First Franklin sold
 in various asset sales and securitization transactions over the
 last 36 months. Merrill Lynch has recognized a liability of
 approximately $520 million at December 28, 2007
 arising from these residential mortgage sales and securitization
 transactions.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 50

Table of Contents

 Derivatives

 Merrill Lynch records all derivative transactions at fair value
 on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Merrill Lynch does not
 monitor its exposure to derivatives based on the theoretical
 maximum payout because that measure does not take into
 consideration the probability of the occurrence. Additionally,
 the notional value is not a relevant indicator of Merrill
 Lynch’s exposure to these contracts, as it is not
 indicative of the amount that will be owed on the contract.
 Instead, a risk framework is used to define risk tolerances and
 establish limits to help to ensure that certain risk-related
 losses occur within acceptable, predefined limits. Since
 derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at
 fair value and the disclosure of the notional amounts is not a
 relevant indicator of risk, notional amounts are not provided
 for the off-balance sheet exposure on derivatives. Derivatives
 that meet the definition of a guarantee under FIN 45,
 Guarantor’s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for
 Guarantees, Including Indebtedness of Others, are included
 in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 We also fund selected assets, including CDOs and CLOs, via
 derivative contracts with third party structures that are not
 consolidated on our balance sheets. Of the total notional amount
 of these total return swaps, approximately $24 billion is
 term financed through facilities provided by commercial banks,
 $35 billion of long term funding is provided by third party
 special purpose vehicles and $11 billion is financed with
 asset backed commercial paper conduits. In certain
 circumstances, we may be required to purchase these assets which
 would not result in additional gain or loss to us as such
 exposure is already reflected in the fair value of our
 derivative contracts.

 In order to facilitate client demand for structured credit
 products, we sell protection on high grade collateral and buy
 protection on lesser grade collateral to certain SPEs which then
 issue structured credit notes.

 Acting in our market making capacity, we enter into other
 derivatives with SPEs, both Merrill Lynch sponsored and third
 party, including interest rate swaps, credit default swaps and
 other derivative instruments.

 Involvement
 with SPEs

 Merrill Lynch transacts with SPEs in a variety of capacities,
 including those that we help establish as well as those for
 which we are not involved in the initial formation. Merrill
 Lynch’s involvement with SPEs can vary and, depending upon
 the accounting definition of the SPE (i.e., voting rights entity
 (“VRE”), VIE or QSPE), we may be required to reassess
 whether our involvement necessitates consolidating the SPE or
 disclosing a significant involvement with the SPE. An interest
 in a VRE requires reconsideration when our equity interest or
 management influence changes, an interest in a VIE requires
 reconsideration when an event occurs that was not originally
 contemplated (e.g., a purchase of the SPE’s assets or
 liabilities), and an interest in a QSPE requires reconsideration
 if the entity no longer meets the definition of a QSPE. Refer to
 Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a
 discussion of our consolidation accounting policies. Types of
 SPEs include:

 • 

 Municipal bond securitization SPEs: SPEs that issue
 medium-term paper, purchase municipal bonds as collateral and
 purchase a guarantee to enhance the creditworthiness of the
 collateral.

 • 

 Asset-backed securities SPEs: SPEs that issue different
 classes of debt, from super senior to subordinated, and equity
 and purchase assets as collateral, including residential
 mortgages, commercial mortgages, auto leases and credit card
 receiveables.

 • 

 ABS CDOs: SPEs that issue different classes of debt, from
 super senior to subordinated, and equity and purchase
 asset-backed securities collateralized by residential mortgages,
 commercial mortgages, auto leases and credit card receivables.

 • 

 Synthetic CDOs: SPEs that issue different classes of
 debt, from super senior to subordinated, and equity, purchase
 high grade assets as collateral and enter into a portfolio of
 credit default swaps to synthetically create the credit risk of
 the issued notes.

 • 

 Credit-linked note SPEs: SPEs that issue notes
 linked to the credit risk of a company, purchase high grade
 assets as collateral and enter into credit default swaps to
 synthetically create the credit risk to pay the return on the
 notes.

 • 

 Tax planning SPEs: SPEs are sometimes used to legally
 isolate transactions for the purpose of deriving certain tax
 benefits on behalf of our clients as well as ourselves. The
 assets and capital structure of these entities vary for each
 structure.

 • 

 Trust preferred security SPEs: These SPEs hold junior
 subordinated debt issued by Merrill Lynch, or our subsidiaries,
 and issue preferred stock on substantially the same terms to
 third party investors. We also provide a parent guarantee, on a
 junior subordinated basis, of the distributions and other
 payments on the preferred stock to the extent that the SPEs have
 funds legally available. The debt we issue into the SPE is
 classified as long-term borrowings on our Consolidated Balance
 Sheets. The ML & Co. parent guarantees of its own
 subsidiaries are not required to be recorded in the Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 • 

 Conduits: Generally, entities that issue commercial paper
 and subordinated capital, purchase assets, and enter into total
 return swaps or repurchase agreements with higher rated
 counterparties, particularly banks. The Conduits generally have
 a liquidity

and/or
 credit facility to further enhance the credit quality of the
 commercial paper issuance. A single seller conduit will execute
 total return swaps, repurchase agreements, and liquidity and
 credit facilities with one financial institution. A multi-seller
 conduit will execute total return swaps, repurchase agreements,
 and liquidity and credit facilities with numerous financial
 institutions. Refer to Notes 6 and 11 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for additional information on Conduits.

 page 51

Table of Contents

 Our involvement with SPEs includes off-balance sheet
 arrangements discussed above, as well as the following
 activities:

 Holder of Issued
 Debt and Equity

 Particularly in SPEs that we establish, Merrill Lynch may be the
 holder of debt and equity of an SPE. These holdings will be
 classified as trading assets, loans, notes and mortgages or
 investment securities. Such holdings may change over time at the
 discretion of Merrill Lynch and rarely are there contractual
 obligations requiring us to purchase additional debt or equity
 interests. Significant obligations would be disclosed in the off
 balance sheet arrangements table above.

 Warehousing of
 Loans and Securities

 Warehouse loans and securities represent amounts maintained on
 our balance sheet that are intended to be sold into a trust for
 the purposes of securitization. We may retain amounts on our
 balance sheet for the benefit of a CDO managed by a third party.
 Warehoused loans are carried as held for sale and warehoused
 securities are carried as trading assets. We have significantly
 reduced the levels of activity and exposure to these holdings.

 Securitizations

 In the normal course of business, Merrill Lynch securitizes:
 commercial and residential mortgage loans and home equity loans;
 municipal, government, and corporate bonds; and other types of
 financial assets. Securitizations involve the selling of assets
 to SPEs, which in turn issue debt and equity securities
 (“tranches”) with those assets as collateral. Merrill
 Lynch may retain interests in the securitized financial assets
 through holding tranches of the securitization. See Note 6
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Structured
 Investment Vehicles (“SIVs”)

 SIVs are leveraged investment programs that purchase securities
 and issue asset-backed commercial paper and medium-term notes.
 These SPEs are characterized by low equity levels with partial
 liquidity support facilities and the assets are actively managed
 by the SIV investment manager. Merrill Lynch has not been the
 sponsor or equity investor of any SIV. Merrill Lynch has acted
 as a commercial paper or medium-term note placement agent for
 various SIVs.

   Contractual
 Obligations and Commitments

    Contractual
 Obligations

 In the normal course of business, we enter into various
 contractual obligations that may require future cash payments.
 The accompanying table summarizes our contractual obligations by
 remaining maturity at December 28, 2007. Excluded from this
 table are obligations recorded on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets that are: (i) generally short-term in nature,
 including securities financing transactions, trading
 liabilities, derivative contracts, commercial paper and other
 short-term borrowings and other payables; and (ii) deposits.

 EXPIRATION

 LESS THAN

 1–3

 3+–5

 OVER 5

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 TOTAL

 1 YEAR

 YEARS

 YEARS

 YEARS

 Long-term borrowings

 $

 260,973

 $

 65,040

 $

 69,881

 $

 43,566

 $

 82,486

Contractual
interest
payments(1)

 54,244

 8,509

 11,302

 7,788

 26,645

 Purchasing and other commitments

 8,142

 4,035

 1,177

 1,242

 1,688

 Junior subordinated notes (related to trust preferred securities)

 5,154

 –

 –

 –

 5,154

 Operating lease commitments

 3,901

 618

 1,173

 949

 1,161

 (1)

 Relates to estimates of future
 interest payments associated with long-term borrowings based
 upon applicable interest rates as of December 28, 2007.
 Excludes estimates of stated coupons, if any, on structured
 notes given the difficulty in predicting the value of the
 underlying.

 We issue U.S. dollar and
 non-U.S. dollar-denominated
 long-term borrowings with both variable and fixed interest
 rates, as part of our overall funding strategy. For further
 information on funding and long-term borrowings, see the Capital
 and Funding section in our MD&A and Note 9 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements. In the normal course of
 business, we enter into various noncancellable long-term
 operating lease agreements, various purchasing commitments,
 commitments to extend credit and other commitments. For detailed
 information regarding these commitments, see Note 11 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 As disclosed in Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial
 Statements, Merrill Lynch has unrecognized tax benefits as of
 December 28, 2007 of approximately $1.5 billion in
 accordance with FIN 48. Of this total, approximately
 $1.2 billion (net of federal benefit of state issues,
 competent authority and foreign tax credit offsets) represents
 the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized,
 would favorably affect the effective tax rate in future periods.
 As indicated in Note 14, unrecognized tax benefits with
 respect to the U.S. Tax Court case and the Japanese
 assessment, while paid, have been included in the
 $1.5 billion and the $1.2 billion amounts above. Due
 to the uncertainty of the amounts to be ultimately paid as well
 as the timing of such payments, all FIN 48 liabilities
 which have not been paid have been excluded from the Contractual
 Obligations table.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 52

Table of Contents

    Commitments

 At December 28, 2007, our commitments had the following
 expirations:

 EXPIRATION

 LESS THAN

 1–3

 3+–5

 OVER 5

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 TOTAL

 1 YEAR

 YEARS

 YEARS

 YEARS

Commitments to
extend
credit(1)

 $

 78,232

 $

 29,141

 $

 12,274

 $

 25,628

 $

 11,189

 Commitments to enter into forward dated resale and securities
 borrowing agreements

 20,943

 20,659

 284

 –

 –

 Commitments to enter into forward dated repurchase and
 securities lending agreements

 41,590

 37,320

 4,270

 –

 –

 (1)

 See Note 7 and Note 11 to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements.

   Capital
 and Funding

 The primary objectives of our capital management and funding
 strategies are as follows:

 • 

 Maintain sufficient long-term capital to support the execution
 of our business strategies and to achieve our financial
 performance objectives;

 • 

 Ensure liquidity across market cycles and through periods of
 financial stress; and

 • 

 Comply with regulatory capital requirements.

    Long-Term
 Capital

 Our long-term capital sources include equity capital, long-term
 borrowings and certain deposits in bank subsidiaries that we
 consider to be long-term or stable in nature.

 At December 28, 2007 and December 29, 2006 total
 long-term capital consisted of the following:

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

Common
equity(1)

 $

 27,549

 $

 35,893

 Preferred stock

 4,383

 3,145

Trust preferred
securities(2)

 4,725

 3,323

 Equity capital

 36,657

 42,361

 Subordinated long-term debt obligations

 10,887

 6,429

Senior
long-term debt
obligations(3)

 156,370

 120,122

Deposits(4)

 85,035

 71,204

 Total long-term capital

 $

 288,949

 $

 240,116

 (1)

 Includes $3.8 billion of
 equity in connection with common stock issuances to Temasek and
 Davis.

 (2)

 Represents junior subordinated
 notes (related to trust preferred securities), net of related
 investments. The related investments are reported as investment
 securities and were $429 million at December 28, 2007
 and $490 million at December 29, 2006.

 (3)

 Excludes junior subordinated notes
 (related to trust preferred securities), the current portion of
 long-term borrowings and the long-term portion of other
 subsidiary financing that is non-recourse to or not guaranteed
 by ML & Co. Borrowings that mature in more than one
 year, but contain provisions whereby the holder has the option
 to redeem the obligations within one year, are reflected as the
 current portion of long-term borrowings and are not included in
 long-term capital.

 (4)

 Includes $70,246 million and
 $14,789 million of deposits in U.S. and
 non-U.S.
 banking subsidiaries, respectively, at December 28, 2007,
 and $59,341 million and $11,863 million of deposits in
 U.S. and

non-U.S.
 banking subsidiaries, respectively, at December 29, 2006
 that we consider to be long-term based on our liquidity models.

 At December 28, 2007, our long-term capital sources of
 $288.9 billion exceeded our estimated long-term capital
 requirements. In addition, on a pro forma basis for equity
 issuances completed subsequent to year-end and described on
 page 54, our pro forma long-term capital was
 $297.9 billion. See Liquidity Risk in the Risk Management
 Section for additional information.

    Equity
 Capital

 At December 28, 2007, equity capital, as defined by Merrill
 Lynch, was $36.7 billion and comprised of
 $27.5 billion of common equity, $4.4 billion of
 preferred stock, and $4.7 billion of trust preferred
 securities. We define equity capital more broadly than
 stockholders’ equity under U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles, as we include other capital instruments
 with equity-like characteristics such as trust preferred
 securities. We view trust preferred securities as equity capital
 because they are either perpetual or have maturities of at least
 50 years at issuance. These trust preferred securities
 represent junior subordinated notes, net of related investments.
 Junior subordinated notes (related to trust preferred
 securities) are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
 liabilities for accounting purposes. The related investments are
 reported as investment securities on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets.

 We regularly assess the adequacy of our equity capital base
 relative to the estimated risks and needs of our businesses, the
 regulatory and legal capital requirements of our subsidiaries,
 standards required by the SEC’s CSE rules and capital
 adequacy methodologies of rating agencies. At December 28,
 2007 Merrill Lynch was in compliance with applicable CSE
 standards. Refer to Note 15 to the

 page 53

Table of Contents

 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
 regulatory requirements. We also assess the impact of our
 capital structure on financial performance metrics.

 We have developed economic capital models to determine the
 amount of equity capital we need to cover potential losses
 arising from market, credit and operational risks. These models
 align closely with our regulatory capital requirements. We
 developed these statistical risk models in conjunction with our
 risk management practices, and they allow us to attribute an
 amount of equity to each of our businesses that reflects the
 risks of that business, both on- and off-balance sheet. We
 regularly review and periodically refine models and other tools
 used to estimate risks, as well as the assumptions used in those
 models and tools to provide a reasonable and conservative
 assessment of our risks across a stressed market cycle. We also
 assess the need for equity capital to support risks that we
 believe may not be adequately measured through these risk models.

 In addition, we consider how much equity capital we may need to
 support normal business growth and strategic initiatives. In the
 event that we generate common equity capital beyond our
 estimated needs, we seek to return that capital to shareholders
 through share repurchases and dividends, considering the impact
 on our financial performance metrics. Likewise, we will seek to
 raise additional equity capital to the extent we determine it
 necessary.

 Major components of the changes in our equity capital for 2007
 and 2006 are as follows:

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

 Beginning of year

 $

 42,361

 $

 38,144

 Net (loss)/earnings

 (7,777

 )

 7,499

 Issuance of common stock in connection with Temasek and Davis

 3,840

 –

 Issuance of preferred stock, net of repurchases and re-issuances

 1,238

 472

 Issuance of trust preferred securities, net of redemptions and
 related investments

 1,402

 779

 Common and preferred stock dividends

 (1,505

 )

 (1,106

 )

 Common stock repurchases

 (5,272

 )

 (9,088

 )

Net effect of
employee stock transactions and
other(1)(2)

 2,370

 5,661

 End of year

 $

 36,657

 $

 42,361

 (1)

 Includes effect of accumulated
 other comprehensive loss and other items.

 (2)

 2006 amount includes the impact of
 our adoption of SFAS No. 123R and related policy
 modifications to previous stock awards, as well as accumulated
 other comprehensive loss and other items.

 Our equity capital of $36.7 billion at December 28,
 2007 decreased $5.7 billion, or 13%, from December 29,
 2006. Equity capital decreased in 2007 primarily as a result of
 net losses, common stock repurchases and dividends. The equity
 capital decrease was partially offset by the issuance of common
 stock, the net issuance of preferred stock and trust preferred
 securities and the net effect of employee stock transactions. On
 a pro forma basis for equity issuances completed subsequent to
 year-end and described below, we had $45.6 billion of pro
 forma equity capital which was comprised of $29.9 billion
 in common equity, $11.0 billion in preferred stock and
 $4.7 billion in trust preferred securities.

 Common
 Stock

 On December 24, 2007, we reached agreements with each of
 Temasek and Davis, on behalf of various investors, to sell an
 aggregate of 116.7 million shares of newly issued common
 stock at a price of $48.00 per share, for aggregate proceeds of
 approximately $5.6 billion. Temasek purchased
 55 million shares in December 2007 and the remaining
 36.7 million shares in January 2008. In addition, Temasek
 and its assignees exercised options to purchase an additional
 12.5 million shares of our common stock at a purchase price
 of $48.00 per share in February 2008. Davis purchased
 25 million shares in December 2007. See “Other
 Information (Unaudited) — Unregistered Sales of Equity
 Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities” for additional detail on these transactions.

 Upon closing the First Republic acquisition on
 September 21, 2007, we issued 11.6 million shares of
 common stock as a portion of the consideration.

 On January 18, 2007, the Board of Directors declared a 40%
 increase in the regular quarterly dividend to 35 cents per
 common share.

 During 2007, we repurchased 62.1 million common shares at
 an average repurchase price of $84.88 per share. On
 April 30, 2007 the Board of Directors authorized the
 repurchase of an additional $6 billion of our outstanding
 common shares. During 2007, we had completed the $5 billion
 repurchase program authorized in October 2006 and had
 $4.0 billion of authorized repurchase capacity remaining
 under the repurchase program authorized in April 2007. We did
 not repurchase any common stock during the fourth quarter of
 2007 and do not anticipate additional repurchases of common
 shares.

 Preferred
 Stock

 On January 15, 2008, we reached agreements with several
 long-term investors to sell an aggregate of 66,000 shares
 of newly issued 9.00% Non-Voting Mandatory Convertible
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series 1, par value $1.00
 per share and liquidation preference $100,000 per share (the
 “Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock”), at a price
 of $100,000 per share, for an aggregate

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 54

Table of Contents

 purchase price of approximately $6.6 billion. We issued the
 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock on various dates in
 January and February 2008. See “Other Information
 (Unaudited) — Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities,
 Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities”
 for additional detail on these transactions.

 In conjunction with the acquisition of First Republic on
 September 21, 2007 we issued $65 million of 6.70%
 non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and $50 million of
 6.25% non-cumulative preferred stock in exchange for First
 Republic’s preferred stock Series A and B,
 respectively.

 On March 20, 2007, Merrill Lynch issued $1.5 billion
 of floating rate, non-cumulative, perpetual preferred stock.

 Trust Preferred
 Securities

 On March 30, 2007, Merrill Lynch Preferred Capital
 Trust II redeemed all of the outstanding $300 million
 of 8.00% trust preferred securities.

 On May 2, 2007, Merrill Lynch Capital Trust II issued
 $950 million of 6.45% trust preferred securities and
 invested the proceeds in junior subordinated notes issued by
 ML & Co.

 On August 22, 2007, Merrill Lynch Capital Trust III
 issued $750 million of 7.375% trust preferred securities
 and invested the proceeds in junior subordinated notes issued by
 ML & Co.

 The table below sets forth the information with respect to
 purchases made by or on behalf of us or any “affiliated
 purchaser” of our common stock during the year ended
 December 28, 2007.

 TOTAL NUMBER

 APPROXIMATE

 OF SHARES

 DOLLAR VALUE

 PURCHASED

 OF SHARES THAT

 AS PART OF

 MAY YET BE

 TOTAL NUMBER

 AVERAGE

 PUBLICLY

 PURCHASED

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

 OF SHARES

 PRICE PAID

 ANNOUNCED

 UNDER THE

 PERIOD

 PURCHASED

 PER SHARE

 PROGRAM

(1)

 PROGRAM

 First Quarter 2007 (Dec. 30, 2006 – Mar. 30, 2007)

 Capital Management Program

 22,397,882

 $

 89.31

 22,397,882

 $

 1,243

Employee
Transactions(2)

 7,728,843

 $

 91.33

 N/A

 N/A

 Second Quarter 2007 (Mar. 31, 2007 – Jun. 29, 2007)

 Capital Management Program

 19,802,094

 $

 90.90

 19,802,094

 $

 5,443

Employee
Transactions(2)

 1,010,173

 $

 87.92

 N/A

 N/A

 Third Quarter 2007 (Jun. 30, 2007 – Sep. 28, 2007)

 Capital Management Program

 19,912,900

 $

 73.91

 19,912,900

 $

 3,971

Employee
Transactions(2)

 2,946,004

 $

 75.30

 N/A

 N/A

 Month #10 (Sep. 29, 2007 – Nov. 2, 2007)

 Capital Management Program

 –

 $

 –

 –

 $

 3,971

Employee
Transactions(2)

 1,011,787

 $

 65.61

 N/A

 N/A

 Month #11 (Nov. 3, 2007 – Nov. 30, 2007)

 Capital Management Program

 –

 $

 –

 –

 $

 3,971

Employee
Transactions(2)

 1,069,077

 $

 55.33

 N/A

 N/A

 Month #12 (Dec. 1, 2007 – Dec. 28, 2007)

 Capital Management Program

 –

 $

 –

 –

 $

 3,971

Employee
Transactions(2)

 527,888

 $

 56.40

 N/A

 N/A

 Fourth Quarter 2007 (Sep. 29, 2007 – Dec. 28, 2007)

 Capital Management Program

 –

 $

 –

 –

 $

 3,971

Employee
Transactions(2)

 2,608,752

 $

 59.54

 N/A

 N/A

 Full Year 2007 (Dec. 30, 2006 – Dec. 28, 2007)

 Capital Management Program

 62,112,876

 $

 84.88

 62,112,876

 $

 3,971

Employee
Transactions(2)

 14,293,772

 $

 81.98

 N/A

 N/A

 (1)

 Share repurchases under the program
 were made pursuant to open-market purchases,
 Rule 10b5-1
 plans or privately negotiated transactions as market conditions
 warranted and at prices that we deemed appropriate.

 (2)

 Included in the total number of
 shares purchased are: (1) shares purchased during the
 period by participants in the Merrill Lynch 401(k) Savings and
 Investment Plan (“401(k)”) and the Merrill Lynch
 Retirement Accumulation Plan (“RAP”), (2) shares
 delivered or attested to in satisfaction of the exercise price
 by holders of ML & Co. employee stock options (granted
 under employee stock compensation plans) and (3) Restricted
 Shares withheld (under the terms of grants under employee stock
 compensation plans) to offset tax withholding obligations that
 occur upon vesting and release of Restricted Shares.
 ML & Co.’s employee stock compensation plans
 provide that the value of the shares delivered, attested, or
 withheld, shall be the average of the high and low price of
 ML & Co.’s common stock (Fair Market Value) on
 the date the relevant transaction occurs. See Notes 12 and
 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
 information on these plans.

 page 55

Table of Contents

    Balance
 Sheet Leverage

 Assets-to-equity leverage ratios are commonly used to assess a
 company’s capital adequacy. We believe that a leverage
 ratio adjusted to exclude certain assets considered to have low
 risk profiles and assets in customer accounts financed primarily
 by customer liabilities provides a more meaningful measure of
 balance sheet leverage in the securities industry than an
 unadjusted ratio. We calculate adjusted assets by reducing total
 assets by (1) securities financing transactions and
 securities received as collateral less trading liabilities net
 of derivative contracts and (2) segregated cash and
 securities and separate accounts assets.

 As leverage ratios are not risk sensitive, we do not rely on
 them to measure capital adequacy. When we assess our capital
 adequacy, we consider more sophisticated measures that capture
 the risk profiles of the assets, the impact of hedging,
 off-balance sheet exposures, operational risk, regulatory
 capital requirements and other considerations.

 The following table provides calculations of our leverage ratios
 at December 28, 2007 and December 29, 2006:

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

 Total assets

 $

 1,020,050

 $

 841,299

 Less: Receivables under resale agreements

 221,617

 178,368

 Receivables under securities borrowed transactions

 133,140

 118,610

 Securities received as collateral

 45,245

 24,929

 Add: Trading liabilities, at fair value, excluding
 derivative contracts

 50,294

 56,822

 Sub-total

 670,342

 576,214

 Less: Segregated cash and securities balances

 22,999

 13,449

 Separate accounts assets

 –

 12,314

 Adjusted assets

 647,343

 550,451

 Less: Goodwill and intangible assets

 5,091

 2,457

 Tangible adjusted assets

 $

 642,252

 $

 547,994

 Stockholders’ equity

 $

 31,932

 $

 39,038

Add:
Trust preferred
securities
(1)

 4,725

 3,323

 Equity capital

 $

 36,657

 $

 42,361

Tangible equity
capital(2)

 $

 31,566

 $

 39,904

Leverage
ratio(3)

 27.8

 x

 19.9

 x

Adjusted
leverage
ratio(4)

 17.7

 x

 13.0

 x

Tangible
adjusted leverage
ratio(5)

 20.3

 x

 13.7

 x

 (1)

 Represents junior subordinated
 notes (related to trust preferred securities), net of related
 investments. The related investments are reported as investment
 securities and were
 $429 million
 and $490 million at December 28, 2007 and
 December 29, 2006, respectively.

 (2)

 Equity capital less goodwill and
 other intangible assets.

 (3)

 Total assets divided by equity
 capital.

 (4)

 Adjusted assets divided by equity
 capital.

 (5)

 Tangible adjusted assets divided by
 tangible equity capital.

 The table above does not reflect the impact of the following
 transactions that occurred subsequent to our 2007 year end:

 • 

 Issuance of 49.2 million shares of common stock for
 $2.4 billion during the first quarter of 2008 in connection
 with our agreement with Temasek;

 • 

 Issuance of 66,000 shares of our 9.00% Non-Voting Mandatory
 Convertible Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series 1
 (convertible into a maximum of 126 million shares of common
 stock) for approximately $6.6 billion during the first
 quarter of 2008 to long-term investors, including the Korea
 Investment Corporation, Kuwait Investment Authority and Mizuho
 Corporate Bank; and

 • 

 On a pro forma basis for equity issuances completed subsequent
 to year-end and described above, our pro forma leverage ratio,
 adjusted leverage ratio and tangible adjusted leverage ratio
 would have been 22.6x, 14.4x, and 16.1x, respectively.

 See “Other Information (Unaudited) — Unregistered
 Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases
 of Equity Securities” for additional detail on these
 transactions.

    Funding

 We fund our assets primarily with a mix of secured and unsecured
 liabilities through a globally coordinated funding strategy. We
 fund a portion of our trading assets with secured liabilities,
 including repurchase agreements, securities loaned and other
 short-term secured borrowings, which are less sensitive to our
 credit ratings due to the underlying collateral. A portion of
 our short-term borrowings are secured under a master note
 lending program. These notes are similar in nature to other
 collateralized financing sources such as securities sold under
 agreements to repurchase. Refer to Note 9 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
 regarding our borrowings.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 56

Table of Contents

 We use unsecured liabilities to fund certain trading assets, as
 well as other long-dated assets not funded with equity. Our
 unsecured liabilities consist of the following:

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 DEC. 28, 2007

 DEC. 29, 2006

 Commercial paper

 $

 12,908

 $

 6,357

 Promissory notes

 2,750

 –

Other unsecured
short-term
borrowings(1)

 4,405

 1,953

Current portion
of long-term
borrowings(2)

 63,307

 37,720

 Total unsecured short-term borrowings

 83,370

 46,030

Senior
long-term
borrowings(3)

 156,370

 120,122

 Subordinated long-term borrowings

 10,887

 6,429

 Total unsecured long-term borrowings

 167,257

 126,551

 Deposits

 $

 103,987

 $

 84,124

 (1)

 Excludes $4.9 billion and
 $9.8 billion of secured short-term borrowings at
 December 28, 2007 and December 29, 2006, respectively;
 these short-term borrowings are represented under a master note
 lending program.

 (2)

 Excludes $1.7 billion and
 $460 million of the current portion of other subsidiary
 financing that is non-recourse or not guaranteed by
 ML & Co. at December 28, 2007 and
 December 29, 2006, respectively.

 (3)

 Excludes junior subordinated notes
 (related to trust preferred securities), current portion of
 long-term borrowings, secured long-term borrowings, and the
 long-term portion of other subsidiary financing that is
 non-recourse or not guaranteed by ML & Co.

 Our primary funding objectives are maintaining sufficient
 funding sources to support our existing business activities and
 future growth while ensuring that we have liquidity across
 market cycles and through periods of financial stress. To
 achieve our objectives, we have established a set of funding
 strategies that are described below:

 • 

 Diversify funding sources;

 • 

 Maintain sufficient long-term borrowings;

 • 

 Concentrate unsecured funding at ML & Co.;

 • 

 Use deposits as a source of funding; and

 • 

 Adhere to prudent governance principles.

 Diversification
 of Funding Sources

 We strive to diversify and expand our funding globally across
 programs, markets, currencies and investor bases. We issue debt
 through syndicated U.S. registered offerings,
 U.S. registered and unregistered medium-term note programs,
 non-U.S. medium-term
 note programs,

non-U.S. private
 placements, U.S. and

non-U.S. commercial
 paper and through other methods. We distribute a significant
 portion of our debt offerings through our retail and
 institutional sales forces to a large, diversified global
 investor base. Maintaining relationships with our investors is
 an important aspect of our funding strategy. We also make
 markets in our debt instruments to provide liquidity for
 investors.

 At December 28, 2007 and December 29, 2006 our total
 short- and long-term borrowings were issued in the following
 currencies:

 (USD EQUIVALENT IN MILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

 USD

 $

 165,285

 57

 %

 $

 120,852

 61

 %

 EUR

 74,207

 26

 43,323

 22

 JPY

 16,879

 6

 11,822

 6

 GBP

 9,303

 3

 10,228

 5

 AUD

 5,455

 2

 3,777

 1

 CAD

 5,953

 2

 2,727

 1

 CHF

 2,283

 1

 1,487

 1

 INR

 1,964

 1

 1,461

 1

Other(1)

 4,558

 2

 3,833

 2

 Total

 $

 285,887

 100

 %

 $

 199,510

 100

 %

 Note: Excludes junior subordinated notes (related to trust
 preferred securities).

 (1)

 Includes various other foreign
 currencies, none of which individually exceed 1% of total
 issuances.

 We also diversify our funding sources by issuing various types
 of debt instruments, including structured notes. Structured
 notes are debt obligations with returns that are linked to other
 debt or equity securities, indices, currencies or commodities.
 We typically hedge these notes with positions in derivatives
 and/or in
 the underlying instruments. We could be required to immediately
 settle certain structured note obligations for cash or other
 securities under certain circumstances, which we take into
 account for liquidity planning purposes. Structured notes
 outstanding were $59.0 billion and $33.8 billion at
 December 28, 2007 and December 29, 2006, respectively.

 page 57

Table of Contents

 Extendible notes are debt obligations that provide the holder an
 option to extend the note monthly but not beyond the stated
 final maturity date. These notes are included in the long-term
 borrowings while the time to the stated final maturity is
 greater than one year. Total extendible notes outstanding were
 $1.8 billion and $11.4 billion at December 28,
 2007 and December 29, 2006, respectively. Consistent with
 the market environment for this type of security, the majority
 of extendible notes holders elected not to extend their
 note’s maturity during the second half of 2007. The amount
 that has not been extended is included in the current portion of
 long-term borrowings.

 Maintenance of
 Sufficient Long-Term Borrowings

 An important objective of our asset-liability management is
 maintaining sufficient long-term borrowings to meet our
 long-term capital requirements. As such, we routinely issue debt
 in a variety of maturities and currencies to achieve cost
 efficient funding and an appropriate maturity profile. While the
 cost and availability of unsecured funding may be negatively
 impacted by general market conditions or by matters specific to
 the financial services industry or Merrill Lynch, we seek to
 mitigate this refinancing risk by actively managing the amount
 of our borrowings that we anticipate will mature within any one
 month or quarter.

 At December 28, 2007, the weighted average maturity of our
 long-term borrowings exceeded four years. The following chart
 presents our long-term borrowings maturity profile as of
 December 28, 2007 (quarterly for two years and annually
 thereafter):

 The $65 billion of long-term debt maturing in 2008 consists of
 the following:

 (DOLLARS IN BILLIONS)

 2008 consolidated unsecured long-term debt maturities

 $

 65.0

 Less: non-recourse debt and debt not guaranteed by ML
 & Co

 1.7

Less:
warrant
maturities
(1)

 10.1

 ML & Co. maximum long-term debt maturities in 2008

 53.2

Less: ML
& Co. debt that may potentially mature in 2008, final
maturity beyond
2008
(2)

 9.3

 ML & Co. contractual long-term debt maturities in 2008

 $

 43.9

 (1)

 Warrants are customer funded
 facilitation trades.

 (2)

 Consists of structured notes that
 are callable based on certain market triggers and our
 LYONs® that can be redeemed by holders in March 2008. See
 Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for futher
 information on our LYONs® and structured notes.

 Major components of the change in long-term borrowings,
 excluding junior subordinated debt (related to trust preferred
 securities), for 2007 and 2006 were as follows:

 (DOLLARS IN BILLIONS)

 2007

 2006

 Beginning of year

 $

 181.4

 $

 132.4

 Issuance and resale

 150.6

 86.8

 Settlement and repurchase

 (80.1

 )

 (42.2

 )

Other(1)

 9.1

 4.4

End of
year(2)

 $

 261.0

 $

 181.4

 (1)

 Relates to foreign exchange and
 other movements.

 (2)

 See Note 9 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for the long-term borrowings maturity
 schedule.

 Subordinated debt is an important component of our long-term
 borrowings. During 2007, ML & Co. issued
 $4.4 billion of subordinated debt in multiple currencies
 with maturities ranging from 2017 to 2037. This subordinated
 debt was issued to satisfy certain anticipated CSE capital
 requirements. All of ML & Co.’s subordinated debt
 is junior in right of payment to ML & Co.’s
 senior indebtedness.

 At December 28, 2007, senior and subordinated debt issued
 by ML & Co. or by subsidiaries and guaranteed by
 ML & Co., including short-term borrowings, totaled
 $250.5 billion. Except for the $2.2 billion of
 zero-coupon contingent convertible debt (Liquid Yield Option
 Notes

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 58

Table of Contents

 or “LYONs®”) outstanding at December 28,
 2007 and the three-year multi-currency, unsecured bank facility
 discussed in Committed Credit Facilities, senior and
 subordinated debt obligations issued by ML & Co. and
 senior debt issued by subsidiaries and guaranteed by
 ML & Co. do not contain provisions that could, upon an
 adverse change in ML & Co.’s credit rating,
 financial ratios, earnings, cash flows, or stock price, trigger
 a requirement for an early repayment, additional collateral
 support, changes in terms, acceleration of maturity, or the
 creation of an additional financial obligation. See Note 9
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
 information.

 We use derivative transactions to more closely match the
 duration of borrowings to the duration of the assets being
 funded, thereby enabling interest rate risk to be within limits
 set by our Market Risk Management group. Interest rate swaps
 also serve to convert our interest expense and effective
 borrowing rate principally to floating rate. We also enter into
 currency swaps to hedge assets that are not financed through
 debt issuance in the same currency. We hedge investments in
 subsidiaries in
 non-U.S. dollar
 currencies in whole or in part to mitigate foreign exchange
 translation adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive loss.
 See Notes 1 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 for further information.

 Concentration of
 Unsecured Funding at ML & Co.

 ML & Co. is the primary issuer of all unsecured,
 non-deposit financing instruments that we use predominantly to
 fund assets in subsidiaries, some of which are regulated. The
 primary benefits of this strategy are greater control, reduced
 funding costs, wider name recognition by investors, and greater
 flexibility to meet variable funding requirements of
 subsidiaries. Where regulations, time zone differences, or other
 business considerations make this impractical, certain
 subsidiaries enter into their own financing arrangements.

 Deposit
 Funding

 At December 28, 2007, our global bank subsidiaries had
 $104.0 billion in customer deposits, which provide a
 diversified and stable base for funding assets within those
 entities. Our U.S. deposit base of $76.6 billion
 includes an estimated $59.7 billion of FDIC-insured
 deposits, which we believe are less sensitive to our credit
 ratings. We predominantly source deposit funding from our
 customer base in the form of our bank sweep programs and time
 deposits. In addition, the acquisition of First Republic has
 further diversified and enhanced our bank subsidiaries deposit
 funding base.

 Deposits are not available as a source of funding to
 ML & Co. See Liquidity Risk in the 
Risk
 Management section for more information regarding our
 deposit liabilities.

 Prudent
 Governance

 We manage the growth and composition of our assets and set
 limits on the overall level of unsecured funding. Funding
 activities are subject to regular senior management review and
 control through Asset/Liability Committee meetings with treasury
 management and other independent risk and control groups.
 Through 2007 our funding strategy and practices were reviewed by
 the Risk Oversight Committee (“ROC”), our executive
 management and the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors.
 In 2008, the responsibility of the ROC in this regard has been
 assumed by the Regulatory Oversight and Controls Committee.

 Credit
 Ratings

 Our credit ratings affect the cost and availability of our
 unsecured funding, and it is our objective to maintain high
 quality credit ratings. In addition, credit ratings are
 important when we compete in certain markets and when we seek to
 engage in certain long-term transactions, including OTC
 derivatives. Factors that influence our credit ratings include
 the credit rating agencies’ assessment of the general
 operating environment, our relative positions in the markets in
 which we compete, our reputation, level and volatility of our
 earnings, our corporate governance and risk management policies,
 and our capital management practices.

 The following table sets forth ML & Co.’s
 unsecured credit ratings as of February 15, 2008. Rating
 agencies express outlooks from time to time on these credit
 ratings. Ratings from Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Investor
 Service, Inc., and Standard & Poor’s Ratings
 Services reflect one-notch downgrades from those agencies on
 October 24, 2007. Rating outlooks from those agencies
 remain negative, where they were placed on October 5, 2007.
 Also, on October 24, 2007, Dominion Bond Rating Service
 Ltd. affirmed the Company’s ratings and outlook as stable.
 On December 7, 2007, Rating & Investment
 Information, Inc. (Japan) downgraded the Company’s
 long-term and subordinated debt ratings. The outlook on these
 ratings remains negative, where they were placed on
 October 25, 2007. Following our announcement of fourth
 quarter and full-year 2007 results on January 17, 2008, all
 five agencies affirmed their ratings and outlooks.

 SENIOR

 PREFERRED

 DEBT

 SUBORDINATED

 STOCK

 COMMERCIAL

 RATING

 RATING AGENCY

 RATINGS

 DEBT RATINGS

 RATINGS

 PAPER RATINGS

 OUTLOOK

 Dominion Bond Rating Service Ltd. 

 AA (low

 )

 A (high

 )

 A

 R-1 (middle

 )

 Stable

 Fitch Ratings

 A+

 A

 A

 F1

 Negative

 Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. 

 A1

 A2

 A3

 P-1

 Negative

 Rating & Investment Information, Inc. (Japan)

 AA-

 A+

 Not Rated

 a-1+

 Negative

 Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services

 A+

 A

 A-

 A-1

 Negative

 page 59

Table of Contents

 In connection with certain OTC derivatives transactions and
 other trading agreements, we could be required to provide
 additional collateral to or terminate transactions with certain
 counterparties in the event of a downgrade of the senior debt
 ratings of ML & Co. The amount of additional
 collateral required depends on the contract and is usually a
 fixed incremental amount and/or the market value of the
 exposure. At December 28, 2007, the amount of additional
 collateral and termination payments that would be required for
 such derivatives transactions and trading agreements was
 approximately $4 billion in the event of a one-notch
 downgrade and approximately an additional $670 million in
 the event of a two-notch downgrade of ML & Co.’s
 long-term senior debt credit rating. Our liquidity risk analysis
 considers the impact of additional collateral outflows due to
 changes in ML & Co. credit ratings as well as for
 collateral that is owed by us and is available for payment, but
 has not been called for by our counterparties.

 Cash
 Flows

 Our previously issued Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
 the fiscal years ended December 29, 2006 and
 December 30, 2005 were restated to correct an overstatement
 of cash used for operating activities and a corresponding
 overstatement of cash provided by financing activities. Refer to
 Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 further information. This restatement has been reflected in the
 following discussion.

 Cash and cash equivalents of $41.3 billion at year-end 2007
 increased by $9.2 billion from 2006. Cash flows from
 financing activities provided $88.7 billion during 2007,
 primarily due to issuances and resales of long-term borrowings,
 net of settlements and repurchases of $71.8 billion, cash
 from deposits of $9.9 billion and cash from the issuance of
 common stock of $4.8 billion, offset by common stock
 repurchases of $5.3 billion. Cash flows used for investing
 activities during 2007 were $7.1 billion and were primarily
 due to net cash used for available-for-sale securities of
 $5.6 billion and other investments of $5.0 billion,
 offset by loans held for investment. Cash flows used for
 operating activities during 2007 were $72.4 billion and
 were primarily due to net cash used for resale agreements and
 securities borrowed transactions and net cash used for loans,
 notes and mortgages held for sale, partially offset by cash
 provided by trading liabilities, repurchase agreements and
 securities loaned transactions.

 Our cash and cash equivalents increased $17.5 billion to
 $32.1 billion at year-end 2006. Cash flows from financing
 activities provided $52.3 billion in 2006, primarily due to
 the issuances and resales of long-term borrowings, net of
 settlements and repurchases, of $45.3 billion and cash from
 commercial paper and short-term borrowings of $9.1 billion.
 Cash flows used for investing activities in 2006 were
 $11.0 billion and were primarily due to purchases of
 available-for-sale securities, net of sales and maturities, of
 $2.0 billion, and cash used for other investments of
 $6.5 billion. Cash flows used for operating activities in
 2006 were $23.8 billion and were primarily due to net cash
 used for trading assets and liabilities of $45.8 billion,
 offset by increases in customer payables of $13.8 billion.

   Risk
 Management

    Risk
 Management Philosophy

 Risk-taking is integral to the core businesses in which we
 operate. In the course of conducting our business operations, we
 are exposed to a variety of risks including market, credit,
 liquidity, operational and other risks that are material and
 require comprehensive controls and ongoing oversight. Senior
 managers of our core businesses are responsible and accountable
 for management of the risks associated with their business
 activities. In addition, independent risk groups monitor market
 risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk.

 We have taken a number of steps to reinforce a culture of
 disciplined risk-taking. First, in September 2007, we integrated
 the independent control functions of market and credit risk in
 the new Global Risk Management group under a single Chief Risk
 Officer, the former head of Global Credit and Commitments, who
 now reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Within
 Global Risk Management, we have combined the Credit and Market
 Risk teams in order to take a more integrated approach to the
 risks of each business. In addition, in January 2008, we
 announced the hiring of a senior, experienced risk professional
 who will join Merrill Lynch as co-Chief Risk Officer. The
 co-Chief Risk Officers will report jointly to the Chief
 Executive Officer. Global Treasury, which manages liquidity
 risk, and the Operational Risk Group, which manages operational
 risk, continue to fall under the management responsibility of
 our Chief Financial Officer.

 Second, in January 2008, our Chief Executive Officer established
 a weekly risk meeting attended by the heads of the trading
 businesses, the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Financial Officer,
 and a Vice Chairman (the “Weekly Risk Review”). At
 this Weekly Risk Review, updates from the businesses and Global
 Risk Management on risk-related matters are provided with
 particular attention paid to risk concentrations, liquidity
 concerns, efficient balance sheet usage and strategic
 risk-return considerations.

    Risk
 Management Process

 Global Risk Management, Global Treasury and Operational Risk
 Management work to ensure risks are properly identified,
 measured, monitored, and managed throughout Merrill Lynch
 together with other independent control groups, including
 Corporate Audit, Finance and the Office of General Counsel. To
 accomplish this, we have established a risk management process
 that includes:

 • 

 A risk governance structure that defines the responsibilities of
 the independent groups that monitor risk and the oversight
 activities of the board committees, the Regulatory Oversight and
 Controls Committee and Weekly Risk Review;

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 60

Table of Contents

 • 

 A regular review of the risk management process by the Audit
 Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Audit
 Committee”) as well as a regular review of credit, market
 and liquidity risks and processes by the Finance Committee of
 the Board of Directors (the “Finance Committee”);

 • 

 Clearly defined risk management policies and procedures
 supported by a rigorous analytical framework;

 • 

 Communication and coordination among the businesses, executive
 management, and risk functions while maintaining strict
 segregation of responsibilities, controls, and oversight; and

 • 

 Clearly articulated risk tolerance levels, which are included
 within the framework established by Global Risk Management and
 are consistent with our business strategy, capital structure,
 and current and anticipated market conditions.

 Independent risk and control groups interact with the core
 businesses to establish and maintain this overall risk
 management control process. We are reinforcing risk management
 control processes to ensure that our risk tolerance is
 well-defined and understood by our businesses as well as by our
 executive management. In particular, we are working to ensure
 that all material single-name, sector and product concentrations
 are appropriately recognized and managed. We are undertaking
 efforts to ensure that all highly correlated risks across
 different products and strategies are appropriately aggregated
 and monitored. We are also paying special attention to ensure
 that the risks taken by any business are well proportioned to
 its earnings potential. While no risk management system can ever
 be absolutely complete, the goal of these independent risk and
 control group processes is to mitigate risk-related losses so
 that they fall within acceptable, predefined levels, under
 foreseeable scenarios. Overall, these enhancements include
 improvements to our methodologies and changes in risk management
 and governance structure that are intended to bring experience
 and seasoned judgment to risk management decisions.

    Risk
 Governance Structure

 Our risk governance structure is comprised of the Audit
 Committee and the Finance Committee of the Board, the
 Regulatory, Oversight and Controls Committee, the business
 units, the independent risk and control groups, various other
 corporate governance committees as well as the active management
 of risk issues by senior management at the Weekly Risk Review.
 In 2008 the responsibilities that were held by the former Risk
 Oversight Committee (the “ROC”) through 2007 were
 assumed by Global Risk Management, the newly established
 Regulatory Oversight and Controls Committee and the Weekly Risk
 Review. This structure is intended to provide more effective
 management of risk by senior business managers and Global Risk
 Management jointly and clearer accountability within the risk
 governance structure.

 Board of
 Directors Committees

 At the Board level, two committees are responsible for oversight
 of the management of the risks and risk policies and procedures
 of the firm. The Audit Committee, which is composed entirely of
 independent directors, oversees management’s policies and
 processes for managing all major categories of risk affecting
 the firm, including operational, legal and reputational risks
 and management’s actions to assess and control such risks.
 The Finance Committee, which is also composed entirely of
 independent directors, reviews the firm’s policies and
 procedures for managing exposure to market, credit and liquidity
 risk in general and, when appropriate, reviews significant risk
 exposures and trends in these categories of risk. Both the Audit
 Committee and the Finance Committee are provided with regular
 risk updates from management and the independent control groups.

 Senior Management
 and Weekly Risk Review

 Senior Managers discuss and review regular updates on a variety
 of risk related matters in the Weekly Risk Review. Particular
 attention is paid to risk concentrations, liquidity concerns,
 efficient balance sheet usage and strategic risk-return
 considerations. Risk tolerance levels established by Global Risk
 Management are also reviewed by senior management in the context
 of the Weekly Risk Review as necessary.

 Global Risk
 Management

 Global Risk Management establishes our market and credit risk
 tolerance levels, which are represented in part by framework
 limits. These limits are presented periodically to the Weekly
 Risk Review for Senior Managers’ review. Risk framework
 exceptions and violations are reported and investigated at
 predefined levels of management.

 Risk Oversight
 Committee (“ROC”)

 Through 2007, the ROC, which was comprised of senior business
 and control managers and chaired by our Chief Financial Officer
 and Chief Risk Officer, was charged with establishing risk
 tolerance levels for the firm and authorizing material changes
 to our risk profile. The ROC’s mandate was to monitor the
 risks that we assumed and confirm they were managed within the
 established tolerance levels and to verify that appropriate
 processes were in place to identify, measure, monitor and manage
 our risks.

 Despite the foregoing, losses on U.S. sub-prime residential
 mortgage-related exposures and U.S. ABS CDOs in 2007 reflected a
 significant concentration in securities that accumulated as a
 result of our activities as a leading underwriter of CDOs. Our
 stress tests and other risk measures significantly
 underestimated the magnitude of actual loss from the
 unprecedented credit market environment over

 page 61

Table of Contents

 the second half of 2007, in particular the extreme dislocation
 that affected U.S. sub-prime residential mortgage-related
 and U.S. ABS CDO positions. In addition to actions taken in
 2007, we continue to pursue opportunities to reduce our
 remaining exposure to these instruments but options to do so are
 limited due to the current illiquidity of the market for these
 assets. See U.S. ABS CDO and Other Mortgage Related
 Activities on page 34.

 Regulatory
 Oversight and Controls Committee (“ROCC”) and Other
 Governance Committees

 We are establishing the Regulatory Oversight and Controls
 Committee in 2008 to oversee management procedures and controls
 related to risk, including the frameworks for managing market,
 credit, and operational risks, internal audit plans and
 information technology controls. The ROCC will oversee the
 activities of a number of additional existing governance
 committees, including new product, transaction review, and
 monitoring and oversight committees, that create policy, review
 activity, and verify that new and existing business initiatives
 remain within established risk tolerance levels. Representatives
 of the independent risk and control groups participate as
 members of these committees along with members from the
 businesses. The ROCC will report periodically to the Audit
 Committee of the Board.

 We will continue to take risk as appropriate and expand
 risk-taking judiciously where there are clear opportunities and
 where the business skill-set is in place to manage and
 understand the risk and its changing nature. Business lines will
 continue to have responsibility and accountability for managing
 the risk, and we will continue to deepen capabilities in a
 number of areas. In addition, we believe that the high level of
 focus on risk by our Chief Executive Officer and other senior
 managers, the additional senior management resources in the form
 of dedicated co-Chief Risk Officers, the integration of the
 credit and market risk functions, and our emphasis on
 reinforcing a culture of disciplined risk taking are enhancing
 our capacity to monitor the associated risk levels and
 conformity to corporate risk guidelines and risk tolerance
 levels.

    Market
 Risk

 We define market risk as the potential change in value of
 financial instruments caused by fluctuations in interest rates,
 exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, credit spreads,
 and/or other
 risks.

 Global Risk Management and other independent risk and control
 groups are responsible for approving the products and markets in
 which we transact and take risk. Moreover, Global Risk
 Management is responsible for identifying the risks to which
 these business units will be exposed in these approved products
 and markets. Global Risk Management uses a variety of
 quantitative methods to assess the risk of our positions and
 portfolios. In particular, Global Risk Management quantifies the
 sensitivities of our current portfolios to changes in market
 variables. These sensitivities are then utilized in the context
 of historical data to estimate earnings and loss distributions
 that our current portfolios would have incurred throughout the
 historical period. From these distributions, Global Risk
 Management derives a number of useful risk statistics, including
 value at risk (“VaR”) which are used to measure and
 monitor market risk exposures in our trading portfolios.

 VaR is a statistical measure of the potential loss in the fair
 value of a portfolio due to adverse movements in underlying risk
 factors. We have a Risk Framework that is designed to define and
 communicate our market risk tolerance and broad overall limits
 across Merrill Lynch by defining and constraining exposure to
 specific asset classes, market risk factors and VaR.

 The VaR disclosed in the accompanying table (excluding
 U.S. sub-prime residential ABS CDO net exposures) is an
 estimate of the amount that our current trading portfolios could
 lose with a specified degree of confidence, over a given time
 interval. To calculate VaR, we aggregate sensitivities to market
 risk factors and combine them with a database of historical
 market factor movements to simulate a series of profits and
 losses. The level of loss that is exceeded in that
 series 5% of the time is used as the estimate for the 95%
 confidence level VaR. The overall VaR amounts are presented
 across major risk categories, which include exposure to
 volatility risk found in certain products, such as options.

 The calculation of VaR requires numerous assumptions and thus
 VaR should not be viewed as a precise measure of risk. Rather,
 it should be evaluated in the context of known limitations.
 These limitations include but are not limited to the following:

 • 

 VaR measures do not convey the magnitude of extreme events;

 • 

 Historical data that forms the basis of VaR may fail to predict
 current and future market volatility; and

 • 

 VaR does not fully reflect the effects of market illiquidity
 (i.e., the inability to sell or hedge a position over a
 relatively long period).

 To complement VaR and in recognition of its inherent
 limitations, we use a number of additional risk measurement
 methods and tools as part of our overall market risk management
 process. These include stress testing and event risk analysis,
 which examine portfolio behavior under significant adverse
 market conditions including scenarios that may result in
 material losses for Merrill Lynch. As a result of the
 unprecedented credit market environment during 2007, in
 particular the extreme dislocation that affected
 U.S. sub-prime residential mortgage-related and ABS CDO
 positions, VaR, stress testing and other risk measures
 significantly underestimated the

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 62

Table of Contents

 magnitude of actual loss.
 Historically, these AAA rated ABS CDO securities had not
 experienced a significant loss of value. We are committed to the
 continuous development of additional risk measurement methods to
 date and plan to continue our investment in their development in
 light of recent market experience. Nevertheless, we also
 recognize that no risk metrics will exhaust the range of
 potential market stress events and, therefore, management will
 engage in a process of continuous re-evaluation of our
 approaches to risk based on experience and judgment.

 The table that follows presents our average and year-end VaR for
 trading instruments for 2007 and 2006. Additionally, high and
 low VaR for 2007 is presented independently for each risk
 category and overall. Because high and low VaR numbers for these
 risk categories may have occurred on different days, high and
 low numbers for diversification benefit would not be meaningful.

 The aggregate VaR for our trading portfolios is less than the
 sum of the VaRs for individual risk categories because movements
 in different risk categories occur at different times and,
 historically, extreme movements have not occurred in all risk
 categories simultaneously. In addition, the difference between
 the sum of the VaRs for individual risk categories and the VaR
 calculated for all risk categories is shown in the following
 table and may be viewed as a measure of the diversification
 within our portfolios.

 Given the market experiences of U.S. sub-prime residential
 ABS CDO and residual securities, the modeling of these positions
 using traditional VaR measures is of limited interpretive value
 due to the known limitations of VaR enumerated above and the
 illiquidity of the positions themselves. Therefore, for 2007,
 the scope of the portfolio covered by the trading VaR has been
 changed to exclude the U.S. sub-prime residential ABS CDO
 and residual securities positions. The excluded positions are
 those shown in the U.S. ABS CDO net exposures and losses
 table on page 37 and the residuals line item in the
 U.S. sub-prime residential mortgage-related net exposures
 and losses table on page 35.

 Trading Value at
 Risk Excluding U.S. Sub-Prime Residential ABS CDO and
 Residual Securities Positions

 YEAR-END

 DAILY AVERAGE

 HIGH

 LOW

 YEAR-END

 DAILY AVERAGE

 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

 2007

 2007

 2007

 2007

 2006

 2006

Trading
Value-at-Risk
(1)

 Interest rate and credit spread

 $

 52

 $

 52

 $

 77

 $

 36

 $

 48

 $

 48

 Equity

 26

 28

 47

 13

 29

 19

 Commodity

 15

 18

 26

 13

 13

 11

 Currency

 5

 5

 11

 2

 3

 4

Subtotal(2)

 98

 103

 93

 82

 Diversification benefit

 (33

 )

 (38

 )

 (41

 )

 (32

 )

 Overall

 $

 65

 $

 65

 $

 92

 $

 41

 $

 52

 $

 50

 (1)

 Based on a 95% confidence level and
 a one-day
 holding period.

 (2)

 Subtotals are not provided for
 highs and lows as they are not meaningful.

 Daily average VaR (excluding U.S. sub-prime residential ABS
 CDO and residual securities) was higher in 2007 than in 2006 due
 to growth in risk exposures in all risk categories. The increase
 was accentuated by an increase in the volatility of several
 major markets during the second half of 2007 (which is captured
 in the historical data used to calculate trading VaR).

 If U.S. sub-prime residential ABS CDO and residual
 securities positions were included under traditional VaR
 treatment, the daily average VaR for 2007 would have been
 $83 million and the 2007 year-end VaR would have been
 $157 million due to the increase in volatility of the
 sub-prime residential indices used to model the excluded
 positions. However, as noted, we believe that the application of
 traditional VaR techniques is not reflective of the true levels
 of risk in these positions.

 The histogram below shows the distribution of daily net revenues
 from our trading businesses (principal transactions and net
 interest profit) for 2007 excluding U.S. sub-prime ABS CDO
 and residual securities.

 page 63

Table of Contents

 Non-Trading
 Market Risk

 Non-trading market risk includes the risks associated with
 certain non-trading activities, including investment securities,
 securities financing transactions and certain equity and
 principal investments. Interest rate risks related to funding
 activities are also included; however, potential gains and
 losses due to changes in credit spreads on the firm’s own
 funding instruments are excluded. Risks related to lending
 activities are covered separately in the Counterparty Credit
 Risk section that follows.

 The primary market risk of non-trading investment securities and
 repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements is expressed as
 sensitivity to changes in the general level of credit spreads,
 which are defined as the differences in the yields on debt
 instruments from relevant LIBOR/Swap rates. Non-trading
 investment securities include securities that are classified as
 available-for-sale and held-to-maturity. At the end of 2007, the
 total credit spread sensitivity of these instruments was a
 pre-tax loss of $24 million in economic value for an
 increase of one basis point, which is one one-hundredth of a
 percent, in credit spreads, which is unchanged from that at the
 end of 2006. This change in economic value is a measurement of
 economic risk which may differ significantly in magnitude and
 timing from the actual profit or loss that would be realized
 under generally accepted accounting principles.

 The interest rate risk associated with the non-trading
 positions, together with funding activities, is expressed as
 sensitivity to changes in the general level of interest rates.
 Our funding activities include LYONs®, trust preferred
 securities and other long-term debt issuances together with
 interest rate hedges. At the end of 2007, the net interest rate
 sensitivity of these positions is a pre-tax loss in economic
 value of $1 million for a parallel one basis point increase
 in interest rates across all yield curves, compared to
 $2 million at the end of 2006. This change in economic
 value is a measurement of economic risk which may differ
 significantly in magnitude and timing from the actual profit or
 loss that would be realized under generally accepted accounting
 principles.

 Other non-trading equity investments include direct private
 equity interests, private equity fund investments, hedge fund
 interests, certain direct and indirect real estate investments
 and other principal investments. These investments are broadly
 sensitive to general price levels in the equity or commercial
 real estate markets as well as to specific business, financial
 and credit factors which influence the performance and valuation
 of each investment uniquely. Refer to Note 5 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
 these investments.

    Counterparty
 Credit Risk

 We define counterparty credit risk as the potential for loss
 that can occur as a result of an individual, counterparty or
 issuer being unable or unwilling to honor its contractual
 obligations to us. The Credit Risk Framework is the primary tool
 that we use to communicate firm-wide credit limits and monitor
 exposure by constraining the magnitude and tenor of exposure to
 counterparty and issuer families. Additionally, we have country
 risk limits that constrain total aggregate exposure across all
 counterparties and issuers (including sovereign entities) for a
 given country within predefined tolerance levels.

 Global Risk Management assesses the creditworthiness of existing
 and potential individual clients, institutional counterparties
 and issuers, and determines firm-wide credit risk levels within
 the Credit Risk Framework among other tools. This group reviews
 and monitors specific transactions as well as portfolio and
 other credit risk concentrations both within and across
 businesses. This group is also responsible for ongoing
 monitoring of credit quality and limit compliance and actively
 works with all of our business units to manage and mitigate
 credit risk.

 Global Risk Management uses a variety of methodologies to set
 limits on exposure and potential loss resulting from an
 individual, counterparty or issuer failing to fulfill its
 contractual obligations. The group performs analyses in the
 context of industrial, regional, and global economic trends and
 incorporates portfolio and concentration effects when
 determining tolerance levels. Credit risk limits take into
 account measures of both current and potential exposure as well
 as potential loss and are set and monitored by broad risk type,
 product type, and maturity. Credit risk mitigation techniques
 include, where appropriate, the right to require initial
 collateral or margin, the right to terminate transactions or to
 obtain collateral should unfavorable events occur, the right to
 call for collateral when certain exposure thresholds are
 exceeded, the right to call for third party guarantees and the
 purchase of credit default protection. With senior management
 involvement, we conduct regular portfolio reviews, monitor
 counterparty creditworthiness, and evaluate potential
 transaction risks with a view toward early problem
 identification and protection against unacceptable
 credit-related losses. We continue to invest additional
 resources to enhance Merrill Lynch’s methods and policies
 to assist in managing our credit risk and to address evolving
 regulatory requirements.

 Senior members of Global Risk Management chair various
 commitment committees with membership across business, control
 and support units. These committees review and approve
 commitments, underwritings and syndication strategies related to
 debt, syndicated loans, equity, real estate and asset-based
 finance, among other products and activities.

 Merrill Lynch 2007 Annual Report

 page 64

Table of Contents

 Commercial
 Lending

 Our commercial lending activities consist primarily of corporate
 and institutional lending, asset-based finance, commercial
 finance, and commercial real estate related activities. In
 evaluating certain potential commercial lending transactions, we
 use a risk-adjusted-return-on-capital model in addition to other
 methodologies. We typically provide corporate and institutional
 lending facilities to clients for general corporate purposes,
 backup liquidity lines, bridge financings, and
 acquisition-related activities. We often syndicate corporate and
 institutional loans through assignments and participations to
 unaffiliated third parties. While these facilities may be
 supported by credit enhancing arrangements such as property
 liens or claims on operating assets, we generally expect
 repayment through other sources including cash flow
 and/or
 recapitalization. As part of portfolio management activities,
 Global Risk Management mitigates certain exposures in the
 corporate and institutional lending portfolio by purchasing
 single name and index credit default swaps as well as by
 evaluating and selectively executing loan sales in the secondary
 markets.

 Asset-based finance facilities are typically secured by
 financial assets such as mortgages, auto loans, leases, credit
 card and other receivables. Clients often use these facilities
 for the origination and purchase of assets during a warehousing
 period leading up to securitization. Credit assessment for these
 facilities relies primarily on the amount, asset type, quality,
 and liquidity of the supporting collateral, as the collateral is
 the expected source of repayment. Limits are monitored against
 potential loss upon default taking these factors into
 consideration.

 Our commercial finance activities primarily consist of corporate
 finance, healthcare finance, equipment finance and commercial
 real estate lending to qualifying business clients.
 Substantially all of these facilities are secured by liens on
 property, plant, and equipment, third party guarantees or other
 similar arrangements. Our other commercial real estate related
 activities consist of commercial mortgage originations and other
 extensions of credit connected to the financing of commercial