Difficult Conditions in the Global Capital Markets and the Economy Generally May Materially Adversely Affect
Our Business and Results of Operations and These Conditions May Not Improve in the Near Future 

Our
business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. Stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset
classes can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. Global market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices,
real estate markets, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, deflation and inflation, all affect the business and economic environment and,
ultimately, the amount and profitability of our business. Disruptions in one market or asset class can also spread to other markets or asset classes. Upheavals in the financial markets can also affect our business through their effects on general
levels of economic activity, employment and customer behavior. While our diversified business mix and geographically diverse business operations partially mitigate these risks, correlation across regions, countries and global market factors may
reduce the benefits of diversification. 

Volatile conditions have continued to characterize financial markets
at times, and not all global financial markets are functioning normally. Significant market volatility, and government actions taken in response, may exacerbate some of the risks we face. Beginning in 2010 and continuing throughout 2011, concerns
increased about capital markets and the solvency of certain European Union member states, including Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece and Spain (“Europe’s perimeter region”), and of financial institutions that have significant direct
or indirect exposure to debt issued by these countries. This, in turn, created market volatility which will continue to affect the performance of various asset classes in 2012, and perhaps longer, until there is an ultimate resolution of these
sovereign debt-related concerns. As a result of concerns about the ability of Europe’s perimeter region to service their sovereign debt, these countries have experienced credit ratings downgrades, including the downgrade of Greece’s
sovereign debt in July 2011 by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (“S&P”) to Ca and CC ratings, respectively — rating designations of likely in, or very
near, default. On February 27, 2012, S&P downgraded Greece’s credit rating to SD, a rating of selective default. Despite support programs for Europe’s perimeter region, concerns about the ability to service sovereign debt
subsequently expanded to other European Union member states. As a result, in late 2011 and early 2012, several other European Union member states have experienced credit ratings downgrades or have had their credit ratings outlook changed to
negative. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Investments — Current Environment.” The Japanese economy, to which we face substantial exposure given our operations
there, was significantly negatively impacted by the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami. Although we expect modest growth in the Japanese economy during 2012, disruptions to the Japanese economy are having, and will continue to have, negative impacts
on the overall global economy, not all of which can be foreseen. Although the August 2011 downgrade by S&P of U.S. Treasury securities initially had an adverse effect on financial markets, the extent of the longer-term impact cannot be
predicted. In November 2011, Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”) warned that it may in the future downgrade the U.S. credit rating unless action is taken to reduce the national debt of the U.S. It is possible that the August 2011 S&P downgrade and
any future downgrades, as well as continued concerns about U.S. fiscal policy and the trajectory of the national debt of the U.S., could have severe repercussions to the U.S. and global credit and financial markets, further exacerbate concerns over
sovereign debt of other countries and could disrupt economic activity in the U.S. and elsewhere. See “— Concerns Over U.S. Fiscal Policy and the Trajectory of the National Debt of the U.S., as well as Rating Agency Downgrades of U.S.
Treasury Securities, Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Investments —
Current Environment.” 

Our revenues and net investment income are likely to remain under pressure in
uncertain financial market conditions and as a result of low interest rates and our profit margins could erode. Also, in the event of extreme 

32 

Table of Contents

prolonged market events, such as the recent global credit crisis, we could incur significant capital and/or operating losses. Even in the absence of a market downturn, we are exposed to
substantial risk of loss due to market volatility. 

We are a significant writer of variable insurance products
and certain other products issued through separate accounts. The account values of these products decrease as a result of declining equity markets. Decreases in account values reduce fees generated by these products, cause the amortization of
deferred policy acquisition costs (“DAC”) to accelerate and could increase the level of insurance liabilities we must carry to support such products issued with any associated guarantees. 

Factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital
markets, deflation and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and, ultimately, the amount and profitability of our business. In an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate
earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for our financial and insurance products could be adversely affected. Group insurance, in particular, is affected by the higher unemployment rate. In addition, we may
experience an elevated incidence of claims and lapses or surrenders of policies. Our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. Adverse changes in the economy could affect earnings
negatively and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The recent financial crisis has precipitated, and may continue to raise the possibility of, legislative, judicial, regulatory and other governmental actions. We cannot predict whether or when such actions
may occur, nor can we predict what ultimate impact, if any, either such actions or any of the legislative, judicial, regulatory and other governmental actions of the last several years could have on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. See “— Governmental and Regulatory Actions for the Purpose of Stabilizing and Revitalizing the Financial Markets and Protecting Investors and Consumers May Not Achieve the Intended Effect or Could Adversely Affect Our
Competitive Position,” “— Our Insurance, Brokerage and Banking Businesses Are Highly Regulated, and Changes in Regulation and in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies May Reduce Our Profitability and Limit Our Growth,”
“— Various Aspects of Dodd-Frank Could Impact Our Business Operations, Capital Requirements and Profitability and Limit Our Growth,” and “— Competitive Factors May Adversely Affect Our Market Share and Profitability.”

Concerns Over U.S. Fiscal Policy and the Trajectory of the National Debt of the U.S., as well as Rating Agency
Downgrades of U.S. Treasury Securities, Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Concerns over U.S. fiscal policy and the trajectory of the national debt could have severe repercussions to the U.S. and global credit and financial markets, further exacerbate concerns over sovereign
debt of other countries and disrupt economic activity in the U.S. and elsewhere. As a result, our access to, or cost of, liquidity may deteriorate. 

In August 2011, S&P downgraded the AAA rating on U.S. Treasury securities to AA+ with a negative outlook, while Moody’s affirmed the Aaa rating on U.S. Treasury securities, but with a negative
outlook. In October 2011, Moody’s affirmed its August 2011 ratings, but revised its negative outlook to stable. In November 2011, Fitch affirmed its AAA rating on U.S. Treasury securities but changed its U.S. credit rating outlook to negative
from stable, citing the failure of a special Congressional committee to agree on certain deficit reduction measures and warning that it may in the future downgrade the U.S. credit rating unless action is taken to reduce the national debt of the U.S.

As a result of downgrades of U.S. Treasury securities, the market value of some of our investments may
decrease, and our capital adequacy could be adversely affected, which could require us to raise additional capital during a period of distress in financial markets, potentially at a higher cost. Further downgrades, together with the sustained
current trajectory of the national debt of the U.S., would significantly exacerbate the risks we face and any resulting adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including those

33 

Table of Contents

described under “— Difficult Conditions in the Global Capital Markets and the Economy Generally May Materially Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations and These
Conditions May Not Improve in the Near Future,” “— Adverse Capital and Credit Market Conditions May Significantly Affect Our Ability to Meet Liquidity Needs, Access to Capital and Cost of Capital,” “— Our Participation
in a Securities Lending Program Subjects Us to Potential Liquidity and Other Risks” and “— The Determination of the Amount of Allowances and Impairments Taken on Our Investments is Subjective and Could Materially Impact Our Results of
Operations or Financial Position.” We cannot predict whether or when these adverse consequences may occur, what other unforeseen consequences may result, or the extent, severity and duration of the impact of such consequences on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Governmental and Regulatory Actions for the Purpose of Stabilizing and
Revitalizing the Financial Markets and Protecting Investors and Consumers May Not Achieve the Intended Effect or Could Adversely Affect Our Competitive Position 

In recent years, Congress, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the U.S. Treasury and other agencies of the U.S. federal
government have taken a number of increasingly aggressive actions (including a series of interest rate reductions that began in the second half of 2007) intended to provide liquidity to financial institutions and markets, to avert a loss of investor
confidence in particular troubled institutions, to prevent or contain the spread of the financial crisis and to spur economic growth. Most of these programs have largely run their course or been discontinued. More likely to be relevant to us are the
monetary policy implemented by the Federal Reserve and the implementation of Dodd-Frank, which will significantly change financial regulation in the U.S. in a number of areas that could affect us. Given the large number of provisions of Dodd-Frank
that must be implemented through regulatory action and the delay with which some aspects of this implementation are taking place, we cannot predict what impact this could have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The
impact of Dodd-Frank implementation will also be affected by MetLife Bank’s pending actions to exit the depository business, MetLife Bank’s decision to exit the forward mortgage origination business, MetLife, Inc.’s intention to
deregister as a bank holding company, and Dodd-Frank rulemaking initiatives relating to non-bank systemically important financial institutions. See “— Various Aspects of Dodd-Frank Could Impact Our Business Operations, Capital Requirements
and Profitability and Limit Our Growth” and “Business — U.S. Regulation — Dodd-Frank and Other Legislative and Regulatory Developments.” 

The Federal Reserve Board has taken a number of actions in recent years to spur economic activity by keeping interest
rates low and may take further actions to influence interest rates in the future, which may have an impact on the pricing levels of risk-bearing investments, and may adversely impact the level of product sales. There can be no assurance that these
actions will have the intended effect or what impact, if any, these actions could have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, the U.S. federal government (including the FDIC) and private lenders have instituted programs to reduce the monthly payment obligations of mortgagors and/or reduce the principal payable on
residential mortgage loans. As a result of such programs or of any legislation requiring loan modifications, we may need to maintain or increase our engagement in similar activities in order to comply with program or statutory requirements and to
remain competitive. Increased attention is also being paid to the practices of lenders in connection with the mortgage modification process. 

We cannot predict whether the funds made available by the U.S. federal government and its agencies, or other actions taken by the government, will stabilize or further revive the financial markets or harm
them or, if the U.S. federal government decides to distribute additional amounts, either by Federal Reserve Board action or by Congressional appropriation, whether those additional actions will have positive or negative effects. 

The choices made by the U.S. Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC in their distribution of funds under any future
asset purchase programs, as well as any decisions made regarding the imposition of additional regulation on large financial institutions may have, over time, the effect of supporting or burdening some aspects of the financial services industry more
than others. Some of our competitors have received, or may in the future 

34 

Table of Contents

receive, benefits under one or more of the federal government’s programs. This could adversely affect our competitive position. See “— Our Insurance, Brokerage and Banking
Businesses Are Highly Regulated, and Changes in Regulation and in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies May Reduce Our Profitability and Limit Our Growth,” “— Governmental and Regulatory Actions for the Purpose of Stabilizing and
Revitalizing the Financial Markets and Protecting Investors and Consumers May Not Achieve the Intended Effect or Could Adversely Affect Our Competitive Position,” and “— Competitive Factors May Adversely Affect Our Market Share and
Profitability.” 

Adverse Capital and Credit Market Conditions May Significantly Affect Our Ability to Meet
Liquidity Needs, Access to Capital and Cost of Capital 

The capital and credit markets are sometimes
subject to periods of extreme volatility and disruption. Such volatility and disruption could cause liquidity and credit capacity for certain issuers to be limited. 

We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our debt and dividends on our capital stock, maintain our
securities lending activities and replace certain maturing liabilities. Without sufficient liquidity, we will be forced to curtail our operations, and our business will suffer. The principal sources of our liquidity are insurance premiums, annuity
considerations, deposit funds, and cash flow from our investment portfolio and assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily convertible into cash. Sources of liquidity in normal markets also include short-term instruments such as
funding agreements and commercial paper. Sources of capital in normal markets include long-term instruments, medium- and long-term debt, junior subordinated debt securities, capital securities and equity securities. 

In the event market or other conditions have an adverse impact on our capital and liquidity, or any required regulatory
stress-testing indicates that such conditions could have such an impact beyond expectations and our current resources do not satisfy our needs or regulatory requirements, we may have to seek additional financing. The availability of additional
financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, regulatory considerations, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, our
credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects if we incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity
decreases due to a market downturn. Similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. Our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient and, in such case, we
may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. 

Our liquidity
requirements may change if, among other things, we are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice under securities lending agreements. 

Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may also limit our access to capital required to
operate our business, most significantly our insurance operations. Such market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities; satisfy regulatory capital requirements (under both insurance and banking laws);
and access the capital necessary to grow our business. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations — Industry Trends — Regulatory Changes.” See also “Business — U.S.
Regulation — Financial Holding Company Regulation” for information relating to the possible impact on us of Regulation YY, Basel II and Basel III, “Business — U.S. Regulation — Dodd-Frank and Other Legislative and Regulatory
Developments” for a discussion of the possible impact on us of Dodd-Frank, and “Business — International Regulation” for information relating to Solvency II. As a result, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue different
types of securities than we would have otherwise, less effectively deploy such capital, issue shorter tenor securities than we prefer, or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our
financial flexibility. Our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and statutory capital position could be materially adversely affected by disruptions in the financial markets. 

35 

Table of Contents

Our Insurance, Brokerage and Banking Businesses Are Highly Regulated, and Changes in
Regulation and in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies May Reduce Our Profitability and Limit Our Growth 

Insurance Regulation — U.S. Our insurance operations are subject to a wide variety of insurance and other laws and regulations. See “Business — U.S. Regulation — Insurance
Regulation.” State insurance laws regulate most aspects of our U.S. insurance businesses, and our U.S insurance subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance regulators of the states in which they are domiciled and the states in which they are
licensed. 

State laws in the U.S. grant insurance regulatory and other state authorities broad administrative
powers with respect to, among other things: 

•

 licensing companies and agents to transact business; 

•

 calculating the value of assets to determine compliance with statutory requirements; 

•

 mandating certain insurance benefits; 

•

 regulating certain premium rates; 

•

 reviewing and approving policy forms; 

•

 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution
arrangements and payment of inducements, and identifying and paying to the states benefits and other property that is not claimed by the owners; 

•

 regulating advertising; 

•

 protecting privacy; 

•

 establishing statutory capital and reserve requirements and solvency standards; 

•

 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and minimum rates for guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance policies and annuity
contracts; 

•

 approving changes in control of insurance companies; 

•

 restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates; and 

•

 regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments. 

State insurance guaranty associations have the right to assess insurance companies doing business in their state for
funds to help pay the obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. Because the amount and timing of an assessment is beyond our control, the liabilities that we have currently established for these potential
liabilities may not be adequate. See “Business — U.S. Regulation — Insurance Regulation — Guaranty Associations and Similar Arrangements.” 

State insurance regulators and the NAIC regularly re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance
companies and their products. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, that are made for the benefit of the consumer sometimes lead to additional expense for the insurer and, thus, could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations. 

U.S. Federal Regulation Affecting
Insurance.  Currently, the U.S. federal government does not directly regulate the business of insurance. However, Dodd-Frank allows federal regulators to compel state insurance regulators to liquidate an insolvent insurer under some
circumstances if the state regulators have not acted within a specific period. It also establishes the Federal Insurance Office within the Department of the Treasury, which has the authority to participate in the negotiations of international
insurance agreements with foreign regulators for the U.S., as well as to collect information about the insurance industry and recommend prudential standards. 

36 

Table of Contents

While not having a general supervisory or regulatory authority over the business of insurance, the director of this office will perform various functions with respect to insurance, including
serving as a non-voting member of the FSOC and making recommendations to the FSOC regarding insurers to be designated for more stringent regulation. The director is also required to submit a report to Congress regarding how to modernize and improve
the system of insurance regulation in the United States, including by increasing national uniformity through either a federal charter or effective action by the states. 

Federal legislation and administrative policies in several areas can significantly and adversely affect insurance
companies. These areas include financial services regulation, securities regulation, derivatives regulation, mortgage regulation, pension regulation, health care regulation, privacy, tort reform legislation and taxation. In addition, various forms
of direct and indirect federal regulation of insurance have been proposed from time to time, including proposals for the establishment of an optional federal charter for insurance companies. Other aspects of our insurance operations could also be
affected by Dodd-Frank. For example, Dodd-Frank imposes restrictions on the ability of affiliates of insured depository institutions (such as MetLife Bank) to engage in proprietary trading or sponsor or invest in hedge funds or private equity funds.
See “Business — U.S. Regulation — Dodd-Frank and Other Legislative and Regulatory Developments — Volcker Rule.” 

Banking and Bank Holding Company Regulation.  As a federally chartered national banking association, MetLife Bank is subject to a wide variety of banking laws, regulations and guidelines.
Federal banking and consumer financial protection laws regulate most aspects of the business of MetLife Bank, but certain state laws may apply as well. MetLife Bank is principally regulated by the OCC and the CFPB, and secondarily by the Federal
Reserve and the FDIC. 

Federal banking laws and regulations address various aspects of MetLife Bank’s
business and operations with respect to, among other things: 

•

 chartering to carry on business as a bank; 

•

 the permissibility of certain activities; 

•

 maintaining minimum capital ratios; 

•

 capital management in relation to the bank’s assets; 

•

 dividend payments and repurchases of securities, including common stock; 

•

 safety and soundness standards; 

•

 loan loss and other related liabilities; 

•

 liquidity; 

•

 financial reporting and disclosure standards; 

•

 counterparty credit concentration; 

•

 restrictions on related party and affiliate transactions; 

•

 lending limits (and, in addition, Dodd-Frank includes the credit exposures arising from securities lending by MetLife Bank within lending limits
otherwise applicable to loans); 

•

 payment of interest; 

•

 unfair or deceptive acts or practices; 

•

 mortgage servicing practices; 

•

 privacy; and 

•

 relationships with MetLife, Inc. in its capacity as a bank holding company and potentially with other investors in connection with a change in
control of MetLife Bank. 

37 

Table of Contents

Federal banking regulators regularly re-examine existing laws and
regulations applicable to banks and their products. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, are often made for the benefit of the consumer at the expense of the bank and, thus, could have a material adverse effect on
the financial condition and results of operations of MetLife Bank. 

From 2008 until January 2012, MetLife Bank
significantly increased its mortgage servicing activities by acquiring servicing portfolios. Currently, MetLife Bank services approximately 1% of the aggregate principal amount of the mortgage loans serviced in the U.S. In January 2012, MetLife,
Inc. announced that MetLife Bank was exiting its forward mortgage origination business. The Company continues to originate reverse mortgages and will continue to service its current mortgage customers. 

State and federal regulatory and law enforcement authorities have initiated various inquiries, investigations or
examinations of alleged irregularities in the foreclosure practices of the residential mortgage servicing industry. Mortgage servicing practices have also been the subject of Congressional attention. Authorities have publicly stated that the scope
of the investigations extends beyond foreclosure documentation practices to include mortgage loan modification and loss mitigation practices. See “— The Resolution of Several Issues Affecting the Financial Services Industry Could Have a
Negative Impact on Our Reported Results or on Our Relations with Current and Potential Customers.” 

In
addition, Dodd-Frank established the CFPB that supervises and regulates institutions providing certain financial products and services to consumers. Although the consumer financial services to which this legislation applies exclude insurance
business of the kind in which we engage, the CFPB has authority to regulate consumer services provided by MetLife Bank and non-insurance consumer services provided elsewhere throughout MetLife. See “Business — U.S. Regulation —
Dodd-Frank and Other Legislative and Regulatory Developments — Consumer Protection Laws.” We cannot predict how regulation by the CFPB might affect our business. 

In December 2010, the Basel Committee published Basel III for bank holding companies, such as MetLife, Inc. Assuming
these requirements are endorsed and adopted by the U.S., they are to be phased in beginning January 1, 2013. It is possible that even more stringent capital and liquidity requirements could be imposed on us under Basel III and Dodd-Frank as
long as MetLife, Inc. remains a bank holding company or if, in the future, it is designated by the FSOC as a non-bank systemically important financial institution. In December 2011, the Federal Reserve Board issued a release proposing the adoption
of Regulation YY. Regulation YY would apply to bank holding companies with assets of $50 billion or more and non-bank SIFIs. The ability of MetLife Bank and MetLife, Inc. to pay dividends, repurchase common stock or other securities or engage in
other transactions that could affect its capital or need for capital would be affected by any additional capital requirements that might be imposed as a result of the enactment of Dodd-Frank, Regulation YY and the endorsement and adoption by the
U.S. of Basel III and other regulatory initiatives. We are also subject to the evolving Solvency II insurance regulatory directive for each of our insurance operations throughout the European Economic Area. As requirements are finalized by the
regulators, capital requirements might be impacted in a number of jurisdictions. In addition, our legal entity structure throughout Europe may impact our capital requirements, risk management infrastructure and reporting by country. See
“Business — U.S. Regulation,” “Business — International Regulation” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Industry Trends.” The Basel Committee
has also published rules requiring a capital surcharge for globally systemically important banks, which are to be phased in beginning in 2016 and will become fully effective in 2019 if they are endorsed and adopted by the U.S. banking regulators.

The Federal Reserve’s capital plan rule requires all bank holding companies with assets of more than $50
billion, including MetLife, Inc., to submit annual capital plans which include projections of the company’s capital levels under baseline and stress scenarios over a nine-quarter period. The Federal Reserve will approve or object to a
company’s proposed capital actions, such as dividends and stock repurchases, based on the results of those capital plans and the Federal Reserve’s assessment of the robustness of the company’s capital planning processes. In addition,
in recent years the Federal Reserve has conducted its own assessment of large bank holding companies’ internal capital planning processes, capital adequacy and proposed capital distributions. In 2011, the Federal Reserve conducted the CCAR
2011. In October 2011, we announced that the Federal Reserve 

38 

Table of Contents

had concluded that our planned capital actions submitted as part of CCAR 2011 should be tested under a revised adverse macroeconomic scenario developed for those firms participating in the CCAR
2012. As a result, the Federal Reserve did not approve MetLife, Inc.’s planned dividend increase and other proposed capital actions. In January 2012, we submitted to the Federal Reserve a comprehensive capital plan, as mandated by the capital
plans rule, and additional information required by CCAR 2012. The capital plan projects MetLife’s capital levels to the end of 2013 under baseline and stress scenarios, including a stress scenario developed and provided by the Federal Reserve
as part of CCAR 2012. The Federal Reserve has stated that it will consider the results of the capital plan exercise and CCAR 2012 in evaluating proposed capital actions by participating bank holding companies, such as common stock dividend increases
and stock repurchases, and that it will provide its assessment of participating institutions’ capital plans in mid-March 2012. There can be no assurance that the Federal Reserve will approve our capital plans. 

Under Dodd-Frank, all bank holding companies that have elected to be treated as financial holding companies, such as
MetLife, Inc., are required to be “well capitalized” and “well managed” as defined by the Federal Reserve, on a consolidated basis, and not just at their depository institution(s), a higher standard than was applicable to
financial holding companies before Dodd-Frank. If we are unable to meet these standards, we could be subject to activity restrictions, ultimately be required to divest certain operations and be restricted in our ability to pay dividends, repurchase
common stock or other securities, or engage in transactions that could affect our capital or need for capital. See “Business — U.S. Regulation — Dodd-Frank and Other Legislative and Regulatory Developments.” 

Once MetLife Bank has completely exited its depository business, MetLife, Inc. plans to terminate MetLife Bank’s
FDIC insurance, putting MetLife, Inc. in a position to be able to deregister as a bank holding company. Upon completion of the foregoing, we will no longer be regulated as a bank holding company or subject to enhanced supervision and prudential
standards as a bank holding company with assets of $50 billion or more. However, if, in the future, MetLife, Inc. is designated by the FSOC as a non-bank systemically important financial institution, it would once again be subject to regulation by
the Federal Reserve and enhanced supervision and prudential standards, such as Regulation YY. In October 2011, the FSOC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking outlining the process it will follow and the criteria it will use to assess whether a
non-bank financial company should be subject to enhanced supervision by the Federal Reserve as a non-bank systemically important financial institution. If MetLife, Inc. meets the quantitative thresholds set forth in the proposal, the FSOC will
continue with a further analysis using qualitative and quantitative factors. See “Business — U.S. Regulation — Financial Holding Company Regulation” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations — Industry Trends.” 

The FDIC has the right to assess FDIC-insured banks for
funds to help pay the obligations of insolvent banks to depositors. Because the amount and timing of an assessment is beyond our control, the liabilities that we have currently established for these potential liabilities may not be adequate. In
addition, Dodd-Frank will result in increased assessments for banks with assets of $10 billion or more, which includes MetLife Bank. In addition, large bank holding companies and non-bank systemically important financial institutions can be assessed
under Dodd-Frank for any uncovered costs arising in connection with the resolution of a systemically important financial company and, under a proposal of the U.S. Treasury published on January 3, 2012, will be assessed to cover the expenses of
the Office of Financial Research, an agency established by Dodd-Frank to improve the quality of financial data available to policymakers and facilitate more robust and sophisticated analysis of the financial system. 

Regulation of Brokers and Dealers.  Dodd-Frank also authorizes the SEC to establish a standard of
conduct applicable to brokers and dealers when providing personalized investment advice to retail and other customers. This standard of conduct would be to act in the best interest of the customer without regard to the financial or other interest of
the broker or dealer providing the advice. See “Business — U.S. Regulation — Securities, Broker-Dealer and Investment Adviser Regulation” and “— Changes in U.S. Federal and State Securities Laws and Regulations, and
State Insurance Regulations Regarding Suitability of Annuity Product Sales, May Affect Our Operations and Our Profitability.” 

39 

Table of Contents

International Regulation.  Our international insurance
operations are principally regulated by insurance regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they are located or operate. See “Business — International Regulation” and “— Our International Operations Face
Political, Legal, Operational and Other Risks, Including Exposure to Local and Regional Economic Conditions, That Could Negatively Affect Those Operations or Our Profitability.” A significant portion of our revenues is generated through
operations in foreign jurisdictions, including many countries in early stages of economic and political development. Our international operations may be materially adversely affected by the actions and decisions of foreign authorities and
regulators, such as through nationalization or expropriation of assets, the imposition of limits on foreign ownership of local companies, changes in laws (including tax laws and regulations), their application or interpretation, political
instability, dividend limitations, price controls, changes in applicable currency, currency exchange controls or other restrictions that prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which they operate or
converting local currencies we hold to U.S. dollars or other currencies. This may also impact many of our customers and independent sales intermediaries. Changes in the regulations that affect their operations also may affect our business
relationships with them and their ability to purchase or distribute our products. Accordingly, these changes and actions may negatively affect our business in these jurisdictions. 

We expect the scope and extent of regulation outside of the U.S., as well as regulatory oversight, generally to continue
to increase. The authority of our international operations to conduct business is subject to licensing requirements, permits and approvals, and these authorizations are subject to modification and revocation. The regulatory environment in the
countries in which we operate and changes in laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. See “— Our International Operations Face Political, Legal, Operational and Other Risks, Including Exposure to Local and
Regional Economic Conditions, That Could Negatively Affect Those Operations or Our Profitability” and “Business — International Regulation.” 

Compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and
regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Summary.  From time to time, regulators raise issues during examinations or audits of MetLife,
Inc.’s regulated subsidiaries that could, if determined adversely, have a material impact on us. We cannot predict whether or when regulatory actions may be taken that could adversely affect our operations. In addition, the interpretations of
regulations by regulators may change and statutes may be enacted with retroactive impact, particularly in areas such as accounting or statutory reserve requirements. We are also subject to other regulations and may in the future become subject to
additional regulations. See “Business — U.S. Regulation” and “Business — International Regulation.” 

Our International Operations Face Political, Legal, Operational and Other Risks, Including Exposure to Local and Regional Economic Conditions, That Could Negatively Affect Those Operations or Our
Profitability 

Our international operations are exposed to increased political, legal, financial,
operational and other risks. Our international operations may be materially adversely affected by the actions and decisions of foreign authorities and regulators, such as through nationalization or expropriation of assets, the imposition of limits
on foreign ownership of local companies, changes in laws (including tax laws and regulations), their application or interpretation, political instability, dividend limitations, price controls, changes in applicable currency, currency exchange
controls or other restrictions that prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which they operate or converting local currencies we hold into U.S. dollars or other currencies, as well as other adverse actions by
foreign governmental authorities and regulators, such as the retroactive application of new requirements to sales made prior to their introduction. Such actions may negatively affect our business in these jurisdictions and could indirectly affect
our business in other jurisdictions as well. Some of our foreign insurance operations are, and are likely to continue to be, in emerging markets where these risks are heightened. See “Business — International Regulation,” “—
Our Insurance, Brokerage and Banking Businesses Are Heavily Regulated, and Changes in Regulation and in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies May Reduce Our Profitability and Limit Our Growth” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.” In 

40 

Table of Contents

addition, we rely on local sales forces in these countries and may encounter labor problems resulting from workers’ associations and trade unions in some countries. In several countries,
including China and India, we operate with local business partners with the resulting risk of managing partner relationships to the business objectives. If our business model is not successful in a particular country, we may lose all or most of our
investment in building and training the sales force in that country. 

We are expanding our international
operations in certain markets where we operate and in selected new markets. This may require considerable management time, as well as start-up expenses for market development before any significant revenues and earnings are generated. Operations in
new foreign markets may achieve low margins or may be unprofitable, and expansion in existing markets may be affected by local economic and market conditions. Therefore, as we expand internationally, we may not achieve expected operating margins and
our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

In addition, in recent years, the operating environment
in Argentina has been very challenging. In Argentina, we were formerly principally engaged in the pension business. In December 2008, the Argentine government nationalized the Social Security System and moved pension fund assets into the
government-run system, effectively eliminating the private pension companies in Argentina. As a result, we have experienced and will continue to experience reductions in the operation’s revenues and cash flows. In February 2011, the Argentine
Superintendent of Insurance (“SSN”) enacted a resolution effectively prohibiting cross-border reinsurance operations. In October 2011, the SSN enacted a resolution which affects our ability to invest and diversify abroad – as of
December 31, 2011, all investments and funds must be located in Argentina. Further governmental or legal actions related to our operations in Argentina could negatively impact our operations in Argentina and result in future losses. See Note 16
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

We also have operations in the Middle East where the
legal and political systems and regulatory frameworks are subject to instability and disruptions. Lack of legal certainty and stability in the region exposes our operations to increased risk of disruption and to adverse or unpredictable actions by
regulators and may make it more difficult for us to enforce our contracts, which may negatively impact our business in this region. 

We have market presence in over 50 different countries and increased exposure to risks posed by local and regional economic conditions. Europe has recently experienced a deep recession and countries such
as Italy, Spain, Portugal, Greece and Ireland have been particularly affected by the recession, resulting in increased national debts and depressed economic activity. We have significant operations and investments in these countries which could be
adversely affected by economic developments such as higher taxes, growing inflation, decreasing government spending, rising unemployment and currency instability. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations — Investments — Current Environment.” 

We face increased exposure to the Japanese
markets as a result of our considerable presence there. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Investments — Current Environment,” and “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations — Japan.” The Japanese economy was significantly negatively impacted by the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami, and the resulting serious disruption
to power supplies and release of radiation from a damaged nuclear power plant in northeastern Japan. The impact of these events is uncertain and difficult to predict. Deterioration in Japan’s economic environment could have an adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition. Any weakening of the yen against the U.S. dollar would adversely affect the estimated fair value of our yen-denominated investments, our investments in Japan subsidiaries and our net income from
operations in Japan. See “— Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Could Negatively Affect Our Profitability.” Changes in market interest rates may also have an adverse effect on our investments and operations in Japan. See
“— Changes in Market Interest Rates May Significantly Affect Our Profitability.” 

41 

Table of Contents

Various Aspects of Dodd-Frank Could Impact Our Business Operations, Capital
Requirements and Profitability and Limit Our Growth 

On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed
Dodd-Frank. Various provisions of Dodd-Frank could affect our business operations, capital requirements and profitability and limit our growth. See “Business — U.S. Regulation — Dodd-Frank and Other Legislative and Regulatory
Developments.” 

The addition of a new regulatory regime over us, the likelihood of additional
regulations, and the other changes discussed in “Business — U.S. Regulation — Dodd-Frank and Other Legislative and Regulatory Developments” could require changes to our operations. Whether such changes would affect our
competitiveness in comparison to other institutions is uncertain, since the Federal Reserve has stated that at least some of our competitors, in particular insurance holding companies that control thrifts, rather than banks, will be similarly
affected. Competitive effects are possible, however, if MetLife, Inc. were required to pay any new or increased assessments and/or satisfy additional capital requirements but its competitors were not, and to the extent any new prudential supervisory
standards are imposed on MetLife, Inc. but not on its competitors. The impact could be different if MetLife, Inc. is no longer subject to regulation as a bank holding company, although it could still be subject to enhanced supervision as a non-bank
systemically important financial institution. See “Business – U.S. Regulation – Financial Holding Company Regulation.” We cannot predict whether other proposals will be adopted, or what impact, if any, the adoption of Dodd-Frank
or other proposals and the resulting regulations could have on our business, financial condition or results of operations or on our dealings with other financial companies. See also “— Our Insurance, Brokerage and Banking Businesses are
Highly Regulated, and Changes in Regulation and in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies May Reduce Our Profitability and Limit Our Growth.” 

Moreover, Dodd-Frank potentially affects such a wide range of the activities and markets in which we engage and participate that it may not be possible to anticipate all of the ways in which it could
affect us. For example, many of our methods for managing risk and exposures are based upon the use of observed historical market behavior or statistics based on historical models. Historical market behavior may be altered by the enactment of
Dodd-Frank. As a result of this enactment and otherwise, these methods may not fully predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than our historical measures indicate. 

The Resolution of Several Issues Affecting the Financial Services Industry Could Have a Negative Impact on Our Reported Results or
on Our Relations with Current and Potential Customers 

We will continue to be subject to legal and
regulatory actions in the ordinary course of our business, both in the U.S. and internationally. This could result in a challenge of business sold in the past under previously acceptable market practices at the time. Regulators are increasingly
interested in the approach that product providers use to select third-party distributors and to monitor the appropriateness of sales made by them. In some cases, product providers can be held responsible for the deficiencies of third-party
distributors. In addition, regulators are auditing compliance by life insurers with state unclaimed property laws. See “— Litigation and Regulatory Investigations Are Increasingly Common in Our Businesses and May Result in Significant
Financial Losses and/or Harm to Our Reputation.” 

As a result of publicity relating to widespread
perceptions of industry abuses, there have been numerous regulatory inquiries and proposals for legislative and regulatory reforms. 

MetLife Bank’s mortgage servicing has been the subject of recent inquiries and requests by state and federal regulatory and law enforcement authorities. MetLife Bank is cooperating with the
authorities’ review of this business. On April 13, 2011, the OCC entered into consent decrees with several banks, including MetLife Bank. The consent decrees require an independent review of foreclosure practices and set forth new
residential mortgage servicing standards, including a requirement for a designated point of contact for a borrower during the loss mitigation process. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board entered into consent decrees with the affiliated bank
holding companies of these banks, including MetLife, Inc., to enhance the supervision of the mortgage servicing activities of their banking subsidiaries. In a February 9, 2012 press release, the Federal Reserve Board announced that it had
issued monetary sanctions against five banking organizations for deficiencies in the 

42 

Table of Contents

organizations’ servicing of residential mortgage loans and processing of foreclosures. The Federal Reserve Board also stated that it plans to announce monetary penalties against six other
institutions under its supervision against whom it had issued enforcement actions in 2011 for deficiencies in servicing of residential mortgage loans and processing foreclosures. The Federal Reserve Board did not identify these six institutions, but
MetLife, Inc. is among the institutions that entered into consent decrees with the Federal Reserve Board in 2011. MetLife Bank has also had a meeting with the Department of Justice regarding mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices. It is
possible that various state or federal regulatory and law enforcement authorities may seek monetary penalties from MetLife Bank relating to foreclosure practices. MetLife Bank is responding to a subpoena issued by the New York State Department of
Financial Services regarding hazard insurance and flood insurance that MetLife Bank obtains to protect the lienholder’s interest when the borrower’s insurance has lapsed. 

These consent decrees, as well as the inquiries or investigations referred to above, could adversely affect our
reputation or result in material fines, penalties, equitable remedies or other enforcement actions, and result in significant legal costs in responding to governmental investigations or other litigation. We cannot predict the outcome of any such
actions or reviews. In addition, the changes to the mortgage servicing business required by the consent decrees and the resolution of any other inquiries or investigations may affect the profitability of such business. See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Industry Trends.” 

The
MetLife Bank Events may not relieve MetLife from complying with the consent decrees, or protect it from the inquiries and investigations relating to residential mortgage servicing and foreclosure activities, or any fines, penalties, equitable
remedies or enforcement actions that may result, the costs of responding to any such governmental investigations, or other litigation. 

We Are Exposed to Significant Financial and Capital Markets Risk Which May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations, Financial Condition and Liquidity, and May Cause Our Net Investment Income to
Vary from Period to Period 

We are exposed to significant financial and capital markets risk,
including changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange rates, market volatility, the performance of the global economy in general, the performance of the specific obligors, including
governments, included in our portfolio and other factors outside our control. 

Our exposure to interest rate
risk relates primarily to the market price and cash flow variability associated with changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates will impact the net unrealized gain or loss position of our fixed income investment portfolio. If long-term
interest rates rise dramatically within a six to 12 month time period, certain of our life insurance businesses and fixed annuity business may be exposed to disintermediation risk. Disintermediation risk refers to the risk that our policyholders may
surrender their contracts in a rising interest rate environment, requiring us to liquidate fixed income investments in an unrealized loss position. Due to the long-term nature of the liabilities associated with certain of our life insurance
businesses, guaranteed benefits on variable annuities, and structured settlements, sustained declines in long-term interest rates may subject us to reinvestment risks and increased hedging costs. In other situations, declines in interest rates may
result in increasing the duration of certain life insurance liabilities, creating asset-liability duration mismatches. 

Our investment portfolio also contains interest rate sensitive instruments, such as fixed income securities, which may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates from governmental monetary
policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. Changes in interest rates will impact both the net unrealized gain or loss position of our fixed income portfolio and the rates of return we
receive on funds invested. Our mitigation efforts with respect to interest rate risk are primarily focused towards maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a weighted average duration that is approximately equal to
the duration of our estimated liability cash flow profile. For certain of our liability portfolios, it is not possible to invest assets to the full liability duration, thereby creating some amount of ALM mismatch. For this and other reasons, we also
use derivative instruments to mitigate interest rate risk. However, our estimate of the liability cash flow profile may be inaccurate and we may be forced to liquidate fixed income 

43 

Table of Contents

investments prior to maturity at a loss in order to cover the cash flow profile of the liability. Although we take measures to manage the economic risks of investing in a changing interest rate
environment, we may not be able to mitigate the interest rate risk of our fixed income investments relative to our liabilities. See also “— Changes in Market Interest Rates May Significantly Affect Our Profitability.” 

Our exposure to credit spreads primarily relates to market price volatility and cash flow variability associated with
changes in credit spreads. A widening of credit spreads will adversely impact both the net unrealized gain or loss position of the fixed-income investment portfolio, will increase losses associated with credit-based non-qualifying derivatives where
we assume credit exposure, and, if issuer credit spreads increase significantly or for an extended period of time, will likely result in higher other-than-temporary impairments (“OTTI”). Credit spread tightening will reduce net investment
income associated with new purchases of fixed maturity securities. In addition, market volatility can make it difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent. As such, valuations may include assumptions or estimates
that may have significant period-to-period changes which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. If there is a resumption of significant volatility in the markets, it could cause changes in credit
spreads and defaults and a lack of pricing transparency which, individually or in tandem, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows through realized investment losses,
impairments, and changes in unrealized loss positions. 

Our primary exposure to equity risk relates to the
potential for lower earnings associated with certain of our insurance businesses where fee income is earned based upon the estimated fair value of the assets under management. Downturns and volatility in equity markets can have a material adverse
effect on the revenues and investment returns from our savings and investment products and services. Because these products and services generate fees related primarily to the value of assets under management, a decline in the equity markets could
reduce our revenues from the reduction in the value of the investments we manage. The retail variable annuity business in particular is highly sensitive to equity markets, and a sustained weakness in the equity markets could decrease revenues and
earnings in variable annuity products. Furthermore, certain of our variable annuity products offer guaranteed benefits which increase our potential benefit exposure should equity markets decline. We use derivatives and reinsurance to mitigate the
impact of such increased potential benefit exposures. We are also exposed to interest rate and equity risk based upon the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return assumptions associated with our pension and other postretirement benefit
obligations. Sustained declines in long-term interest rates or equity returns likely would have a negative effect on the funded status of these plans. Lastly, we invest a portion of our investments in public and private equity securities, leveraged
buy-out funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds and the estimated fair value of such investments may be impacted by downturns or volatility in equity markets. 

Our primary exposure to real estate risk relates to commercial and agricultural real estate. Our exposure to commercial
and agricultural real estate risk stems from various factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, market conditions including the demand and supply of leasable commercial space, creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets
volatility and the inherent interest rate movement. In addition, our real estate joint venture development program is subject to risks, including, but not limited to, reduced property sales and decreased availability of financing which could
adversely impact the joint venture developments and/or operations. The state of the economy and speed of recovery in fundamental and capital market conditions in the commercial and agricultural real estate sectors will continue to influence the
performance of our investments in these sectors. These factors and others beyond our control could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows through net investment income, realized
investment losses and levels of valuation allowances. 

Our investment portfolio contains investments in
government bonds issued by certain European Union member States, including Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece and Spain, commonly referred to as “Europe’s perimeter region,” as well as Cyprus, and in financial institutions that have
significant direct or indirect exposure to debt issued by those nations. Recently, the European Union member states have experienced above average public debt, inflation and unemployment as the global economic downturn has developed. A number of
member states are significantly impacted by the economies of their more influential neighbors, such as Germany. 

44 

Table of Contents

In addition, financial troubles of one nation can lead to troubles in others. In particular, a number of large European banks hold significant amounts of sovereign and/or financial institution
debt of other European nations and could experience difficulties as a result of defaults or declines in the value of such debt. These difficulties or concern that they may occur could disrupt the functioning of the financial markets. Our investment
portfolio also contains investments in revenue bonds issued under the auspices of U.S. states and municipalities and a limited amount of general obligation bonds of U.S. states and municipalities (collectively, “Municipal Bonds”).
Recently, certain U.S. states and municipalities have faced budget deficits and financial difficulties. There can be no assurance that the financial difficulties of such U.S. states and municipalities would not have an adverse impact on our
Municipal Bond portfolio. 

A possible result of the disruption in Europe is the withdrawal of one or more
countries from the Euro zone. The extent to which our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and net investment income would be affected by any such withdrawal will depend on a number of factors, including the identity of the
withdrawing country and the likelihood that other counties will follow suit. Risks related to any such withdrawal could include overall economic disruption; capital flight, with attendant risks to the integrity of the European Union banking system;
conversion to a national currency, which may be subject to devaluation as discussed further below; inflation risks; increased costs and diminished effectiveness in hedging against declines in the value of the Euro; declines in the value of our
investments; credit losses; and an increase in foreign currency exchange rate risks, among others. 

Our
primary foreign currency exchange risks are described under “— Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Could Negatively Affect Our Profitability.” Changes in these factors, which are significant risks to us, can affect our net
investment income in any period, and such changes can be substantial. Foreign currency exchange risk will increase if a country withdraws from the Euro zone. The national currency to which such a country may revert will likely be devalued and
contracts using the Euro will need to be renegotiated. It is possible that any such devaluation could be significant. We cannot predict the extent of such a devaluation, or the effect of it on our contracts, on our investments in bonds governed by
the law of any such country, or on our investments in financial institutions that have significant direct or indirect exposure to debt issued by any such country. Any operations we may have in any such withdrawing country could also be materially
adversely affected by legal or governmental actions related to conversion from the Euro to a national currency. 

A portion of our investments is made in leveraged buy-out funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds, many of
which make private equity investments. The amount and timing of net investment income from such investment funds tends to be uneven as a result of the performance of the underlying investments, including private equity investments. The timing of
distributions from the funds, which depends on particular events relating to the underlying investments, as well as the funds’ schedules for making distributions and their needs for cash, can be difficult to predict. As a result, the amount of
net investment income that we record from these investments can vary substantially from quarter to quarter. Significant volatility could adversely impact returns and net investment income on these alternative investment classes. In addition, the
extent to which MetLife, Inc. can continue to invest in such funds is uncertain under Dodd-Frank. 

Continuing
challenges include continued weakness in the U.S. real estate market, investor anxiety over the U.S. and European economies, defaults or declines in the value of sovereign or financial institution debt, rating agency downgrades of various structured
products and financial issuers, unresolved issues with structured investment vehicles and monoline financial guarantee insurers, deleveraging of financial institutions and hedge funds, sustained high levels of unemployment and the continuing
recovery in the inter-bank market. Significant volatility in the markets could cause changes in interest rates, declines in equity prices, and the strengthening or weakening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar which, individually or in
tandem, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows through realized investment losses, impairments, increased valuation allowances and changes in unrealized gain or loss positions.

Changes in Market Interest Rates May Significantly Affect Our Profitability 

Some of our products, principally traditional whole life insurance, fixed annuities and guaranteed interest contracts,
expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce our investment margin or “spread,” or 

45 

Table of Contents

the difference between the amounts that we are required to pay under the contracts in our general account and the rate of return we are able to earn on general account investments intended to
support obligations under the contracts. Our spread is a key component of our net income. 

As interest rates
decrease or remain at low levels, we may be forced to reinvest proceeds from investments that have matured or have been prepaid or sold at lower yields, reducing our investment margin. Moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income
securities, commercial or agricultural mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities in our investment portfolio with greater frequency in order to borrow at lower market rates, which exacerbates this risk. Lowering interest crediting rates can help
offset decreases in investment margins on some products. However, our ability to lower these rates could be limited by competition or contractually guaranteed minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. As a
result, our spread could decrease or potentially become negative. Our expectation for future spreads is an important component in the amortization of DAC and value of business acquired (“VOBA”), and significantly lower spreads may cause us
to accelerate amortization, thereby reducing net income in the affected reporting period. In addition, during periods of declining interest rates, life insurance and annuity products may be relatively more attractive investments to consumers,
resulting in increased premium payments on products with flexible premium features, repayment of policy loans and increased persistency, or a higher percentage of insurance policies remaining in force from year to year, during a period when our new
investments carry lower returns. A decline in market interest rates could also reduce our return on investments that do not support particular policy obligations. Accordingly, declining interest rates may materially affect our results of operations,
financial position and cash flows and significantly reduce our profitability. In January 2012, the Federal Reserve Board announced its plans to keep interest rates low until at least through late 2014, 18 months longer than previously planned.

Increases in market interest rates could also negatively affect our profitability. In periods of rapidly
increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace, in a timely manner, the investments in our general account with higher yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to keep interest sensitive products
competitive. We, therefore, may have to accept a lower spread and, thus, lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. In addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may tend to
increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns as interest rates rise. This process may result in cash outflows requiring that we sell investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely affected by the
increase in market interest rates, which may result in realized investment losses. Unanticipated withdrawals and terminations may cause us to accelerate the amortization of DAC and VOBA, which reduces net income and may also cause us to accelerate
negative VOBA, which increases net income. An increase in market interest rates could also have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair values of the fixed income securities
that comprise a substantial portion of our investment portfolio. Finally, an increase in interest rates could result in decreased fee income associated with a decline in the value of variable annuity account balances invested in fixed income funds.

Some of Our Investments Are Relatively Illiquid and Are in Asset Classes That Have Been Experiencing Significant Market
Valuation Fluctuations 

We hold certain investments that may lack liquidity, such as privately-placed
fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, policy loans and leveraged leases, equity real estate, including real estate joint ventures and funds, and other limited partnership interests. These asset classes represented 28.3% of the carrying value of
our total cash and investments at December 31, 2011. In recent years, even some of our very high quality investments experienced reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption. If we require significant amounts of cash on
short notice in excess of normal cash requirements or are required to post or return cash collateral in connection with our investment portfolio, derivatives transactions or securities lending program, we may have difficulty selling these
investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both. The reported value of our relatively illiquid types of investments, our investments in the asset classes described above and,
at times, our high quality, generally liquid asset classes, do not necessarily reflect the lowest current market price for the asset. If we were forced to sell certain of our 

46 

Table of Contents

investments in the global market, there can be no assurance that we will be able to sell them for the prices at which we have recorded them and we could be forced to sell them at significantly
lower prices. Some provisions of Dodd-Frank may lower the prices for certain fund investments by forcing them to be sold over a relatively short period of time. 

Our Participation in a Securities Lending Program Subjects Us to Potential Liquidity and Other Risks 

We participate in a securities lending program whereby blocks of securities, which are included in fixed maturity securities and short-term investments, are loaned to third parties, primarily brokerage
firms and commercial banks. We obtain collateral, usually cash, in an amount generally equal to 102% of the estimated fair value of the securities loaned, which is obtained at the inception of a loan and maintained at a level greater than or equal
to 100% for the duration of the loan. Returns of loaned securities by the third parties would require us to return the collateral associated with such loaned securities. In addition, in some cases, the maturity of the securities held as invested
collateral (i.e., securities that we have purchased with cash collateral received from the third parties) may exceed the term of the related securities on loan and the estimated fair value may fall below the amount of cash received as collateral and
invested. If we are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice and we are forced to sell securities to meet the return obligation, we may have difficulty selling such collateral that is invested in securities in a
timely manner, be forced to sell securities in a volatile or illiquid market for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize under normal market conditions, or both. In addition, under stressful capital market and economic conditions,
liquidity broadly deteriorates, which may further restrict our ability to sell securities. If we decrease the amount of our securities lending activities over time, the amount of net investment income generated by these activities will also likely
decline. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Investments — Securities Lending” and Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Our Requirements to Pledge Collateral or Make Payments Related to Declines in Estimated Fair Value of Specified Assets May
Adversely Affect Our Liquidity and Expose Us to Counterparty Credit Risk 

Some of our transactions
with financial and other institutions specify the circumstances under which the parties are required to pledge collateral related to any decline in the estimated fair value of the specified assets. In addition, under the terms of some of our
transactions, we may be required to make payments to our counterparties related to any decline in the estimated fair value of the specified assets. The amount of collateral we may be required to pledge and the payments we may be required to make
under these agreements may increase under certain circumstances and will likely increase under Dodd-Frank, which could adversely affect our liquidity. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — The Company — Liquidity and Capital Sources — Collateral Financing Arrangements,” “Business — U.S. Regulation — Dodd-Frank and Other Legislative and Regulatory
Developments” and Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Gross Unrealized Losses on Fixed
Maturity and Equity Securities and Defaults, Downgrades or Other Events May Result in Future Impairments to the Carrying Value of Such Securities, Resulting in a Reduction in Our Net Income 

Fixed maturity securities represent a significant portion of our investment portfolio. Fixed maturity and equity
securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at their estimated fair value. Unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities are recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and are, therefore, excluded from
net income. Our gross unrealized gains and gross unrealized losses on fixed maturity and equity securities available for sale at December 31, 2011 were $26.1 billion and $5.8 billion, respectively. The portion of the $5.8 billion of gross
unrealized losses for fixed maturity and equity securities where the estimated fair value has declined and remained below amortized cost or cost by 20% or more for six months or greater was $1.4 billion at December 31, 2011. The accumulated
change in estimated fair value of these available-for-sale securities is recognized in net income when the gain or loss is realized upon the sale of the security or in the event that the decline in estimated fair value is determined to be
other-than-temporary and an impairment charge to earnings is taken. 

47 

Table of Contents

The occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance,
widening risk spreads, or other events that adversely affect the issuers, guarantors or underlying collateral of structured securities could cause the estimated fair value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio and our earnings to decline and
the default rate of the fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio to increase. A ratings downgrade affecting issuers or guarantors of particular securities, or similar trends that could worsen the credit quality of issuers, such as the
corporate issuers of securities in our investment portfolio, could also have a similar effect. With economic uncertainty, credit quality of issuers or guarantors could be adversely affected. Similarly, a ratings downgrade affecting a security we
hold could indicate the credit quality of that security has deteriorated and could increase the capital we must hold to support that security to maintain our RBC levels. Levels of writedowns or impairments are impacted by our assessment of intent to
sell, or whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, fixed maturity securities and the intent and ability to hold equity securities which have declined in value until recovery. If we determine to reposition or realign
portions of the portfolio so as not to hold certain equity securities, or intend to sell or determine that it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, certain fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position prior to
recovery, then we will incur an OTTI charge in the period that the decision was made not to hold the equity security to recovery, or to sell, or the determination was made it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the fixed
maturity security. Realized losses or impairments may have a material adverse effect on our net income in a particular quarterly or annual period. 

The Determination of the Amount of Allowances and Impairments Taken on Our Investments is Subjective and Could Materially Impact Our Results of Operations or Financial Position 

The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments varies by investment type and is based upon our periodic
evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. We update our evaluations regularly and
reflect changes in allowances and impairments in net investment losses as such evaluations are revised. Additional impairments may need to be taken or allowances provided for in the future. Furthermore, historical trends may not be indicative of
future impairments or allowances. 

For example, the cost of our fixed maturity and equity securities is
adjusted for impairments deemed to be other-than-temporary. The assessment of whether impairments have occurred is based on our case-by-case evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in estimated fair value. The review of our fixed
maturity and equity securities for impairment includes an analysis of gross unrealized losses by three categories of securities: (i) securities where the estimated fair value has declined and remained below cost or amortized cost by less than
20%; (ii) securities where the estimated fair value has declined and remained below cost or amortized cost by 20% or more for less than six months; and (iii) securities where the estimated fair value has declined and remained below cost or
amortized cost by 20% or more for six months or greater. 

Additionally, we consider a wide range of factors
about the security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. Inherent in our evaluation of the security are assumptions
and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. Considerations in the impairment evaluation process include, but are not limited to: (i) the length of time and the extent to which the estimated fair value has
been below cost or amortized cost; (ii) the potential for impairments of securities when the issuer is experiencing significant financial difficulties; (iii) the potential for impairments in an entire industry sector or sub-sector;
(iv) the potential for impairments in certain economically depressed geographic locations; (v) the potential for impairments of securities where the issuer, series of issuers or industry has suffered a catastrophic type of loss or has
exhausted natural resources; (vi) with respect to fixed maturity securities, whether we have the intent to sell or will more likely than not be required to sell a particular security before recovery of the decline in estimated fair value below
cost or amortized cost; (vii) with respect to equity securities, whether we have the ability and intent to hold a particular security for a period of time sufficient to allow for the recovery of its estimated fair value to an amount at least
equal to its cost; (viii) with respect to structured securities, changes in forecasted cash flows after considering the quality of the underlying collateral; timing of expected prepayment; current and

48 

Table of Contents

forecasted loss severity; consideration of the payment terms of the underlying assets backing a particular security; and the payment priority within the tranche structure of the security; and
(ix) other subjective factors, including concentrations and information obtained from regulators and rating agencies. 

Defaults on Our Mortgage Loans and Volatility in Performance May Adversely Affect Our Profitability 

Our mortgage loans face default risk and are principally collateralized by commercial, agricultural and residential