Difficult
 Conditions in the Global Capital Markets and the Economy
 Generally May Materially Adversely Affect Our Business and
 Results of Operations and These Conditions May Not Improve in
 the Near Future

 Our business and results of operations are materially affected
 by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy
 generally, both in the United States and elsewhere around the
 world. The stress experienced by global capital markets that
 began in the second half of 2007 continued and substantially
 increased during 2008 and into 2009. Concerns over the
 availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market,
 geopolitical issues, energy costs, inflation and a declining
 real estate market in the United States contributed to increased
 volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the
 markets in the near term. These factors, combined with declining
 business and consumer confidence and increased unemployment,
 precipitated a recession. Most economists believe this recession
 ended in the third quarter of 2009, when positive growth
 returned, and now expect positive growth will continue in 2010.
 However, the expected recovery is weaker than normal, and the
 unemployment rate is expected to remain high for some time. In
 addition, the fixed-income markets have experienced a period of
 extreme volatility which negatively impacted market liquidity
 conditions. Initially, the concerns on the part of market
 participants were focused on the
 sub-prime
 segment of the mortgage-backed securities market. However, these
 concerns expanded to include a broad range of mortgage- and
 asset-backed and other fixed income securities, including those
 rated investment grade, the U.S. and international credit
 and interbank money markets generally, and a wide range of
 financial institutions and markets, asset classes and sectors.
 Securities that are less liquid are more difficult to value and
 have less opportunity for disposal. Domestic and international
 equity markets have also experienced heightened volatility and
 turmoil, with issuers (such as our company) that have exposure
 to the real estate, mortgage and credit markets particularly
 affected. These events and continued market upheavals may have
 an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large
 investment portfolio and are also dependent upon customer
 behavior. Our revenues are likely to decline in such
 circumstances and our profit margins could erode. In addition,
 in the event of extreme prolonged market events, such as the
 global credit crisis, we could incur significant capital or
 operating losses. Even in the absence of a market downturn, we
 are exposed to substantial risk of loss due to market volatility.

 We are a significant writer of variable annuity products. The
 account values of these products decrease as a result of
 downturns in capital markets. Decreases in account values reduce
 the fees generated by our variable annuity products, cause the
 amortization of deferred acquisition costs to accelerate and
 could increase the level of liabilities we must carry to support
 those variable annuities issued with any associated guarantees.

 Factors such as consumer spending, business investment,
 government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital
 markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic
 environment and, ultimately, the amount and

 27

Table of Contents

 profitability of our business. In an economic downturn
 characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower
 corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer
 spending, the demand for our financial and insurance products
 could be adversely affected. In addition, we may experience an
 elevated incidence of claims and lapses or surrenders of
 policies. Our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance
 premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. Adverse
 changes in the economy could affect earnings negatively and
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
 operations and financial condition. The recent market turmoil
 has also raised the possibility of legislative, regulatory and
 governmental actions. We cannot predict whether or when such
 actions may occur, or what impact, if any, such actions could
 have on our business, results of operations and financial
 condition. See “— Actions of the
 U.S. Government, Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Other
 Governmental and Regulatory Bodies for the Purpose of
 Stabilizing and Revitalizing the Financial Markets and
 Protecting Investors and Consumers May Not Achieve the Intended
 Effect or Could Adversely Affect MetLife’s Competitive
 Position,” “— Our Insurance and Banking
 Businesses Are Heavily Regulated, and Changes in
 Regulation May Reduce Our Profitability and Limit Our
 Growth” and “— Competitive Factors May
 Adversely Affect Our Market Share and Profitability”.

 Adverse
 Capital and Credit Market Conditions May Significantly Affect
 Our Ability to Meet Liquidity Needs, Access to Capital and Cost
 of Capital

 The capital and credit markets are sometimes subject to periods
 of extreme volatility and disruption. Such volatility and
 disruption could cause liquidity and credit capacity for certain
 issuers to be limited.

 We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our
 debt and dividends on our capital stock, maintain our securities
 lending activities and replace certain maturing liabilities.
 Without sufficient liquidity, we will be forced to curtail our
 operations, and our business will suffer. The principal sources
 of our liquidity are insurance premiums, annuity considerations,
 deposit funds, and cash flow from our investment portfolio and
 assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily
 convertible into cash. Sources of liquidity in normal markets
 also include short-term instruments such as repurchase
 agreements and commercial paper. Sources of capital in normal
 markets include long-term instruments, medium- and long-term
 debt, junior subordinated debt securities, capital securities
 and equity securities.

 In the event market or other conditions have an adverse impact
 on our capital and liquidity beyond expectations and our current
 resources do not satisfy our needs, we may have to seek
 additional financing. The availability of additional financing
 will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions,
 regulatory considerations, the general availability of credit,
 the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of
 credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings
 and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers
 or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or
 short-term financial prospects if we incur large investment
 losses or if the level of our business activity decreased due to
 a market downturn. Similarly, our access to funds may be
 impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take
 negative actions against us. Our internal sources of liquidity
 may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be
 able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable
 terms, or at all.

 Our liquidity requirements may change if, among other things, we
 are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on
 short notice under securities lending agreements.

 Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit
 markets may also limit our access to capital required to operate
 our business, most significantly our insurance operations. Such
 market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely
 manner, maturing liabilities; satisfy statutory capital
 requirements; and access the capital necessary to grow our
 business. As such, we may be forced to delay raising capital,
 issue different types of securities than we would otherwise,
 less effectively deploy such capital, issue shorter tenor
 securities than we prefer, or bear an unattractive cost of
 capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly
 reduce our financial flexibility. Our results of operations,
 financial condition, cash flows and statutory capital position
 could be materially adversely affected by disruptions in the
 financial markets.

 28

Table of Contents

 Actions
 of the U.S. Government, Federal Reserve Bank of New York and
 Other Governmental and Regulatory Bodies for the Purpose of
 Stabilizing and Revitalizing the Financial Markets and
 Protecting Investors and Consumers May Not Achieve the Intended
 Effect or Could Adversely Affect MetLife’s Competitive
 Position

 In response to the financial crises affecting the banking system
 and financial markets and going concern threats to investment
 banks and other financial institutions, on October 3, 2008,
 President Bush signed the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act
 of 2008 (“EESA”) into law. Pursuant to EESA, the
 U.S. Treasury has the authority to, among other things,
 purchase up to $700 billion of mortgage-backed and other
 securities (including newly issued preferred shares and
 subordinated debt) from financial institutions for the purpose
 of stabilizing the financial markets. The U.S. federal
 government, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the FDIC and
 other governmental and regulatory bodies have taken or are
 considering taking other actions to address the financial
 crisis. For example, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York made
 funds available to commercial and financial companies under a
 number of programs, including the Commercial Paper Funding
 Facility, which expired in early 2010. The U.S. Treasury
 has established programs based in part on EESA and in part on
 the separate authority of the Federal Reserve Board and the
 FDIC, to foster purchases from and by banks, insurance companies
 and other financial institutions of certain kinds of assets for
 which valuations have been low and markets weak. Some of the
 programs established by governmental and regulatory bodies have
 recently been discontinued or will be in the near term. We
 cannot predict what impact, if any, this could have on our
 business, results of operations and financial condition.

 Although such actions appear to have provided some stability to
 the financial markets, our business, financial condition and
 results of operations and the trading price of our common stock
 could be materially and adversely affected to the extent that
 credit availability and prices for financial assets revert to
 their low levels of late 2008 and early 2009 or do not continue
 to improve. Furthermore, Congress has considered, and may
 consider in the future, legislative proposals that could impact
 the estimated fair value of mortgage loans, such as legislation
 that would permit bankruptcy courts to rewrite the terms of a
 mortgage contract, including reducing the principal balance of
 mortgage loans owed by bankrupt borrowers. If such legislation
 is enacted, it could cause loss of principal on certain of our
 non-agency prime RMBS holdings and could cause a ratings
 downgrade in such holdings which, in turn, would cause an
 increase in unrealized losses on such securities and increase
 the risk-based capital that we must hold to support such
 securities. See “ — We Are Exposed to Significant
 Financial and Capital Markets Risk Which May Adversely Affect
 Our Results of Operations, Financial Condition and Liquidity,
 and Our Net Investment Income Can Vary from Period to
 Period.” In addition, the U.S. federal government
 (including the FDIC) and private lenders have begun programs to
 reduce the monthly payment obligations of mortgagors
 and/or
 reduce the principal payable on residential mortgage loans. As a
 result, we may need to maintain or increase our engagement in
 similar activities in order to comply with program requirements
 and to remain competitive. We cannot predict whether the funds
 made available by the U.S. federal government and its
 agencies will be enough to continue stabilizing or to further
 revive the financial markets or, if additional amounts are
 necessary, whether Congress will be willing to make the
 necessary appropriations, what the public’s sentiment would
 be towards any such appropriations, or what additional
 requirements or conditions might be imposed on the use of any
 such additional funds.

 President Obama has proposed a “Financial Crisis
 Responsibility Fee” which would be imposed on financial
 firms with more than $50 billion in consolidated assets.
 The fee is intended to recover the cost of the Troubled Assets
 Relief Program established under EESA, which the Obama
 Administration currently estimates will be $117 billion.
 The fee would be imposed annually on covered financial firms for
 at least ten years and possibly longer. As a bank holding
 company with more than $50 billion of consolidated assets,
 MetLife appears to be subject to the proposed fee. Full details
 of the proposed fee, the companies subject to it, and the manner
 in which it would be assessed have not yet been released, so we
 cannot estimate its financial impact on us. However, it is
 possible that the proposed fee could have a material adverse
 impact on our results of operations.

 The choices made by the U.S. Treasury, the Federal Reserve
 Board and the FDIC in their distribution of amounts available
 under EESA and any of the proposed new asset purchase programs
 could have the effect of supporting some aspects of the
 financial services industry more than others. Some of our
 competitors have received, or may in the future receive, funding
 under one or more of the federal government’s capital
 infusion programs. This

 29

Table of Contents

 could adversely affect our competitive position. See
 “ — Competitive Factors May Adversely Affect Our
 Market Share and Profitability.”

 See also “— Proposals to Regulate Compensation,
 if Implemented, Could Hinder or Prevent Us From Attracting and
 Retaining Management and Other Employees with the Talent and
 Experience to Manage and Conduct Our Business Effectively”
 and “— Our Insurance and Banking Businesses Are
 Heavily Regulated, and Changes in Regulation May Reduce Our
 Profitability and Limit Our Growth.”

 Our
 Insurance and Banking Businesses Are Heavily Regulated, and
 Changes in Regulation May Reduce Our Profitability and
 Limit Our Growth

 Our insurance operations are subject to a wide variety of
 insurance and other laws and regulations. See
 “Business — Regulation — Insurance
 Regulation.” State insurance laws regulate most aspects of
 our U.S. insurance businesses, and our insurance
 subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance departments of the
 states in which they are domiciled and the states in which they
 are licensed. Our
 non-U.S. insurance
 operations are principally regulated by insurance regulatory
 authorities in the jurisdictions in which they are domiciled and
 operate.

 State laws in the United States grant insurance regulatory
 authorities broad administrative powers with respect to, among
 other things:

 • 

 licensing companies and agents to transact business;

 • 

 calculating the value of assets to determine compliance with
 statutory requirements;

 • 

 mandating certain insurance benefits;

 • 

 regulating certain premium rates;

 • 

 reviewing and approving policy forms;

 • 

 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through
 the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices,
 distribution arrangements and payment of inducements;

 • 

 regulating advertising;

 • 

 protecting privacy;

 • 

 establishing statutory capital and reserve requirements and
 solvency standards;

 • 

 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and
 minimum rates for guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance
 policies and annuity contracts;

 • 

 approving changes in control of insurance companies;

 • 

 restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions
 between affiliates; and

 • 

 regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments.

 State insurance guaranty associations have the right to assess
 insurance companies doing business in their state for funds to
 help pay the obligations of insolvent insurance companies to
 policyholders and claimants. Because the amount and timing of an
 assessment is beyond our control, the liabilities that we have
 currently established for these potential liabilities may not be
 adequate. See “Business — Regulation —
 Insurance Regulation — Guaranty Associations and
 Similar Arrangements.”

 State insurance regulators and the NAIC regularly
 re-examine
 existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies
 and their products. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in
 interpretations thereof, are often made for the benefit of the
 consumer at the expense of the insurer and, thus, could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations.

 The NAIC and several states’ legislatures have considered
 the need for regulations
 and/or laws
 to address agent or broker practices that have been the focus of
 investigations of broker compensation in the State of New York
 and in

 30

Table of Contents

 other jurisdictions. The NAIC adopted a Compensation Disclosure
 Amendment to its Producers Licensing Model Act which, if adopted
 by the states, would require disclosure by agents or brokers to
 customers that insurers will compensate such agents or brokers
 for the placement of insurance and documented acknowledgement of
 this arrangement in cases where the customer also compensates
 the agent or broker. Several states have enacted laws similar to
 the NAIC amendment. Others have enacted laws or proposed
 disclosure regulations which, under differing circumstances,
 require disclosure of specific compensation earned by a producer
 on the sale of an insurance or annuity product. We cannot
 predict how many states may promulgate the NAIC amendment or
 alternative regulations or the extent to which these regulations
 may have a material adverse impact on our business.

 Currently, the U.S. federal government does not directly
 regulate the business of insurance. However, federal legislation
 and administrative policies in several areas can significantly
 and adversely affect insurance companies. These areas include
 financial services regulation, securities regulation, pension
 regulation, health care regulation, privacy, tort reform
 legislation and taxation. In addition, various forms of direct
 and indirect federal regulation of insurance have been proposed
 from time to time, including proposals for the establishment of
 an optional federal charter for insurance companies. As part of
 a proposed comprehensive reform of financial services
 regulation, Congress is considering the creation of an office
 within the federal government to collect information about the
 insurance industry, recommend prudential standards, and
 represent the United States in dealings with foreign insurance
 regulators.

 Other aspects of financial services regulatory reform proposals
 that have been considered could affect our business. For example:

 • 

 The Obama Administration and Congress have made various
 proposals that would change the capital and liquidity
 requirements, credit exposure concentrations and similar
 prudential matters for bank holding companies, banks and other
 financial firms.

 • 

 Bank regulatory agencies have issued proposed interagency
 guidance for funding and liquidity risk management that would
 apply to MetLife as a bank holding company.

 • 

 The proposals under consideration in Congress also include
 special regulatory and insolvency regimes, including even higher
 capital, prudential and liquidity standards for financial
 institutions that are deemed to be systemically significant.
 These insolvency regimes could vary from the resolution regimes
 currently applicable to some subsidiaries of such companies and
 could include assessments on financial companies to provide for
 a systemic resolution fund.

 • 

 The Obama Administration, members of Congress and Federal
 banking regulators have suggested new or increased taxes or
 assessments on banks and financial firms to mitigate the costs
 to taxpayers of various government programs established to
 address the financial crisis and to offset the costs of
 potential future crises. See “— Actions of the
 U.S. Government, Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Other
 Governmental and Regulatory Bodies for the Purpose of
 Stabilizing and Revitalizing the Financial Markets and
 Protecting Investors and Consumers May Not Achieve the Intended
 Effect or Could Adversely Affect MetLife’s Competitive
 Position.”

 • 

 The proposed legislation also includes new conditions on the
 writing and trading of certain standardized and non-standardized
 derivatives.

 The creation of an additional supervisor with authority over
 MetLife, Inc. and its subsidiaries, the likelihood of additional
 regulations, and the other changes discussed above could require
 changes to MetLife’s operations. Whether such changes would
 affect our competitiveness in comparison to other institutions
 is uncertain, since it is possible that at least some of our
 competitors will be similarly affected. Competitive effects are
 possible, however, if MetLife, Inc. were required to pay any new
 or increased taxes, or if it were determined to be systemically
 significant and were subjected to higher capital and liquidity
 requirements and generally stricter prudential supervisory
 standards as a result. It is unclear at present whether
 systemically significant institutions will be helped or hurt
 competitively if such additional requirements are imposed. We
 cannot predict whether these or other proposals will be adopted,
 or what impact, if any, such proposals or, if enacted, such
 laws, could have on our business, financial condition or results
 of operations or on our dealings with other financial
 institutions.

 31

Table of Contents

 As a federally chartered national association, MetLife Bank is
 subject to a wide variety of banking laws, regulations and
 guidelines. Federal banking laws regulate most aspects of the
 business of MetLife Bank, but certain state laws may apply as
 well. MetLife Bank is principally regulated by the OCC, the
 Federal Reserve and the FDIC.

 Federal banking laws and regulations address various aspects of
 MetLife Bank’s business and operations with respect to,
 among other things:

 • 

 chartering to carry on business as a bank;

 • 

 maintaining minimum capital ratios;

 • 

 capital management in relation to the bank’s assets;

 • 

 safety and soundness standards;

 • 

 loan loss and other related liabilities;

 • 

 liquidity;

 • 

 financial reporting and disclosure standards;

 • 

 counterparty credit concentration;

 • 

 restrictions on related party and affiliate transactions;

 • 

 lending limits;

 • 

 payment of interest;

 • 

 unfair or deceptive acts or practices;

 • 

 privacy; and

 • 

 bank holding company and bank change of control.

 Furthermore, Congress is considering establishing a new
 governmental agency that would supervise and regulate
 institutions that provide certain financial products and
 services to consumers. Although the consumer financial services
 to which this legislation would apply might exclude certain
 insurance business, the new agency would have authority to
 regulate consumer services provided by MetLife Bank. Federal
 pre-emption of state consumer protection laws applicable to
 banking services may be eliminated or significantly restricted
 in any financial services regulatory reform legislation that
 Congress may pass, which would increase the regulatory and
 compliance burden on MetLife Bank and could adversely affect its
 business and results of operations.

 The FDIC has the right to assess FDIC-insured banks for funds to
 help pay the obligations of insolvent banks to depositors.
 Because the amount and timing of an assessment is beyond our
 control, the liabilities that we have currently established for
 these potential liabilities may not be adequate.

 Federal and state banking regulators regularly re-examine
 existing laws and regulations applicable to banks and their
 products. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in
 interpretations thereof, are often made for the benefit of the
 consumer at the expense of the bank and, thus, could have a
 material adverse effect on the financial condition and results
 of operations of MetLife Bank.

 Our international operations are subject to regulation in the
 jurisdictions in which they operate, which in many ways is
 similar to that of the state regulation outlined above. Many of
 our customers and independent sales intermediaries also operate
 in regulated environments. Changes in the regulations that
 affect their operations also may affect our business
 relationships with them and their ability to purchase or
 distribute our products. Accordingly, these changes could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations. See “— Our International
 Operations Face Political, Legal, Operational and Other Risks
 that Could Negatively Affect Those Operations or Our
 Profitability.”

 Compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time
 consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and
 regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect
 compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations.

 32

Table of Contents

 From time to time, regulators raise issues during examinations
 or audits of MetLife, Inc.’s subsidiaries that could, if
 determined adversely, have a material impact on us. We cannot
 predict whether or when regulatory actions may be taken that
 could adversely affect our operations. In addition, the
 interpretations of regulations by regulators may change and
 statutes may be enacted with retroactive impact, particularly in
 areas such as accounting or statutory reserve requirements.

 We are also subject to other regulations, including banking
 regulations, and may in the future become subject to additional
 regulations. See “Business — Regulation.”

 We Are
 Exposed to Significant Financial and Capital Markets Risk Which
 May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations, Financial
 Condition and Liquidity, and Our Net Investment Income Can Vary
 from Period to Period

 We are exposed to significant financial and capital markets
 risk, including changes in interest rates, credit spreads,
 equity prices, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange
 rates, market volatility, the performance of the economy in
 general, the performance of the specific obligors included in
 our portfolio and other factors outside our control.

 Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the
 market price and cash flow variability associated with changes
 in interest rates. A rise in interest rates will increase the
 net unrealized loss position of our fixed income investment
 portfolio and, if long-term interest rates rise dramatically
 within a six to twelve month time period, certain of our life
 insurance businesses may be exposed to disintermediation risk.
 Disintermediation risk refers to the risk that our policyholders
 may surrender their contracts in a rising interest rate
 environment, requiring us to liquidate fixed income investments
 in an unrealized loss position. Due to the long-term nature of
 the liabilities associated with certain of our life insurance
 businesses, guaranteed benefits on variable annuities, and
 structured settlements, sustained declines in long-term interest
 rates may subject us to reinvestment risks and increased hedging
 costs. In other situations, declines in interest rates may
 result in increasing the duration of certain life insurance
 liabilities, creating asset-liability duration mismatches. Our
 investment portfolio also contains interest rate sensitive
 instruments, such as fixed income securities, which may be
 adversely affected by changes in interest rates from
 governmental monetary policies, domestic and international
 economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our
 control. A rise in interest rates would increase the net
 unrealized loss position of our fixed income investment
 portfolio, offset by our ability to earn higher rates of return
 on funds reinvested. Conversely, a decline in interest rates
 would decrease the net unrealized loss position of our fixed
 income investment portfolio, offset by lower rates of return on
 funds reinvested. Our mitigation efforts with respect to
 interest rate risk are primarily focused towards maintaining an
 investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a
 weighted average duration that is approximately equal to the
 duration of our estimated liability cash flow profile. However,
 our estimate of the liability cash flow profile may be
 inaccurate and we may be forced to liquidate fixed income
 investments prior to maturity at a loss in order to cover the
 liability. Although we take measures to manage the economic
 risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we
 may not be able to mitigate the interest rate risk of our fixed
 income investments relative to our liabilities. See also
 “— Changes in Market Interest Rates May
 Significantly Affect Our Profitability.”

 Our exposure to credit spreads primarily relates to market price
 and cash flow variability associated with changes in credit
 spreads. A widening of credit spreads will increase the net
 unrealized loss position of the fixed-income investment
 portfolio, will increase losses associated with credit based
 non-qualifying derivatives where we assume credit exposure, and,
 if issuer credit spreads increase significantly or for an
 extended period of time, would likely result in higher
 other-than-temporary
 impairments (“OTTI”). Credit spread tightening will
 reduce net investment income associated with new purchases of
 fixed maturity securities. In addition, market volatility can
 make it difficult to value certain of our securities if trading
 becomes less frequent. As such, valuations may include
 assumptions or estimates that may have significant period to
 period changes which could have a material adverse effect on our
 consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
 Credit spreads on both corporate and structured securities
 widened significantly during 2008, resulting in continuing
 depressed pricing. As a result of improved conditions, credit
 spreads narrowed in 2009. If there is a resumption of
 significant volatility in the markets, it could cause changes in
 credit spreads and defaults and a lack of pricing transparency
 which, individually or in tandem, could have a material adverse
 effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial
 condition,

 33

Table of Contents

 liquidity or cash flows through realized investment losses,
 impairments, and changes in unrealized loss positions. See also
 “— Guarantees Within Certain of Our Variable
 Annuity Guarantee Benefits that Protect Policyholders Against
 Significant Downturns in Equity Markets May Increase the
 Volatility of Our Results Related to the Inclusion of an Own
 Credit Adjustment in the Estimated Fair Value of the Liability
 for These Guaranteed Benefits.”

 Our primary exposure to equity risk relates to the potential for
 lower earnings associated with certain of our insurance
 businesses where fee income is earned based upon the estimated
 fair value of the assets under management. Equity market
 downturns and volatility may discourage purchases of separate
 account products, such as variable annuities and variable life
 insurance that have underlying mutual funds with returns linked
 to the performance of the equity markets, and may cause some of
 our existing customers to withdraw cash values or reduce
 investments in those products. In addition, downturns and
 volatility in equity markets can have a material adverse effect
 on the revenues and returns from our savings and investment
 products and services. Because these products and services
 depend on fees related primarily to the value of assets under
 management, a decline in the equity markets could reduce our
 revenues by reducing the value of the investments we manage. The
 retail annuity business in particular is highly sensitive to
 equity markets, and a sustained weakness in the equity markets
 could decrease revenues and earnings in variable annuity
 products. Furthermore, certain of our annuity products offer
 guaranteed benefits which increase our potential benefit
 exposure should equity markets decline. The Company uses
 derivatives to mitigate the impact of such increased potential
 benefit exposures. We are also exposed to interest rate and
 equity risk based upon the discount rate and expected long-term
 rate of return assumptions associated with our pension and other
 postretirement benefit obligations. Sustained declines in
 long-term interest rates or equity returns likely would have a
 negative effect on the funded status of these plans.

 We also provide certain guarantees within some of our products
 that protect policyholders against significant downturns in the
 equity markets. For example, we offer variable annuity products
 with guaranteed features, such as death benefits, withdrawal
 benefits, and minimum accumulation and income benefits. In
 volatile or declining equity market conditions, we may need to
 increase liabilities for future policy benefits and policyholder
 account balances, negatively affecting our net income. The
 Company uses derivatives to mitigate the impact of volatile or
 declining equity market conditions. A decline in equity markets
 also may reduce the estimated fair value of the investments
 supporting our pension and post retirement benefit plan
 obligations, changing the funded status of such plans, and
 adversely affect our results of operations. Lastly, we invest a
 portion of our investments in equity securities, leveraged
 buy-out funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds and
 the estimated fair value of such investments may be impacted by
 downturns or volatility in equity markets.

 Our primary exposure to real estate risk relates to commercial
 and agricultural real estate. Our exposure to commercial and
 agricultural real estate risk stems from various factors. These
 factors include, but are not limited to, market conditions
 including the demand and supply of space, creditworthiness of
 tenants and partners, capital markets volatility and the
 inherent interest rate movement. Recently, a significantly
 weakened economic environment has led to declining commercial
 real estate tenant demand, increasing vacancy rates and
 declining property incomes. In addition, capital market
 conditions and accessibility to financing has prompted an
 increase in the risk premiums assessed in the sector. These
 trends have resulted in decreases in the value of our equity
 commercial real estate holdings, and deterioration in the value
 of the collateral securing our commercial mortgages. In
 addition, our real estate joint venture development program is
 subject to risks including, but not limited to, reduced property
 sales and decreased availability of financing which could
 adversely impact the joint venture developments
 and/or
 operations. The state of the economy and speed of recovery in
 fundamental and capital market conditions in the commercial and
 agricultural real estate sectors will continue to influence the
 performance of our investments in these sectors. These factors
 and others beyond our control could have a material adverse
 effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial
 condition, liquidity or cash flows through net investment
 income, realized investment losses and impairments.

 Our primary foreign currency exchange risks are described under
 “— Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange
 Rates and Foreign Securities Markets Could Negatively Affect Our
 Profitability.” Significant declines in equity prices,
 changes in U.S. interest rates, changes in credit spreads,
 and changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have a
 material adverse effect on our consolidated results of
 operations, financial condition or liquidity. Changes in these
 factors, which are significant risks to us, can affect our net
 investment income in any period, and such changes can be
 substantial.

 34

Table of Contents

 A portion of our investments are made in leveraged buy-out
 funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds reported
 within other limited partnership interests, many of which make
 private equity investments. The amount and timing of net
 investment income from such investment funds tends to be uneven
 as a result of the performance of the underlying investments,
 including private equity investments. The timing of
 distributions from the funds, which depends on particular events
 relating to the underlying investments, as well as the
 funds’ schedules for making distributions and their needs
 for cash, can be difficult to predict. As a result, the amount
 of net investment income that we record from these investments
 can vary substantially from quarter to quarter. Recent equity,
 real estate and credit market volatility have further reduced
 net investment income and related yields for these types of
 investments and we may continue to experience reduced net
 investment income due to continued volatility in the equity,
 real estate and credit markets in 2010.

 In 2009, the disruption in the global financial markets
 moderated, although not all markets are functioning normally and
 many remain reliant upon government investments and liquidity.
 Continuing challenges include continued weakness in the
 U.S. real estate market and increased mortgage loan
 delinquencies, investor anxiety over the U.S. economy,
 rating agency downgrades of various structured products and
 financial issuers, unresolved issues with structured investment
 vehicles and monoline financial guarantee insurers, deleveraging
 of financial institutions and hedge funds and a serious
 dislocation in the inter-bank market. If there is a resumption
 of significant volatility in the markets, it could cause changes
 in interest rates, declines in equity prices, and the
 strengthening or weakening of foreign currencies against the
 U.S. Dollar which, individually or in tandem, could have a
 material adverse effect on our consolidated results of
 operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows through
 realized investment losses, impairments, and changes in
 unrealized loss positions.

 Changes
 in Market Interest Rates May Significantly Affect Our
 Profitability

 Some of our products, principally traditional whole life
 insurance, fixed annuities and guaranteed interest contracts,
 expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce
 our “spread,” or the difference between the amounts
 that we are required to pay under the contracts in our general
 account and the rate of return we are able to earn on general
 account investments intended to support obligations under the
 contracts. Our spread is a key component of our net income.

 As interest rates decrease or remain at low levels, we may be
 forced to reinvest proceeds from investments that have matured
 or have been prepaid or sold at lower yields, reducing our
 investment margin. Moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the
 fixed income securities, commercial or agricultural mortgage
 loans and mortgage-backed securities in our investment portfolio
 with greater frequency in order to borrow at lower market rates,
 which exacerbates this risk. Lowering interest crediting rates
 can help offset decreases in investment margins on some
 products. However, our ability to lower these rates could be
 limited by competition or contractually guaranteed minimum rates
 and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset
 yields. As a result, our spread could decrease or potentially
 become negative. Our expectation for future spreads is an
 important component in the amortization of DAC and VOBA, and
 significantly lower spreads may cause us to accelerate
 amortization, thereby reducing net income in the affected
 reporting period. In addition, during periods of declining
 interest rates, life insurance and annuity products may be
 relatively more attractive investments to consumers, resulting
 in increased premium payments on products with flexible premium
 features, repayment of policy loans and increased persistency,
 or a higher percentage of insurance policies remaining in force
 from year to year, during a period when our new investments
 carry lower returns. A decline in market interest rates could
 also reduce our return on investments that do not support
 particular policy obligations. Accordingly, declining interest
 rates may materially adversely affect our results of operations,
 financial position and cash flows and significantly reduce our
 profitability.

 The sufficiency of our life insurance statutory reserves in
 Taiwan is highly sensitive to interest rates and other related
 assumptions. This is due to the sustained low interest rate
 environment in Taiwan coupled with long-term interest rate
 guarantees of approximately 6% embedded in the life and health
 contracts sold prior to 2003 and the lack of availability of
 long-duration investments in the Taiwanese capital markets to
 match such long-duration liabilities. The key assumptions
 include current Taiwan government bond yield rates increasing
 from current levels of 1.8% to 3.0% over the next ten years, a
 modest increase in lapse rates, mortality and morbidity levels
 remaining consistent with recent experience, and
 U.S. Dollar-denominated investments making up 35% of total
 assets backing

 35

Table of Contents

 life insurance statutory reserves. Current statutory reserve
 adequacy analysis shows that provisions are adequate; however,
 adverse changes in key assumptions for interest rates, lapse
 experience and mortality and morbidity levels could lead to a
 need to strengthen reserves.

 Increases in market interest rates could also negatively affect
 our profitability. In periods of rapidly increasing interest
 rates, we may not be able to replace, in a timely manner, the
 investments in MetLife’s general account with higher
 yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates
 necessary to keep interest sensitive products competitive. We,
 therefore, may have to accept a lower spread and, thus, lower
 profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of
 existing contracts and related assets. In addition, policy
 loans, surrenders and withdrawals may tend to increase as
 policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns as
 interest rates rise. This process may result in cash outflows
 requiring that we sell investments at a time when the prices of
 those investments are adversely affected by the increase in
 market interest rates, which may result in realized investment
 losses. Unanticipated withdrawals and terminations may cause us
 to accelerate the amortization of DAC and VOBA, which would
 increase our current expenses and reduce net income. An increase
 in market interest rates could also have a material adverse
 effect on the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by
 decreasing the estimated fair values of the fixed income
 securities that comprise a substantial portion of our investment
 portfolio. Lastly, an increase in interest rates could result in
 decreased fee income associated with a decline in the value of
 variable annuity account balances invested in fixed income funds.

 Some
 of Our Investments Are Relatively Illiquid and Are in Asset
 Classes that Have Been Experiencing Significant Market Valuation
 Fluctuations

 We hold certain investments that may lack liquidity, such as
 privately-placed fixed maturity securities; mortgage loans;
 policy loans and leveraged leases; equity real estate, including
 real estate joint ventures and funds; and other limited
 partnership interests. These asset classes represented 33.2% of
 the carrying value of our total cash and investments at
 December 31, 2009. Even some of our very high quality
 investments have been more illiquid as a result of the current
 market conditions.

 If we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in
 excess of normal cash requirements or are required to post or
 return cash collateral in connection with our investment
 portfolio, derivatives transactions or securities lending
 program, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a
 timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise
 would have been able to realize, or both.

 The reported value of our relatively illiquid types of
 investments, our investments in the asset classes described
 above and, at times, our high quality, generally liquid asset
 classes, do not necessarily reflect the lowest current market
 price for the asset. If we were forced to sell certain of our
 investments in the current market, there can be no assurance
 that we will be able to sell them for the prices at which we
 have recorded them and we could be forced to sell them at
 significantly lower prices.

 Our
 Participation in a Securities Lending Program Subjects Us to
 Potential Liquidity and Other Risks

 We participate in a securities lending program whereby blocks of
 securities, which are included in fixed maturity securities and
 short-term investments, are loaned to third parties, primarily
 brokerage firms and commercial banks. We generally obtain
 collateral in an amount equal to 102% of the estimated fair
 value of the loaned securities, which is obtained at the
 inception of a loan and maintained at a level greater than or
 equal to 100% for the duration of the loan. In limited
 instances, during the extraordinary market events beginning in
 the fourth quarter of 2008 and through part of 2009, we accepted
 collateral less than 102% at the inception of certain loans, but
 never less than 100%, of the estimated fair value of such loaned
 securities. At December 31, 2009, we had no loans
 outstanding where we had accepted at the inception of the loan
 collateral less than 102%, of the estimated fair value of such
 loaned securities. These loans involved U.S. Government
 Treasury Bills which we considered to have limited variation in
 their estimated fair value during the term of the loan. See
 “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations —
 Investments — Securities Lending.”

 Returns of loaned securities by the third parties would require
 us to return the cash collateral associated with such loaned
 securities. In addition, in some cases, the maturity of the
 securities held as invested collateral (i.e., securities that we
 have purchased with cash received from the third parties) may
 exceed the term of the related

 36

Table of Contents

 securities on loan and the estimated fair value may fall below
 the amount of cash received as collateral and invested. If we
 are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on
 short notice and we are forced to sell securities to meet the
 return obligation, we may have difficulty selling such
 collateral that is invested in securities in a timely manner, be
 forced to sell securities in a volatile or illiquid market for
 less than we otherwise would have been able to realize under
 normal market conditions, or both. In addition, under stressful
 capital market and economic conditions, such as those conditions
 we experienced during 2008 and 2009, liquidity broadly
 deteriorates, which may further restrict our ability to sell
 securities.

 If we decrease the amount of our securities lending activities
 over time, the amount of investment income generated by these
 activities will also likely decline.

 Our
 Requirements to Pledge Collateral or Make Payments Related to
 Declines in Estimated Fair Value of Specified Assets May
 Adversely Affect Our Liquidity and Expose Us to Counterparty
 Credit Risk

 Some of our transactions with financial and other institutions
 specify the circumstances under which the parties are required
 to pledge collateral related to any decline in the estimated
 fair value of the specified assets. In addition, under the terms
 of some of our transactions, we may be required to make payments
 to our counterparties related to any decline in the estimated
 fair value of the specified assets. The amount of collateral we
 may be required to pledge and the payments we may be required to
 make under these agreements may increase under certain
 circumstances, which could adversely affect our liquidity. See
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and
 Capital Resources — The Company — Liquidity
 and Capital Sources — Collateral Financing
 Arrangements” and Note 12 of the Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Gross
 Unrealized Losses on Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities May be
 Realized or Result in Future Impairments, Resulting in a
 Reduction in Our Net Income

 Fixed maturity and equity securities classified as
 available-for-sale,
 except trading securities, are reported at their estimated fair
 value. Unrealized gains or losses on

available-for-sale
 securities are recognized as a component of other comprehensive
 income (loss) and are, therefore, excluded from net income. Our
 gross unrealized losses on fixed maturity and equity securities
 at December 31, 2009 were $10.8 billion. The portion
 of the $10.8 billion of gross unrealized losses for fixed
 maturity and equity securities where the estimated fair value
 has declined and remained below amortized cost or cost by 20% or
 more for six months or greater was $5.1 billion at
 December 31, 2009. The accumulated change in estimated fair
 value of these

available-for-sale
 securities is recognized in net income when the gain or loss is
 realized upon the sale of the security or in the event that the
 decline in estimated fair value is determined to be

other-than-temporary
 and an impairment charge to earnings is taken. Realized losses
 or impairments may have a material adverse effect on our net
 income in a particular quarterly or annual period.

 The
 Determination of the Amount of Allowances and Impairments Taken
 on Our Investments is Highly Subjective and Could Materially
 Impact Our Results of Operations or Financial
 Position

 The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments
 varies by investment type and is based upon our periodic
 evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated
 with the respective asset class. Such evaluations and
 assessments are revised as conditions change and new information
 becomes available. We update our evaluations regularly and
 reflect changes in allowances and impairments in net investment
 losses as such evaluations are revised. There can be no
 assurance that we have accurately assessed the level of
 impairments taken and allowances provided as reflected in our
 consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, additional
 impairments may need to be taken or allowances provided for in
 the future. Historical trends may not be indicative of future
 impairments or allowances.

 For example, the cost of our fixed maturity and equity
 securities is adjusted for impairments deemed to be
 other-than-temporary
 that are charged to earnings in the period in which the
 determination is made. The assessment of whether impairments
 have occurred is based on our

case-by-case
 evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in
 estimated fair value. The review of our fixed maturity and
 equity securities for impairments includes an analysis of the
 total gross unrealized losses by three categories of securities:
 (i) securities where the estimated fair

 37

Table of Contents

 value has declined and remained below cost or amortized cost by
 less than 20%; (ii) securities where the estimated fair
 value has declined and remained below cost or amortized cost by
 20% or more for less than six months; and (iii) securities
 where the estimated fair value has declined and remained below
 cost or amortized cost by 20% or more for six months or greater.

 Additionally, we consider a wide range of factors about the
 security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the
 cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security
 and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. Inherent
 in our evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates
 about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings
 potential. Considerations in the impairment evaluation process
 include, but are not limited to: (i) the length of time and
 the extent to which the estimated fair value has been below cost
 or amortized cost; (ii) the potential for impairments of
 securities when the issuer is experiencing significant financial
 difficulties; (iii) the potential for impairments in an
 entire industry sector or
 sub-sector;
 (iv) the potential for impairments in certain economically
 depressed geographic locations; (v) the potential for
 impairments of securities where the issuer, series of issuers or
 industry has suffered a catastrophic type of loss or has
 exhausted natural resources; (vi) with respect to fixed
 maturity securities, whether we have the intent to sell or will
 more likely than not be required to sell a particular security
 before recovery of the decline in estimated fair value below
 cost or amortized cost; (vii) with respect to equity
 securities, whether we have the ability and intent to hold a
 particular security for a period of time sufficient to allow for
 the recovery of its estimated fair value to an amount at least
 equal to its cost; (viii) unfavorable changes in forecasted
 cash flows on mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities; and
 (ix) other subjective factors, including concentrations and
 information obtained from regulators and rating agencies.

 Defaults
 on Our Mortgage Loans and Volatility in Performance May
 Adversely Affect Our Profitability

 Our mortgage loans face default risk and are principally
 collateralized by commercial, agricultural and residential