Difficult
 Conditions in the Global Capital Markets and the Economy
 Generally May Materially Adversely Affect Our Business and
 Results of Operations and These Conditions May Not Improve in
 the Near Future

 Our business and results of operations are materially affected
 by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy
 generally, both in the U.S. and elsewhere around the world.
 Stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global
 capital markets or in particular markets or financial asset
 classes can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we
 have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities
 are sensitive to changing market factors. Disruptions in one
 market or asset class can also spread to other markets or asset
 classes. Although the disruption in the global financial markets
 that began in late 2007 has moderated, not all global financial
 markets are functioning normally, and some remain reliant upon
 government intervention and liquidity. Upheavals in the
 financial markets can also affect our business through their
 effects on general levels of economic activity, employment and
 customer behavior. Although the recent recession in the U.S.
 ended in June of 2009, the recovery from the recession has been
 below historic averages and the unemployment rate is expected to
 remain high for some time. In addition, inflation is expected to
 remain at low levels for some time. Some economists believe that
 some level of disinflation and deflation risk remains in the
 U.S. economy. The global recession and disruption of the
 financial markets has led to concerns over capital markets
 access and the solvency of certain European Union member states,
 including Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece and Spain. The
 Japanese economy, to which we face increased exposure as a
 result of the Acquisition, continues to experience low nominal
 growth, a deflationary environment, and weak consumer spending.

 Our revenues and net investment income are likely to remain
 under pressure in such circumstances and our profit margins
 could erode. Also, in the event of extreme prolonged market
 events, such as the recent global credit crisis, we could incur
 significant capital
 and/or
 operating losses. Even in the absence of a market downturn, we
 are exposed to substantial risk of loss due to market volatility.

 We are a significant writer of variable annuity products. The
 account values of these products decrease as a result of
 downturns in capital markets. Decreases in account values reduce
 the fees generated by our variable annuity products, cause the
 amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs
 (“DAC”) to accelerate and could increase the level of
 insurance liabilities we must carry to support those variable
 annuities issued with any associated guarantees.

 Factors such as consumer spending, business investment,
 government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital
 markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic
 environment and, ultimately, the amount and

 28

Table of Contents

 profitability of our business. In an economic downturn
 characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower
 corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer
 spending, the demand for our financial and insurance products
 could be adversely affected. Group insurance, in particular, is
 affected by the higher unemployment rate. In addition, we may
 experience an elevated incidence of claims and lapses or
 surrenders of policies. Our policyholders may choose to defer
 paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums
 altogether. Adverse changes in the economy could affect earnings
 negatively and could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, results of operations and financial condition. The
 recent market turmoil has precipitated, and may continue to
 raise the possibility of, legislative, regulatory and
 governmental actions. We cannot predict whether or when such
 actions may occur, or what impact, if any, such actions could
 have on our business, results of operations and financial
 condition. See “— Actions of the
 U.S. Government, Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Other
 Governmental and Regulatory Bodies for the Purpose of
 Stabilizing and Revitalizing the Financial Markets and
 Protecting Investors and Consumers May Not Achieve the Intended
 Effect or Could Adversely Affect MetLife’s Competitive
 Position,” “— Various Aspects of Dodd-Frank
 Could Impact Our Business Operations, Capital Requirements and
 Profitability and Limit Our Growth,” “— Our
 Insurance, Brokerage and Banking Businesses Are Heavily
 Regulated, and Changes in Regulation May Reduce Our
 Profitability and Limit Our Growth” and
 “— Competitive Factors May Adversely Affect Our
 Market Share and Profitability.”

 Adverse
 Capital and Credit Market Conditions May Significantly Affect
 Our Ability to Meet Liquidity Needs, Access to Capital and Cost
 of Capital

 The capital and credit markets are sometimes subject to periods
 of extreme volatility and disruption. Such volatility and
 disruption could cause liquidity and credit capacity for certain
 issuers to be limited.

 We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our
 debt and dividends on our capital stock, maintain our securities
 lending activities and replace certain maturing liabilities.
 Without sufficient liquidity, we will be forced to curtail our
 operations, and our business will suffer. The principal sources
 of our liquidity are insurance premiums, annuity considerations,
 deposit funds, and cash flow from our investment portfolio and
 assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily
 convertible into cash. Sources of liquidity in normal markets
 also include short-term instruments such as funding agreements
 and commercial paper. Sources of capital in normal markets
 include long-term instruments, medium- and long-term debt,
 junior subordinated debt securities, capital securities and
 equity securities.

 In the event market or other conditions have an adverse impact
 on our capital and liquidity beyond expectations and our current
 resources do not satisfy our needs, we may have to seek
 additional financing. The availability of additional financing
 will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions,
 regulatory considerations, the general availability of credit,
 the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of
 credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings
 and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers
 or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or
 short-term financial prospects if we incur large investment
 losses or if the level of our business activity decreases due to
 a market downturn. Similarly, our access to funds may be
 impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take
 negative actions against us. Our internal sources of liquidity
 may prove to be insufficient and, in such case, we may not be
 able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable
 terms, or at all.

 Our liquidity requirements may change if, among other things, we
 are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on
 short notice under securities lending agreements.

 Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit
 markets may also limit our access to capital required to operate
 our business, most significantly our insurance operations. Such
 market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely
 manner, maturing liabilities; satisfy regulatory capital
 requirements (under both insurance and banking laws); and access
 the capital necessary to grow our business. See
 “Business — U.S. Regulation —
 Financial Holding Company Regulation” for information
 relating to the possible impact of Basel II and
 Basel III on the Company. As such, we may be forced to
 delay raising capital, issue different types of securities than
 we would otherwise, less effectively deploy such capital, issue
 shorter tenor securities than we prefer, or bear an unattractive
 cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and
 significantly reduce our financial flexibility. Our results of
 operations, financial condition, cash flows and statutory
 capital position could be materially adversely affected by
 disruptions in the financial markets.

 29

Table of Contents

 Actions
 of the U.S. Government, Federal Reserve Bank of New York and
 Other Governmental and Regulatory Bodies for the Purpose of
 Stabilizing and Revitalizing the Financial Markets and
 Protecting Investors and Consumers May Not Achieve the Intended
 Effect or Could Adversely Affect MetLife’s Competitive
 Position

 In recent years, Congress, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
 the FDIC, the U.S. Treasury and other agencies of the
 U.S. federal government took a number of increasingly
 aggressive actions (in addition to continuing a series of
 interest rate reductions that began in the second half of
 2007) intended to provide liquidity to financial
 institutions and markets, to avert a loss of investor confidence
 in particular troubled institutions, to prevent or contain the
 spread of the financial crisis and to spur economic growth. Most
 of these programs have largely run their course or been
 discontinued. More likely to be relevant to MetLife, Inc. is the
 monetary policy implemented by the Federal Reserve Board, as
 well as Dodd-Frank, which will significantly change financial
 regulation in the U.S. in a number of areas that could
 affect MetLife. Given the large number of provisions that must
 be implemented through regulatory action, we cannot predict what
 impact this could have on our business, results of operations
 and financial condition.

 It is not certain what effect the enactment of Dodd-Frank will
 have on the financial markets, the availability of credit, asset
 prices and MetLife’s operations. See
 “— Various Aspects of Dodd-Frank Could Impact Our
 Business Operations, Capital Requirements and Profitability and
 Limit Our Growth.” In addition, the U.S. federal
 government (including the FDIC) and private lenders have
 instituted programs to reduce the monthly payment obligations of
 mortgagors
 and/or
 reduce the principal payable on residential mortgage loans. As a
 result of such programs or of any legislation requiring loan
 modifications, we may need to maintain or increase our
 engagement in similar activities in order to comply with program
 or statutory requirements and to remain competitive. We cannot
 predict whether the funds made available by the
 U.S. federal government and its agencies will be enough to
 continue stabilizing or to further revive the financial markets
 or, if additional amounts are necessary, whether the Federal
 Reserve Board will make funds available, whether Congress will
 be willing to make the necessary appropriations, what the
 public’s sentiment would be towards any such
 appropriations, or what additional requirements or conditions
 might be imposed on the use of any such additional funds.

 The choices made by the U.S. Treasury, the Federal Reserve
 Board and the FDIC in their distribution of funds under EESA and
 any future asset purchase programs, as well as any decisions
 made regarding the imposition of additional regulation on large
 financial institutions may have, over time, the effect of
 supporting or burdening some aspects of the financial services
 industry more than others. Some of our competitors have
 received, or may in the future receive, benefits under one or
 more of the federal government’s programs. This could
 adversely affect our competitive position. See
 “— Competitive Factors May Adversely Affect Our
 Market Share and Profitability.” See also
 “— New and Impending Compensation and Corporate
 Governance Regulations Could Hinder or Prevent Us From
 Attracting and Retaining Management and Other Employees with the
 Talent and Experience to Manage and Conduct Our Business
 Effectively” and “— Our Insurance, Brokerage
 and Banking Businesses Are Heavily Regulated, and Changes in
 Regulation May Reduce Our Profitability and Limit Our
 Growth.”

 Our
 Insurance, Brokerage and Banking Businesses Are Heavily
 Regulated, and Changes in Regulation May Reduce Our
 Profitability and Limit Our Growth

 Our insurance operations are subject to a wide variety of
 insurance and other laws and regulations. See
 “Business — U.S. Regulation —
 Insurance Regulation.” State insurance laws regulate most
 aspects of our U.S. insurance businesses, and our insurance
 subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance departments of the
 states in which they are domiciled and the states in which they
 are licensed. Our
 non-U.S. insurance
 operations are principally regulated by insurance regulatory
 authorities in the jurisdictions in which they are domiciled or
 operate. See “Business — International
 Regulation.”

 State laws in the U.S. grant insurance regulatory authorities
 broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things:

 • 

 licensing companies and agents to transact business;

 • 

 calculating the value of assets to determine compliance with
 statutory requirements;

 • 

 mandating certain insurance benefits;

 30

Table of Contents

 • 

 regulating certain premium rates;

 • 

 reviewing and approving policy forms;

 • 

 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through
 the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices,
 distribution arrangements and payment of inducements;

 • 

 regulating advertising;

 • 

 protecting privacy;

 • 

 establishing statutory capital and reserve requirements and
 solvency standards;

 • 

 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and
 minimum rates for guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance
 policies and annuity contracts;

 • 

 approving changes in control of insurance companies;

 • 

 restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions
 between affiliates; and

 • 

 regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments.

 State insurance guaranty associations have the right to assess
 insurance companies doing business in their state for funds to
 help pay the obligations of insolvent insurance companies to
 policyholders and claimants. Because the amount and timing of an
 assessment is beyond our control, the liabilities that we have
 currently established for these potential liabilities may not be
 adequate. See “Business —
 U.S. Regulation — Insurance
 Regulation — Guaranty Associations and Similar
 Arrangements.”

 State insurance regulators and the NAIC regularly reexamine
 existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies
 and their products. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in
 interpretations thereof, are often made for the benefit of the
 consumer at the expense of the insurer and, thus, could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations.

 Currently, the U.S. federal government does not directly
 regulate the business of insurance. However,
 Dodd-Frank
 allows federal regulators to compel state insurance regulators
 to liquidate an insolvent insurer under some circumstances if
 the state regulators have not acted within a specific period. It
 also establishes the Federal Insurance Office which has the
 authority to participate in the negotiations of international
 insurance agreements with foreign regulators for the U.S. The
 Federal Insurance Office also is authorized to collect
 information about the insurance industry and recommend
 prudential standards.

 Federal legislation and administrative policies in several areas
 can significantly and adversely affect insurance companies.
 These areas include financial services regulation, securities
 regulation, pension regulation, health care regulation, privacy,
 tort reform legislation and taxation. In addition, various forms
 of direct and indirect federal regulation of insurance have been
 proposed from time to time, including proposals for the
 establishment of an optional federal charter for insurance
 companies. Other aspects of our insurance operations could also
 be affected by Dodd-Frank. For example, Dodd-Frank imposes new
 restrictions on the ability of affiliates of insured depository
 institutions (such as MetLife Bank) to engage in proprietary
 trading or sponsor or invest in hedge funds or private equity
 funds. See “— Various Aspects of Dodd-Frank Could
 Impact Our Business Operations, Capital Requirements and
 Profitability and Limit Our Growth.”

 As a federally chartered national association, MetLife Bank is
 subject to a wide variety of banking laws, regulations and
 guidelines. Federal banking laws regulate most aspects of the
 business of MetLife Bank, but certain state laws may apply as
 well. MetLife Bank is principally regulated by the OCC, the
 Federal Reserve and the FDIC.

 Federal banking laws and regulations address various aspects of
 MetLife Bank’s business and operations with respect to,
 among other things:

 • 

 chartering to carry on business as a bank;

 • 

 the permissibility of certain activities;

 • 

 maintaining minimum capital ratios;

 31

Table of Contents

 • 

 capital management in relation to the bank’s assets;

 • 

 dividend payments;

 • 

 safety and soundness standards;

 • 

 loan loss and other related liabilities;

 • 

 liquidity;

 • 

 financial reporting and disclosure standards;

 • 

 counterparty credit concentration;

 • 

 restrictions on related party and affiliate transactions;

 • 

 lending limits (and, in addition, Dodd-Frank includes the credit
 exposures arising from securities lending by MetLife Bank within
 lending limits otherwise applicable to loans);

 • 

 payment of interest;

 • 

 unfair or deceptive acts or practices;

 • 

 privacy; and

 • 

 bank holding company and bank change of control.

 Federal and state banking regulators regularly re-examine
 existing laws and regulations applicable to banks and their
 products. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in
 interpretations thereof, are often made for the benefit of the
 consumer at the expense of the bank and, thus, could have a
 material adverse effect on the financial condition and results
 of operations of MetLife Bank.

 In addition, Dodd-Frank establishes a new Bureau of Consumer
 Financial Protection that supervises and regulates institutions
 providing certain financial products and services to consumers.
 Although the consumer financial services to which this
 legislation applies exclude insurance business of the kind in
 which we engage, the new Bureau has authority to regulate
 consumer services provided by MetLife Bank and non-insurance
 consumer services provided elsewhere throughout MetLife.
 Dodd-Frank established a statutory standard for Federal
 pre-emption of state consumer financial protection laws, which
 standard will require national banks to comply with many state
 consumer financial protection laws that previously were
 considered preempted by Federal law. As a result, the regulatory
 and compliance burden on MetLife Bank may increase and could
 adversely affect its business and results of operations.
 Dodd-Frank also includes provisions on mortgage lending,
 anti-predatory lending and other regulatory and supervisory
 provisions that could impact the business and operations of
 MetLife Bank.

 Dodd-Frank also authorizes the SEC to establish a standard of
 conduct applicable to brokers and dealers when providing
 personalized investment advice to retail and other customers.
 This standard of conduct would be to act in the best interest of
 the customer without regard to the financial or other interest
 of the broker or dealer providing the advice. See
 “Business — U.S. Regulation —
 Banking Regulation” and “— Changes in
 U.S. Federal and State Securities Laws and Regulations, and
 State Insurance Regulations Regarding Suitability of Annuity
 Product Sales, May Affect Our Operations and Our
 Profitability.”

 In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
 published Basel III for banks and bank holding companies,
 such as MetLife, Inc. Assuming regulators in the U.S. endorse
 and adopt Basel III, it will require banks and bank holding
 companies to hold greater amounts of capital, to comply with
 requirements for short-term liquidity and to reduce reliance on
 short-term funding sources. See “Business —
 U.S. Regulation — Financial Holding Company
 Regulation — Capital” and “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Industry Trends — Financial and
 Economic Environment.” It is not clear how these new
 requirements will compare to the enhanced prudential standards
 that may apply to us under Dodd-Frank. See
 “— Various Aspects of Dodd-Frank Could Impact Our
 Business Operations, Capital Requirements and Profitability and
 Limit Our Growth.”

 32

Table of Contents

 As a bank holding company, MetLife, Inc.’s ability to pay
 dividends may be restricted by the Federal Reserve Bank of
 New York. In addition, the ability of MetLife Bank and
 MetLife, Inc. to pay dividends could be restricted by any
 additional capital requirements that might be imposed as a
 result of the enactment of Dodd-Frank
 and/or the
 endorsement and adoption by the U.S. of Basel III.

 The FDIC has the right to assess FDIC-insured banks for funds to
 help pay the obligations of insolvent banks to depositors.
 Because the amount and timing of an assessment is beyond our
 control, the liabilities that we have currently established for
 these potential liabilities may not be adequate. In addition,
 Dodd-Frank will result in increased assessment for banks with
 assets of $10.0 billion or more, which includes MetLife
 Bank.

 Our international operations are subject to regulation in the
 jurisdictions in which they operate, as described further under
 “Business — International Regulation.” A
 significant portion of our revenues are generated through
 operations in foreign jurisdictions, including many countries in
 early stages of economic and political development. Our
 international operations may be materially adversely affected by
 foreign authorities and regulators, such as through
 nationalization or expropriation of assets, the imposition of
 limits on foreign ownership, changes in laws or their
 interpretation or application, political instability, dividend
 limitations, price controls, currency exchange controls or other
 restrictions that prevent us from transferring funds from these
 operations out of the countries in which they operate or
 converting local currencies we hold to U.S. dollars or
 other currencies, as well as adverse actions by foreign
 governmental authorities and regulators. This may also impact
 many of our customers and independent sales intermediaries.
 Changes in the regulations that affect their operations also may
 affect our business relationships with them and their ability to
 purchase or distribute our products. Accordingly, these changes
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 and results of operations.

 Our international operations are subject to local laws and
 regulations, and we expect the scope and extent of regulation
 outside of the U.S., as well as regulatory oversight, generally
 to continue to increase. The authority of our international
 operations to conduct business is subject to licensing
 requirements, permits and approvals, and these authorizations
 are subject to modification and revocation. The regulatory
 environment in the countries in which we operate and changes in
 laws could have a material adverse effect on us and our foreign
 operations. See “— Our International Operations
 Face Political, Legal, Operational and Other Risks, Including
 Exposure to Local and Regional Economic Conditions, that Could
 Negatively Affect Those Operations or Our Profitability”
 and “Business — International Regulation.”

 Furthermore, the increase in our international operations as a
 result of the acquisition of ALICO may also subject us to
 increased supervision by the Federal Reserve Board, since the
 size of a bank holding company’s foreign activities is
 taken as an indication of the holding company’s complexity.
 It may also have an effect on the manner in which MetLife, Inc.
 is required to calculate its RBC.

 Compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time
 consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and
 regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect
 compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations.

 From time to time, regulators raise issues during examinations
 or audits of MetLife, Inc.’s regulated subsidiaries that
 could, if determined adversely, have a material impact on us. We
 cannot predict whether or when regulatory actions may be taken
 that could adversely affect our operations. In addition, the
 interpretations of regulations by regulators may change and
 statutes may be enacted with retroactive impact, particularly in
 areas such as accounting or statutory reserve requirements.

 We are also subject to other regulations and may in the future
 become subject to additional regulations. See
 “Business — U.S. Regulation” and
 “Business — International Regulation.”

 33

Table of Contents

 Various
 Aspects of Dodd-Frank Could Impact Our Business Operations,
 Capital Requirements and Profitability and Limit Our
 Growth

 On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed Dodd-Frank.
 Various provisions of Dodd-Frank could affect our business
 operations and our profitability and limit our growth. For
 example:

 • 

 As a large, interconnected bank holding company with assets of
 $50 billion or more, or possibly as an otherwise
 systemically important financial company, MetLife, Inc. will be
 subject to enhanced prudential standards imposed on systemically
 significant financial companies. Enhanced standards will be
 applied to RBC, liquidity, leverage (unless another, similar,
 standard is appropriate), resolution plan and credit exposure
 reporting, concentration limits, and risk management.
 Off-balance sheet activities are required to be accounted for in
 meeting capital requirements. In addition, if it were determined
 that MetLife posed a substantial threat to U.S. financial
 stability, the applicable federal regulators would have the
 right to require it to take one or more other mitigating actions
 to reduce that risk, including limiting its ability to merge
 with or acquire another company, terminating activities,
 restricting its ability to offer financial products or requiring
 it to sell assets or off-balance sheet items to unaffiliated
 entities. Enhanced standards would also permit, but not require,
 regulators to establish requirements with respect to contingent
 capital, enhanced public disclosures and short-term debt limits.
 These standards are described as being more stringent than those
 otherwise imposed on bank holding companies; however, the
 Federal Reserve Board is permitted to apply them on an
 institution-by-institution
 basis, depending on its determination of the institution’s
 riskiness. In addition, under Dodd-Frank, all bank holding
 companies that have elected to be treated as financial holding
 companies, such as MetLife, Inc. will be required to be
 “well capitalized” and “well managed” as
 defined by the Federal Reserve Board, on a consolidated basis
 and not just at their depository institution(s), a higher
 standard than was applicable to financial holding companies
 before

Dodd-Frank.

 • 

 MetLife, Inc., as a bank holding company, will have to meet
 minimum leverage ratio and RBC requirements on a consolidated
 basis to be established by the Federal Reserve Board that are
 not less than those applicable to insured depository
 institutions under so-called prompt corrective action
 regulations as in effect on the date of the enactment of
 Dodd-Frank. One consequence of these new rules will ultimately
 be the inability of bank holding companies to include
 trust-preferred securities as part of their Tier 1 capital.
 Because of the phase-in period for these new rules, they should
 have little practical effect on MetLife’s ability to treat
 its currently outstanding trust-preferred securities as part of
 its Tier 1 capital, but they do prevent MetLife, Inc. from
 treating the common equity units issued as part of the
 consideration for the Acquisition as Tier I capital, since
 the new rules apply immediately to instruments issued after
 May 19, 2010.

 • 

 Under the provisions of Dodd-Frank relating to the resolution or
 liquidation of certain types of financial institutions,
 including bank holding companies, if MetLife, Inc. were to
 become insolvent or were in danger of defaulting on its
 obligations, it could be compelled to undergo liquidation with
 the FDIC as receiver. For this new regime to be applicable, a
 number of determinations would have to be made, including that a
 default by the affected company would have serious adverse
 effects on financial stability in the U.S. If the FDIC were to
 be appointed as the receiver for such a company, the liquidation
 of that company would occur under the provisions of the new
 liquidation authority, and not under the Bankruptcy Code. In
 such a liquidation, the holders of such company’s debt
 could in certain a respects be treated differently than under
 the Bankruptcy Code. In particular, unsecured creditors and
 shareholders are intended to bear the losses of the company
 being liquidated. The FDIC is authorized to establish rules for
 the priority of creditors’ claims and, under certain
 circumstances, to treat similarly situated creditors
 differently. These provisions could apply to some financial
 institutions whose outstanding debt securities we hold in our
 investment portfolios. Dodd-Frank also provides for the
 assessment of bank holding companies with assets of
 $50.0 billion or more, non-bank financial companies
 supervised by the Federal Reserve Bank, and other financial
 companies with assets of $50.0 billion or more to cover the
 costs of liquidating any financial company subject to the new
 liquidation authority. Although it is not possible to assess the
 full impact of the liquidation authority at this time, it could
 affect the funding costs of large bank holding companies or
 financial companies that might be viewed as systemically
 significant. It could also lead to an increase in secured
 financings.

 • 

 Dodd-Frank also includes a new framework of regulation of the
 OTC derivatives markets which will require clearing of certain
 types of transactions currently traded OTC and could potentially
 impose additional costs,

 34

Table of Contents

 including new capital, reporting and margin requirements and
 additional regulation on the Company. Increased margin
 requirements on MetLife, Inc.’s part and a smaller universe
 of securities that will qualify as eligible collateral could
 reduce its liquidity and require an increase in its holdings of
 cash and government securities with lower yields causing a
 reduction in income. However, increased margin requirements and
 the expanded ability to transfer trades between MetLife,
 Inc.’s counterparties could reduce MetLife, Inc.’s
 exposure to its counterparties’ default. MetLife, Inc. uses
 derivatives to mitigate a wide range of risks in connection with
 its businesses, including the impact of increased benefit
 exposures from our annuity products that offer guaranteed
 benefits. The derivative clearing requirements of
 Dodd-Frank
 could increase the cost of our risk mitigation and expose us to
 the risk of a default by a clearinghouse or one of its members.
 In addition, we are subject to the risk that hedging and other
 management procedures prove ineffective in reducing the risks to
 which insurance policies expose us or that unanticipated
 policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market
 events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk
 management techniques employed. Any such losses could be
 increased by any higher costs of writing derivatives (including
 customized derivatives) that might result from the enactment of
 Dodd-Frank.

 • 

 Dodd-Frank restricts the ability of insured depository
 institutions and of companies, such as MetLife, Inc., that
 control an insured depository institution and their affiliates,
 to engage in proprietary trading and to sponsor or invest in
 funds (hedge funds and private equity funds) that rely on
 certain exemptions from the Investment Company Act. Dodd-Frank
 provides an exemption for investment activity by a regulated
 insurance company or its affiliate solely for the general
 account of such insurance company if such activity is in
 compliance with the insurance company investments laws of the
 state or jurisdiction in which such company is domiciled and the
 appropriate Federal regulators after consultation with relevant
 insurance commissioners have not jointly determined such laws to
 be insufficient to protect the safety and soundness of the
 institution or the financial stability of the U.S.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the appropriate Federal
 regulatory authorities are permitted under the legislation to
 impose, as part of rulemaking, additional capital requirements
 and other restrictions on any exempted activity. Dodd-Frank
 provides for a period of study and rule making during which the
 effects of the statutory language may be clarified. Among other
 considerations, the study is to assess and include
 recommendations so as to appropriately accommodate the business
 of insurance within an insurance company subject to regulation
 in accordance with relevant insurance company investments laws.
 While these provisions of Dodd-Frank are supposed to accommodate
 the business of insurance, until the related study and
 rulemaking are complete, it is unclear whether MetLife, Inc. may
 have to alter any of its future investment activities to comply.

 • 

 Until various studies are completed and final regulations are
 promulgated pursuant to Dodd-Frank, the full impact of
 Dodd-Frank on the investments and investment activities and
 insurance and annuity products of MetLife, Inc. and its
 subsidiaries remains unclear. For example, besides directly
 limiting our future investment activities, Dodd-Frank could
 potentially negatively impact the market for, the returns from,
 or liquidity in, primary and secondary investments in private
 equity funds and hedge funds that are connected to (either
 through a fund sponsorship or investor relationship) an insured
 depository institution. The number of sponsors of such funds
 going forward may diminish, which may impact our available fund
 investment opportunities. Although Dodd-Frank provides for
 various transition periods for coming into compliance, fund
 sponsors that are subject to Dodd-Frank, and whose funds we have
 invested in, may have to spin off their funds business or reduce
 their ownership stakes in their funds, thereby potentially
 impacting our related investments in such funds. In addition,
 should such funds be required or choose to liquidate or sell
 their underlying assets, the market value and liquidity of such
 assets or the broader related asset classes could negatively be
 affected, including securities and real estate assets that
 MetLife, Inc. and its subsidiaries hold or may plan to sell.
 Secondary sales of fund interests at significant discounts by
 banking institutions and their affiliates, which are not fund
 sponsors but nevertheless are subject to the divestment
 requirements of
 Dodd-Frank,
 could reduce the returns realized by investors such as MetLife,
 Inc. and its subsidiaries seeking to access liquidity by selling
 their fund interests. In addition, our existing derivatives
 counterparties and the financial institutions subject to
 Dodd-Frank in which we have invested also could be negatively
 impacted by Dodd-Frank. See also “— New and
 Impending Compensation and Corporate Governance Regulations
 Could Hinder or Prevent Us From Attracting and Retaining
 Management and Other Employees with the Talent and Experience to
 Manage and Conduct Our Business Effectively.”

 35

Table of Contents

 • 

 In addition, Dodd-Frank statutorily imposes the requirement that
 MetLife, Inc. serve as a source of strength for MetLife Bank.

 The addition of a new regulatory regime over MetLife, Inc. and
 its subsidiaries, the likelihood of additional regulations, and
 the other changes discussed above could require changes to
 MetLife, Inc.’s operations. Whether such changes would
 affect our competitiveness in comparison to other institutions
 is uncertain, since it is possible that at least some of our
 competitors, for example insurance holding companies that
 control thrifts, rather than banks, will be similarly affected.
 Competitive effects are possible, however, if MetLife, Inc. were
 required to pay any new or increased assessments and capital
 requirements are imposed, and to the extent any new prudential
 supervisory standards are imposed on MetLife, Inc. but not on
 its competitors. We cannot predict whether other proposals will
 be adopted, or what impact, if any, the adoption of Dodd-Frank
 or other proposals and the resulting studies and regulations
 could have on our business, financial condition or results of
 operations or on our dealings with other financial companies.
 See also “— Our Insurance, Brokerage and Banking
 Businesses are Heavily Regulated, and Changes in Regulation May
 Reduce Our Profitability and Limit Our Growth” and
 “— New and Impending Compensation and Corporate
 Governance Regulations Could Hinder or Prevent Us From
 Attracting and Retaining Management and Other Employees with the
 Talent and Experience to Manage and Conduct Our Business
 Effectively.”

 Moreover, Dodd-Frank potentially affects such a wide range of
 the activities and markets in which MetLife, Inc. and its
 subsidiaries engage and participate that it may not be possible
 to anticipate all of the ways in which it could affect us. For
 example, many of our methods for managing risk and exposures are
 based upon the use of observed historical market behavior or
 statistics based on historical models. Historical market
 behavior may be altered by the enactment of Dodd-Frank. As a
 result of this enactment and otherwise, these methods may not
 fully predict future exposures, which could be significantly
 greater than our historical measures indicate.

 The
 Resolution of Several Issues Affecting the Financial Services
 Industry Could Have a Negative Impact on Our Reported Results or
 on Our Relations with Current and Potential
 Customers

 We will continue to be subject to legal and regulatory actions
 in the ordinary course of our business, both in the U.S. and
 internationally. This could result in a review of business sold
 in the past under previously acceptable market practices at the
 time. Regulators are increasingly interested in the approach
 that product providers use to select third-party distributors
 and to monitor the appropriateness of sales made by them. In
 some cases, product providers can be held responsible for the
 deficiencies of third-party distributors.

 As a result of publicity relating to widespread perceptions of
 industry abuses, there have been numerous regulatory inquiries
 and proposals for legislative and regulatory reforms.

 In Asia, where MetLife derives and will continue to derive a
 significant portion of its income, regulatory regimes are
 developing at different speeds, driven by a combination of
 global factors and local considerations. New requirements may be
 introduced that are retrospectively applied to sales made prior
 to their introduction.

 We Are
 Exposed to Significant Financial and Capital Markets Risk Which
 May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations, Financial
 Condition and Liquidity, and May Cause Our Net Investment Income
 to Vary from Period to Period

 We are exposed to significant financial and capital markets
 risk, including changes in interest rates, credit spreads,
 equity prices, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange
 rates, market volatility, the performance of the global economy
 in general, the performance of the specific obligors, including
 governments, included in our portfolio and other factors outside
 our control.

 Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the
 market price and cash flow variability associated with changes
 in interest rates. Changes in interest rates will impact the net
 unrealized gain or loss position of our fixed income investment
 portfolio. If long-term interest rates rise dramatically within
 a six to twelve month time period, certain of our life insurance
 businesses and fixed annuity business may be exposed to
 disintermediation risk. Disintermediation risk refers to the
 risk that our policyholders may surrender their contracts in a
 rising interest rate environment, requiring us to liquidate
 fixed income investments in an unrealized loss position. Due to
 the long-term

 36

Table of Contents

 nature of the liabilities associated with certain of our life
 insurance businesses, guaranteed benefits on variable annuities,
 and structured settlements, sustained declines in long-term
 interest rates may subject us to reinvestment risks and
 increased hedging costs. In other situations, declines in
 interest rates may result in increasing the duration of certain
 life insurance liabilities, creating asset-liability duration
 mismatches.

 Our investment portfolio also contains interest rate sensitive
 instruments, such as fixed income securities, which may be
 adversely affected by changes in interest rates from
 governmental monetary policies, domestic and international
 economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our
 control. Changes in interest rates will impact both the net
 unrealized gain or loss position of our fixed income portfolio
 and the rates of return we receive on funds invested. Our
 mitigation efforts with respect to interest rate risk are
 primarily focused towards maintaining an investment portfolio
 with diversified maturities that has a weighted average duration
 that is approximately equal to the duration of our estimated
 liability cash flow profile. However, our estimate of the
 liability cash flow profile may be inaccurate and we may be
 forced to liquidate fixed income investments prior to maturity
 at a loss in order to cover the cash flow profile of the
 liability. Although we take measures to manage the economic
 risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we
 may not be able to mitigate the interest rate risk of our fixed
 income investments relative to our liabilities. See also
 “— Changes in Market Interest Rates May
 Significantly Affect Our Profitability.”

 Our exposure to credit spreads primarily relates to market price
 volatility and cash flow variability associated with changes in
 credit spreads. A widening of credit spreads will adversely
 impact both the net unrealized gain or loss position of the
 fixed-income investment portfolio, will increase losses
 associated with credit-based non-qualifying derivatives where we
 assume credit exposure, and, if issuer credit spreads increase
 significantly or for an extended period of time, will likely
 result in higher
 other-than-temporary
 impairments. Credit spread tightening will reduce net investment
 income associated with new purchases of fixed maturity
 securities. In addition, market volatility can make it difficult
 to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less
 frequent. As such, valuations may include assumptions or
 estimates that may have significant period to period changes
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations or financial condition. Credit spreads on both
 corporate and structured securities widened significantly during
 2008, resulting in continuing depressed pricing. As a result of
 improved conditions, credit spreads narrowed in 2009 and changed
 to a lesser extent in 2010. If there is a resumption of
 significant volatility in the markets, it could cause changes in
 credit spreads and defaults and a lack of pricing transparency
 which, individually or in tandem, could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations, financial condition,
 liquidity or cash flows through realized investment losses,
 impairments, and changes in unrealized loss positions.

 Our primary exposure to equity risk relates to the potential for
 lower earnings associated with certain of our insurance
 businesses where fee income is earned based upon the estimated
 fair value of the assets under management. Downturns and
 volatility in equity markets can have a material adverse effect
 on the revenues and investment returns from our savings and
 investment products and services. Because these products and
 services generate fees related primarily to the value of assets
 under management, a decline in the equity markets could reduce
 our revenues from the reduction in the value of the investments
 we manage. The retail variable annuity business in particular is
 highly sensitive to equity markets, and a sustained weakness in
 the equity markets could decrease revenues and earnings in
 variable annuity products. Furthermore, certain of our variable
 annuity products offer guaranteed benefits which increase our
 potential benefit exposure should equity markets decline.
 MetLife, Inc. uses derivatives and reinsurance to mitigate the
 impact of such increased potential benefit exposures. We are
 also exposed to interest rate and equity risk based upon the
 discount rate and expected long-term rate of return assumptions
 associated with our pension and other postretirement benefit
 obligations. Sustained declines in long-term interest rates or
 equity returns likely would have a negative effect on the funded
 status of these plans. Lastly, we invest a portion of our
 investments in public and private equity securities, leveraged
 buy-out funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds and
 the estimated fair value of such investments may be impacted by
 downturns or volatility in equity markets.

 Our primary exposure to real estate risk relates to commercial
 and agricultural real estate. Our exposure to commercial and
 agricultural real estate risk stems from various factors. These
 factors include, but are not limited to, market conditions
 including the demand and supply of leasable commercial space,
 creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets
 volatility and the inherent interest rate movement. In addition,
 our real estate joint venture development program is subject to
 risks, including, but not limited to, reduced property sales and
 decreased availability of financing which could adversely impact
 the joint venture developments
 and/or
 operations. The state of the economy

 37

Table of Contents

 and speed of recovery in fundamental and capital market
 conditions in the commercial and agricultural real estate
 sectors will continue to influence the performance of our
 investments in these sectors. These factors and others beyond
 our control could have a material adverse effect on our results
 of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows
 through net investment income, realized investment losses and
 levels of valuation allowances.

 Our investment portfolio contains investments in government
 bonds issued by European nations. Recently, the European Union
 member states have experienced above average public debt,
 inflation and unemployment as the global economic downturn has
 developed. A number of member states are significantly impacted
 by the economies of their more influential neighbors, such as
 Germany. In addition, financial troubles of one nation can
 trigger a domino effect on others. In particular, a number of
 large European banks hold significant amounts of sovereign
 financial institution debt of other European nations and could
 experience difficulties as a result of defaults or declines in
 the value of such debt. Our investment portfolio also contains
 investments in revenue bonds issued under the auspices of
 U.S. states and municipalities and a limited amount of
 general obligation bonds of U.S. states and municipalities
 (collectively, “Municipal Bonds”). Recently, certain
 U.S. states and municipalities have faced budget deficits
 and financial difficulties. There can be no assurance that the
 financial difficulties of such U.S. states and
 municipalities would not have an adverse impact on our Municipal
 Bond portfolio.

 Our primary foreign currency exchange risks are described under
 “— Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange
 Rates Could Negatively Affect Our Profitability.” Changes
 in these factors, which are significant risks to us, can affect
 our net investment income in any period, and such changes can be
 substantial.

 A portion of our investments are made in leveraged buy-out
 funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds, many of which
 make private equity investments. The amount and timing of net
 investment income from such investment funds tends to be uneven
 as a result of the performance of the underlying investments,
 including private equity investments. The timing of
 distributions from the funds, which depends on particular events
 relating to the underlying investments, as well as the
 funds’ schedules for making distributions and their needs
 for cash, can be difficult to predict. As a result, the amount
 of net investment income that we record from these investments
 can vary substantially from quarter to quarter. Recovering
 private equity markets and stabilizing credit and real estate
 markets during 2010 had a positive impact on returns and net
 investment income on private equity funds, hedge funds and real
 estate joint ventures, which are included within other limited
 partnership interests and real estate and real estate joint
 venture portfolios. Although volatility in most global financial
 markets has moderated, if there is a resumption of significant
 volatility, it could adversely impact returns and net investment
 income on these alternative investment classes.

 Continuing challenges include continued weakness in the
 U.S. real estate market and increased residential mortgage
 loan and other consumer loan delinquencies, investor anxiety
 over the U.S. and European economies, rating agency
 downgrades of various structured products and financial issuers,
 unresolved issues with structured investment vehicles and
 monoline financial guarantee insurers, deleveraging of financial
 institutions and hedge funds and the continuing recovery in the
 inter-bank market. If there is a resumption of significant
 volatility in the markets, it could cause changes in interest
 rates, declines in equity prices, and the strengthening or
 weakening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar
 which, individually or in tandem, could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations, financial condition,
 liquidity or cash flows through realized investment losses,
 impairments, increased valuation allowances and changes in
 unrealized gain or loss positions.

 Changes
 in Market Interest Rates May Significantly Affect Our
 Profitability

 Some of our products, principally traditional whole life
 insurance, fixed annuities and guaranteed interest contracts,
 expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce
 our investment margin or “spread,” or the difference
 between the amounts that we are required to pay under the
 contracts in our general account and the rate of return we are
 able to earn on general account investments intended to support
 obligations under the contracts. Our spread is a key component
 of our net income.

 As interest rates decrease or remain at low levels, we may be
 forced to reinvest proceeds from investments that have matured
 or have been prepaid or sold at lower yields, reducing our
 investment margin. Moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the
 fixed income securities, commercial or agricultural mortgage
 loans and mortgage-backed securities in our investment portfolio
 with greater frequency in order to borrow at lower market rates,
 which exacerbates this risk.

 38

Table of Contents

 Lowering interest crediting rates can help offset decreases in
 investment margins on some products. However, our ability to
 lower these rates could be limited by competition or
 contractually guaranteed minimum rates and may not match the
 timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. As a result, our
 spread could decrease or potentially become negative. Our
 expectation for future spreads is an important component in the
 amortization of DAC and value of business acquired
 (“VOBA”), and significantly lower spreads may cause us
 to accelerate amortization, thereby reducing net income in the
 affected reporting period. In addition, during periods of
 declining interest rates, life insurance and annuity products
 may be relatively more attractive investments to consumers,
 resulting in increased premium payments on products with
 flexible premium features, repayment of policy loans and
 increased persistency, or a higher percentage of insurance
 policies remaining in force from year to year, during a period
 when our new investments carry lower returns. A decline in
 market interest rates could also reduce our return on
 investments that do not support particular policy obligations.
 Accordingly, declining interest rates may materially affect our
 results of operations, financial position and cash flows and
 significantly reduce our profitability. We recognize that a low
 interest rate environment will adversely affect our earnings,
 but we do not believe any such impact will be material in 2011.

 The sufficiency of our life insurance statutory reserves in
 Taiwan is highly sensitive to interest rates and other related
 assumptions. This is due to the sustained low interest rate
 environment in Taiwan coupled with long-term interest rate
 guarantees of approximately 6% embedded in the life and health
 contracts sold prior to 2003 and the lack of availability of
 long-duration investments in the Taiwanese capital markets to
 match such long-duration liabilities. The key assumptions
 include current Taiwan government bond yield rates increasing
 approximately 1% from current levels over the next ten years,
 lapse rates, mortality and morbidity levels remaining consistent
 with recent experience, and U.S. dollar-denominated
 investments making up to 35% of total assets backing life
 insurance statutory reserves. Current reserve adequacy analysis
 shows that provisions are adequate; however, adverse changes in
 key assumptions for interest rates, lapse experience and
 mortality and morbidity levels could lead to a need to
 strengthen reserves.

 Increases in market interest rates could also negatively affect
 our profitability. In periods of rapidly increasing interest
 rates, we may not be able to replace, in a timely manner, the
 investments in MetLife’s general account with higher
 yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates
 necessary to keep interest sensitive products competitive. We,
 therefore, may have to accept a lower spread and, thus, lower
 profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of
 existing contracts and related assets. In addition, policy
 loans, surrenders and withdrawals may tend to increase as
 policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns as
 interest rates rise. This process may result in cash outflows
 requiring that we sell investments at a time when the prices of
 those investments are adversely affected by the increase in
 market interest rates, which may result in realized investment
 losses. Unanticipated withdrawals and terminations may cause us
 to accelerate the amortization of DAC, VOBA and negative VOBA,
 which reduces net income. An increase in market interest rates
 could also have a material adverse effect on the value of our
 investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated
 fair values of the fixed income securities that comprise a
 substantial portion of our investment portfolio. Lastly, an
 increase in interest rates could result in decreased fee income
 associated with a decline in the value of variable annuity
 account balances invested in fixed income funds.

 Some
 of Our Investments Are Relatively Illiquid and Are in Asset
 Classes That Have Been Experiencing Significant Market
 Valuation Fluctuations

 We hold certain investments that may lack liquidity, such as
 privately-placed fixed maturity securities; mortgage loans;
 policy loans and leveraged leases; equity real estate, including
 real estate joint ventures and funds; and other limited
 partnership interests. These asset classes represented 26.6% of
 the carrying value of our total cash and investments at
 December 31, 2010. In recent years, even some of our very
 high quality investments experienced reduced liquidity during
 periods of market volatility or disruption. If we require
 significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of normal
 cash requirements or are required to post or return cash
 collateral in connection with our investment portfolio,
 derivatives transactions or securities lending program, we may
 have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner, be
 forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been
 able to realize, or both. The reported value of our relatively
 illiquid types of investments, our investments in the asset
 classes described above and, at times, our high quality,
 generally liquid asset classes, do not necessarily reflect the
 lowest current market price for the asset. If we were forced to
 sell certain of our investments in the global market, there can
 be no assurance that we will be able to sell them for the prices
 at which we have recorded them and we could be forced to sell
 them at significantly lower prices.

 39

Table of Contents

 Our
 Participation in a Securities Lending Program Subjects Us to
 Potential Liquidity and Other Risks

 We participate in a securities lending program whereby blocks of
 securities, which are included in fixed maturity securities and
 short-term investments, are loaned to third parties, primarily
 brokerage firms and commercial banks. We generally obtain
 collateral in an amount equal to 102% of the estimated fair
 value of the loaned securities, which is obtained at the
 inception of a loan and maintained at a level greater than or
 equal to 100% for the duration of the loan. Returns of loaned
 securities by the third parties would require us to return the
 collateral associated with such loaned securities. In addition,
 in some cases, the maturity of the securities held as invested
 collateral (i.e., securities that we have purchased with cash
 collateral received from the third parties) may exceed the term
 of the related securities on loan and the estimated fair value
 may fall below the amount of cash received as collateral and
 invested. If we are required to return significant amounts of
 cash collateral on short notice and we are forced to sell
 securities to meet the return obligation, we may have difficulty
 selling such collateral that is invested in securities in a
 timely manner, be forced to sell securities in a volatile or
 illiquid market for less than we otherwise would have been able
 to realize under normal market conditions, or both. In addition,
 under stressful capital market and economic conditions,
 liquidity broadly deteriorates, which may further restrict our
 ability to sell securities. If we decrease the amount of our
 securities lending activities over time, the amount of net
 investment income generated by these activities will also likely
 decline. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations —
 Investments — Securities Lending.”

 Our
 Requirements to Pledge Collateral or Make Payments Related to
 Declines in Estimated Fair Value of Specified Assets May
 Adversely Affect Our Liquidity and Expose Us to Counterparty
 Credit Risk

 Some of our transactions with financial and other institutions
 specify the circumstances under which the parties are required
 to pledge collateral related to any decline in the estimated
 fair value of the specified assets. In addition, under the terms
 of some of our transactions, we may be required to make payments
 to our counterparties related to any decline in the estimated
 fair value of the specified assets. The amount of collateral we
 may be required to pledge and the payments we may be required to
 make under these agreements may increase under certain
 circumstances, which could adversely affect our liquidity. See
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and
 Capital Resources — The Company — Liquidity
 and Capital Sources — Collateral Financing
 Arrangements” and Note 12 of the Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Gross
 Unrealized Losses on Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities May Be
 Realized or Result in Future Impairments, Resulting in a
 Reduction in Our Net Income

 Fixed maturity and equity securities classified as
 available-for-sale
 are reported at their estimated fair value. Unrealized gains or
 losses on

available-for-sale
 securities are recognized as a component of other comprehensive
 income (loss) and are, therefore, excluded from net income. Our
 gross unrealized losses on fixed maturity and equity securities
 available for sale at December 31, 2010 were
 $6.9 billion. The portion of the $6.9 billion of gross
 unrealized losses for fixed maturity and equity securities where
 the estimated fair value has declined and remained below
 amortized cost or cost by 20% or more for six months or greater
 was $2.1 billion at December 31, 2010. The accumulated
 change in estimated fair value of these

available-for-sale
 securities is recognized in net income when the gain or loss is
 realized upon the sale of the security or in the event that the
 decline in estimated fair value is determined to be

other-than-temporary
 and an impairment charge to earnings is taken. Realized losses
 or impairments may have a material adverse effect on our net
 income in a particular quarterly or annual period.

 The
 Determination of the Amount of Allowances and Impairments Taken
 on Our Investments is Highly Subjective and Could Materially
 Impact Our Results of Operations or Financial
 Position

 The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments
 varies by investment type and is based upon our periodic
 evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated
 with the respective asset class. Such evaluations and
 assessments are revised as conditions change and new information
 becomes available. We update our evaluations regularly and
 reflect changes in allowances and impairments in net investment
 losses as such evaluations are revised. Additional impairments
 may need to be taken or allowances provided for in the future.
 Furthermore, historical trends may not be indicative of future
 impairments or allowances.

 40

Table of Contents

 For example, the cost of our fixed maturity and equity
 securities is adjusted for impairments deemed to be
 other-than-temporary.
 The assessment of whether impairments have occurred is based on
 our

case-by-case
 evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in
 estimated fair value. The review of our fixed maturity and
 equity securities for impairments includes an analysis of the
 total gross unrealized losses by three categories of securities:
 (i) securities where the estimated fair value has declined
 and remained below cost or amortized cost by less than 20%;
 (ii) securities where the estimated fair value has declined
 and remained below cost or amortized cost by 20% or more for
 less than six months; and (iii) securities where the
 estimated fair value has declined and remained below cost or
 amortized cost by 20% or more for six months or greater.

 Additionally, we consider a wide range of factors about the
 security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the
 cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security
 and in assessing the prospects for near term recovery. Inherent
 in our evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates
 about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings
 potential. Considerations in the impairment evaluation process
 include, but are not limited to: (i) the length of time and
 the extent to which the estimated fair value has been below cost
 or amortized cost; (ii) the potential for impairments of
 securities when the issuer is experiencing significant financial
 difficulties; (iii) the potential for impairments in an
 entire industry sector or
 sub-sector;
 (iv) the potential for impairments in certain economically
 depressed geographic locations; (v) the potential for
 impairments of securities where the issuer, series of issuers or
 industry has suffered a catastrophic type of loss or has
 exhausted natural resources; (vi) with respect to fixed
 maturity securities, whether we have the intent to sell or will
 more likely than not be required to sell a particular security
 before recovery of the decline in estimated fair value below
 amortized cost; (vii) with respect to equity securities,
 whether we have the ability and intent to hold a particular
 security for a period of time sufficient to allow for the
 recovery of its estimated fair value to an amount at least equal
 to its cost; (viii) unfavorable changes in forecasted cash
 flows on mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities
 (“ABS”); and (ix) other subjective factors,
 including concentrations and information obtained from
 regulators and rating agencies.

 Defaults
 on Our Mortgage Loans and Volatility in Performance May
 Adversely Affect Our Profitability

 Our mortgage loans face default risk and are principally
 collateralized by commercial, agricultural and residential