Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
 Some but not all of the risks we face are described below. Any
 of the following risks could materially adversely affect our
 business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows
 and reduce the value of an investment in our common stock.

 Adverse
 conditions in the national and global economies and financial
 markets may adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

 National and global economies and financial markets have
 experienced a severe downturn stemming from a multitude of
 factors, including adverse credit conditions impacted by the
 sub-prime mortgage crisis, slower or receding economic activity,
 concerns about inflation and deflation, fluctuating energy
 costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits
 and capital spending, adverse business conditions and liquidity
 concerns and other factors. Economic growth in the U.S. and
 many other countries slowed or receded in the fourth quarter of
 2008. The severity or length of time these economic and
 financial market conditions may persist is unknown. During
 challenging economic times and in tight credit markets, many
 customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. This could
 result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales
 cycles, difficulties in collection of accounts receivable,
 slower adoption of new technologies and increased price
 competition. In addition, weakness in the end-user market could
 negatively affect the cash flow of our distributors and
 resellers who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations to
 us. This would increase our credit risk exposure and cause
 delays in our recognition of revenue on future sales to these
 customers. Specific economic trends, such as declines in the
 demand for PCs, servers, and other computing devices, or
 softness in corporate information technology spending, could
 have a more direct impact on our business. Any of these events
 would likely harm our business, operating results, cash flows
 and financial condition.

 We
 face intense competition and we expect competitive pressures to
 increase in the future. This competition could have a negative
 impact on our business and financial results.

 The markets for our products are intensely competitive and we
 expect both product and pricing competition to increase. If our
 competitors gain market share in the markets for our products,
 our sales could grow more slowly or decline. Competitive
 pressures could also lead to increases in expenses such as
 advertising expenses, product rebates, product placement fees,
 and marketing funds provided to our channel partners.

 Advantages of larger competitors.
  Our
 principal competitors in each of our product categories are
 described in 
“Business — Competition”
 above. Our competitors include some large enterprises such
 as Microsoft, Cisco Systems, Symantec, IBM, Google and Trend
 Micro. Large vendors of hardware or operating system software
 increasingly incorporate system and network protection
 functionality into their products, and enhance that
 functionality either through internal development or through
 strategic alliances or acquisitions. For example, Cisco recently
 announced an agreement with Trend Micro to embed internet
 security software on Cisco’s Linksys wireless routers. Some
 of our competitors have longer operating histories, more
 extensive international operations, greater name recognition,
 larger technical staffs, established relationships with more
 distributors and hardware

 13

Table of Contents

 vendors, significantly greater product development and
 acquisition budgets,
 and/or
 greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do.

 Consumer business competition.
  More
 than 40% of our revenue comes from our consumer business. Our
 growth of this business relies on direct sales and sales through
 relationships with ISPs such as AOL, Cox and Comcast, and PC
 OEMs, such as Acer, Dell, Sony Computer and Toshiba. As
 competition in this market increases, we have and will continue
 to experience pricing pressures that could have a negative
 effect on our ability to sustain our revenue and market share
 growth. As our consumer business becomes increasingly more
 dependent upon the partner model, our retail businesses may
 continue to decline. Further, as penetration of the consumer
 anti-virus market through the ISP model increases, we expect
 that pricing and competitive pressures in this market will
 become even more acute.

 Low-priced or free competitive
 products.
  Security protection is increasingly
 being offered by third parties at significant discounts to our
 prices or, in some cases is bundled for free. For example,
 Microsoft announced that beginning in 2009 it will offer in
 emerging markets a free anti-malware consumer product dubbed
 Morro. The widespread inclusion of lower-priced or free products
 that perform the same or similar functions as our products
 within computer hardware or other companies’ software
 products could reduce the perceived need for our products or
 render our products unmarketable 
— even if
 these incorporated products are inferior or more limited than
 our products. It is possible that a major competitor may offer a
 free anti-malware enterprise product. The expansion of these
 competitive trends could have a significant negative impact on
 our sales and financial results.

 We also face competition from numerous smaller companies,
 shareware and freeware authors and open source projects that may
 develop competing products, as well as from future competitors,
 currently unknown to us, who may enter the markets because the
 barriers to entry are fairly low. Smaller
 and/or newer
 companies often compete aggressively on price.

 We
 face product development risks due to rapid changes in our
 industry. Failure to keep pace with these changes could harm our
 business and financial results.

 The markets for our products are characterized by rapid
 technological developments, continually-evolving industry trends
 and standards and ongoing changes in customer requirements. Our
 success depends on our ability to timely and effectively keep
 pace with these developments.

 Keeping pace with industry changes.
  We
 must enhance and expand our product offerings to reflect
 industry trends, new technologies and new operating environments
 as they become increasingly important to customer deployments.
 For example, we must expand our offerings for virtual computer
 environments; we must continue to expand our security
 technologies for mobile environments to support a broader range
 of mobile devices such as mobile phones and personal digital
 assistants; we must develop products that are compatible with
 new or otherwise emerging operating systems, while remaining
 compatible with popular operating systems such as Linux,
 Sun’s Solaris, UNIX, Macintosh OS_X, and Windows XP, NT and
 Vista; and we must continue to expand our business models beyond
 traditional software licensing and subscription models,
 specifically, software-as-a-service is becoming an increasingly
 important method and business model for the delivery of
 applications. We must also continuously work to ensure that our
 products meet changing industry certifications and standards.
 Failure to keep pace with any changes that are important to our
 customers could cause us to lose customers and could have a
 negative impact on our business and financial results.

 Impact of product development delays or competitive
 announcements.
  Our ability to adapt to
 changes can be hampered by product development delays. We may
 experience delays in product development as we have at times in
 the past. Complex products like ours may contain undetected
 errors or version compatibility problems, particularly when
 first released, which could delay or adversely impact market
 acceptance. We may also experience delays or unforeseen costs
 associated with integrating products we acquire with products we
 develop because we may be unfamiliar with errors or
 compatibility issues of products we did not develop ourselves.
 We may choose not to deliver a partially-developed product,
 thereby increasing our development costs without a corresponding
 benefit. This could negatively impact our business.

 14

Table of Contents

 If
 our products do not work properly, we could experience negative
 publicity, damage to our reputation, legal liability, declining
 sales and increased expenses.

 Failure to protect against security
 breaches.
  Because of the complexity of our
 products, we have in the past found errors in versions of our
 products that were not detected before first introduced, or in
 new versions or enhancements, and we may find such errors in the
 future. Because of the complexity of the environments in which
 our products operate, our products may have errors or defects
 that customers identify after deployment. Failures, errors or
 defects in our products could result in security breaches or
 compliance violations for our customers, disruption or damage to
 their networks or other negative consequences and could result
 in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, declining
 sales, increased expenses and customer relation issues. Such
 failures could also result in product liability damage claims
 against us by our customers, even though our license agreements
 with our customers typically contain provisions designed to
 limit our exposure to potential product liability claims.
 Furthermore, the correction of defects could divert the
 attention of engineering personnel from our product development
 efforts. A major security breach at one of our customers that is
 attributable to or not preventable by our products could be very
 damaging to our business. Any actual or perceived breach of
 network or computer security at one of our customers, regardless
 of whether the breach is attributable to our products, could
 adversely affect the market’s perception of our security
 products.

 False alarms.
  Our system protection
 software products have in the past, and these products and our
 intrusion protection products may at times in the future,
 falsely detect viruses or computer threats that do not actually
 exist. These false alarms, while typical in the security
 industry, would likely impair the perceived reliability of our
 products and may therefore adversely impact market acceptance of
 our products. In addition, we have in the past been subject to
 litigation claiming damages related to a false alarm, and
 similar claims may be made in the future.

 Our email and web solutions (anti-spam, anti-spyware and safe
 search products) may falsely identify emails, programs or web
 sites as unwanted “spam”, “potentially unwanted
 programs” or “unsafe.” They may also fail to
 properly identify unwanted emails, programs or unsafe web sites,
 particularly because spam emails, spyware or malware are often
 designed to circumvent anti-spam or spyware products and to
 incorrectly identify legitimate web sites as unsafe. Parties
 whose emails or programs are incorrectly blocked by our
 products, or whose web sites are incorrectly identified as
 unsafe or as utilizing phishing techniques, may seek redress
 against us for labeling them as spammers or unsafe
 and/or for
 interfering with their businesses. In addition, false
 identification of emails or programs as unwanted spam or
 potentially unwanted programs may discourage potential customers
 from using or continuing to use these products.

 Customer misuse of products.
  Our
 products may also not work properly if they are misused or
 abused by customers or non-customer third parties who obtain
 access and use of our products. These situations may arise where
 an organization uses our products in a manner that impacts their
 end users’ or employees’ privacy or where our products
 are misappropriated to censor private access to the internet.
 Any of these situations could impact the perceived reliability
 of our products, result in negative press coverage, negatively
 affect our reputation and adversely impact our financial results.

 We
 face risks associated with past and future
 acquisitions.

 We may buy or make investments in complementary or competitive
 companies, products and technologies. We may not realize the
 anticipated benefits from these acquisitions. Future
 acquisitions could result in significant acquisition-related
 charges and dilution to our stockholders. In addition, we face a
 number of risks relating to our acquisitions, including the
 following, any of which could harm our ability to achieve the
 anticipated benefits of our past or future acquisitions.

 Integration.
  Integration of an acquired
 company or technology is a complex, time consuming and expensive
 process. The successful integration of an acquisition requires,
 among other things, that we integrate and retain key management,
 sales, research and development and other personnel; integrate
 the acquired products into our product offerings from both an
 engineering and sales and marketing perspective; integrate and
 support pre-existing suppliers, distribution and customer
 relationships; coordinate research and development efforts; and
 consolidate duplicate facilities and functions and integrate
 back-office accounting, order processing and support functions.

 15

Table of Contents

 The geographic distance between the companies, the complexity of
 the technologies and operations being integrated and the
 disparate corporate cultures being combined may increase the
 difficulties of integrating an acquired company or technology.
 Management’s focus on the integration of operations may
 distract attention from our day-to-day business and may disrupt
 key research and development, marketing or sales efforts. In
 addition, it is common in the technology industry for aggressive
 competitors to attract customers and recruit key employees away
 from companies during the integration phase of an acquisition.
 If integration of our acquired businesses or assets is not
 successful, we may experience adverse financial or competitive
 effects.

 Internal controls, policies and
 procedures.
  Acquired companies or businesses
 are likely to have different standards, controls, contracts,
 procedures and policies, making it more difficult to implement
 and harmonize company-wide financial, accounting, billing,
 information and other systems. Acquisitions of privately held

and/or
 non-US companies are particularly challenging because their
 prior practices in these areas may not meet the requirements of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and public accounting standards.

 Use of cash and securities.
  Our
 available cash and securities may be used to acquire or invest
 in companies or products. Moreover, when we acquire a company,
 we may have to incur or assume that company’s liabilities,
 including liabilities that may not be fully known at the time of
 acquisition. To the extent we continue to make acquisitions, we
 will require additional cash

and/or
 shares of our common stock as payment. The use of securities
 would cause dilution for our existing stockholders.

 Key employees from acquired companies may be difficult to
 retain and assimilate.
  The success of many
 acquisitions depends to a great extent on our ability to retain
 key employees from the acquired company. This can be
 challenging, particularly in the highly competitive market for
 technical personnel. Retaining key executives for the long-term
 can also be difficult due to other opportunities available to
 them. It could be difficult, time consuming and expensive to
 replace any key management members or other critical personnel
 that do not accept employment with McAfee following the
 acquisition. In addition to retaining key employees, we must
 integrate them into our company, which can be difficult and
 costly. Changes in management or other critical personnel may be
 disruptive to our business and might also result in our loss of
 some unique skills and the departure of existing employees

and/or
 customers.

 Accounting charges.
  Acquisitions may
 result in substantial accounting charges for restructuring and
 other expenses, write-offs of in-process research and
 development, amortization of intangible assets and stock-based
 compensation expense, any of which could materially adversely
 affect our operating results.

 Potential goodwill impairment.
  We
 perform an impairment analysis on our goodwill balances on an
 annual basis or whenever events occur that may indicate
 impairment. If the fair value of each of our reporting units is
 less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit, then we
 must write down goodwill to its estimated fair value. We cannot
 be certain that a future downturn in our business, changes in
 market conditions or a long-term decline in the quoted market
 price of our stock will not result in an impairment of goodwill
 and the recognition of resulting expenses in future periods,
 which could adversely affect our results of operations for those
 periods.

 Establishment of VSOE.
  Following an
 acquisition, we may be required to defer the recognition of
 revenue that we receive from the sale of products that we
 acquired, or from the sale of a bundle of products that includes
 products that we acquired, if we have not established vendor
 specific objective evidence (“VSOE”) of the separate
 value of the acquired product. A delay in the recognition of
 revenue from sales of acquired products or bundles that include
 acquired products may cause fluctuations in our quarterly
 financial results and may adversely affect our operating
 margins. Similarly, companies that we acquire may operate with
 different cost and margin structures, which could further cause
 fluctuations in our operating results and adversely affect our
 operating margins. If our quarterly financial results or our
 predictions of future financial results fail to meet the
 expectations of securities analysts and investors, our stock
 price could be negatively affected.

 Our
 international operations involve risks that could divert the
 time and attention of management, increase our expenses and
 otherwise adversely impact our business and financial
 results.

 Our international operations increase our risks in several
 aspects of our business, including but not limited to risks
 relating to revenue, legal and compliance, currency exchange and
 interest rate, and general operating. Net

 16

Table of Contents

 revenue in our operating regions outside of North America
 represented 47% of total net revenue in 2008 in comparison to
 48% in 2007 and 45% in 2006. The risks associated with our
 continued focus on international operations could adversely
 affect our business and financial results.

 Revenue risks.
  Revenue risks include,
 among others, longer payment cycles, greater difficulty in
 collecting accounts receivable, tariffs and other trade
 barriers, seasonality, currency fluctuations, and the high
 incidence of software piracy and fraud in some countries. The
 primary product development risk to our revenue is our ability
 to deliver new products in a timely manner and to successfully
 localize our products for a significant number of international
 markets in different languages.

 Legal and compliance risks.
  We face a
 variety of legal and compliance risks. For example,
 international operations pose a compliance risk with the Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”). Some countries have a
 reputation for businesses to engage in prohibited practices with
 government officials to consummate transactions. Although we
 have implemented training along with policies and procedures
 designed to ensure compliance with this and similar laws, there
 can be no assurance that all employees and third-party
 intermediaries will comply with anti-corruption laws. Any such
 violation could have a material adverse effect on our business.

 Another legal risk is that some of our computer security
 solutions incorporate encryption technology that is governed by
 U.S. export regulations. The cost of compliance with those
 regulations can affect our ability to sell certain products in
 certain markets and could have a material adverse effect on our
 international revenue and expense. If we, or our resellers, fail
 to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may become
 subject to penalties and fines or restrictions that may
 adversely affect our business.

 Other legal risks include international labor laws and our
 relationship with our employees and regional work councils;
 compliance with more stringent consumer protection and privacy
 laws; and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements. Our
 principal tax risks are potentially adverse tax consequences due
 to foreign value-added taxes, restrictions on the repatriation
 of earnings and changes in tax laws.

 Currency exchange and interest rate
 risks.
  A significant portion of our
 transactions outside of the U.S. are denominated in foreign
 currencies. We translate revenues and costs from these
 transactions into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. As a
 result, our future operating results will continue to be subject
 to fluctuations in foreign currency rates. This combined with
 economic instability, such as higher interest rates in the
 U.S. and inflation, could reduce our customers’
 ability to obtain financing for software products, or could make
 our products more expensive or could increase our costs of doing
 business in certain countries. During 2008 and 2007, we recorded
 net foreign currency transaction gains of $6.4 million and
 $1.0 million, respectively, in our consolidated statements
 of income and comprehensive income and a net foreign currency
 transaction loss of $8.5 million in 2006. We may be
 positively or negatively affected by fluctuations in foreign
 currency rates in the future, especially if international sales
 continue to grow as a percentage of our total sales.
 Additionally, fluctuations in currency exchange rates will
 impact our deferred revenue balance, which is a key financial
 metric at each period end.

 General operating risks.
  More general
 risks of international business operations include the increased
 costs of establishing, managing and coordinating the activities
 of geographically dispersed and culturally diverse operations
 (particularly sales and support and shared service centers)
 located on multiple continents in a wide range of time zones.

 We
 face a number of risks related to our product sales through
 distributors and other third parties.

 We sell substantially all of our products through third-party
 intermediaries such as distributors, value-added resellers, PC
 OEMs, ISPs and other distribution channel partners (referred to
 collectively as distributors). Reliance on third parties for
 distribution exposes us to a variety of risks, some of which are
 described below, that could have a material adverse impact on
 our business and financial results.

 Limited control over timing of product
 delivery.
  We have limited control over the
 timing of the delivery of our products to customers by
 third-party distributors. We generally do not require our
 resellers and OEM partners to meet minimum sales volumes, so
 their sales may vary significantly from period to period. For
 example, the volume of our products shipped by our OEM partners
 depends on the volume of computers shipped by the PC OEMs, which

 17

Table of Contents

 is outside of our control. These factors can make it difficult
 for us to forecast our revenue accurately and they also can
 cause our revenue to fluctuate unpredictably.

 Competitive aspects of distributor
 relationships.
  Our distributors may sell
 other vendors’ products that compete with our products.
 Although we offer our distributors incentives to focus on sales
 of our products, they often give greater priority to products of
 our competitors, for a variety of reasons. In order to maximize
 sales of our products rather than those of our competitors, we
 must effectively support these partners with, among other
 things, appropriate financial incentives to encourage them to
 invest in sales tools, such as online sales and technical
 training and product collateral needed to support their
 customers and prospects. If we do not properly support our
 partners, they may focus more on our competitors’ products,
 and their sales of our products would decline.

 Our PC OEM partners are also in a position to exert competitive
 pricing pressure. Competition for OEMs’ business continues
 to increase, and it gives the OEMs leverage to demand lower
 product prices from us in order to secure their business. Even
 if we negotiate what we believe are favorable pricing terms when
 we first establish a relationship with an OEM, at the time of
 the renewal of the agreement, we may be required to renegotiate
 our agreement with them on less favorable terms. Lower net
 prices for our products would adversely impact our operating
 margins.

 Reliance on a small number of
 distributors.
  A significant portion of our
 net revenue is attributable to a fairly small number of
 distributors. Our top ten distributors represented 38% of our
 net revenue in 2008, 39% in 2007 and 47% in 2006. Reliance on a
 relatively small number of third parties for a significant
 portion of our distribution exposes us to significant risks to
 net revenue and net income if our relationship with one or more
 of our key distributors is terminated for any reason.

 Risk of loss of distributors.
  We invest
 significant time, money and resources to establish and maintain
 relationships with our distributors, but we have no assurance
 that any particular relationship will continue for any specific
 period of time. The agreements we have with our distributors can
 generally be terminated by either party without cause with no or
 minimal notice or penalties. If any significant distributor
 terminates its agreement with us, we could experience a
 significant interruption in the distribution of our products and
 our revenue could decline. We could also lose the benefit of our
 investment of time, money and resources in the distributor
 relationship.

 Although a distributor can terminate its relationship with us
 for any reason, one factor that may lead to termination is a
 divergence of our business interests and those of our
 distributors and potential conflicts of interest. For example,
 our acquisition activity has resulted in the termination of
 distributor relationships that no longer fit with the
 distributors’ business priorities. Future acquisition
 activity could cause similar termination of, or disruption in,
 our distributor relationships, which could adversely impact our
 revenue.

 Credit risk.
  Some of our distributors
 may experience financial difficulties, which could adversely
 impact our collection of accounts receivable. Our allowance for
 doubtful accounts was approximately $3.9 million as of
 December 31, 2008. We regularly review the collectability
 and credit-worthiness of our distributors to determine an
 appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts. Our uncollectible
 accounts could exceed our current or future allowances, which
 could adversely impact our financial results.

 We also face legal and compliance risks with respect to our use
 of third party intermediaries operating outside the United
 States. As described above in “Our international
 operations involve risks that could divert the time and
 attention of management, increase our expenses and otherwise
 adversely impact our business and financial results,”
 any violations by such third party intermediaries of FCPA or
 similar laws could have a material adverse effect on our
 business.

 We
 face numerous risks relating to the enforceability of our
 intellectual property rights and our use of third-party
 intellectual property, many of which could result in the loss of
 our intellectual property rights as well as other material
 adverse impacts on our business and financial results and
 condition.

 Limited protection of our intellectual property rights
 against potential infringers.
  We rely on a
 combination of contractual rights, trademarks, trade secrets,
 patents and copyrights to establish and protect proprietary
 rights in our software. However, the steps we have taken to
 protect our proprietary software may not deter its misuse, theft
 or misappropriation. Competitors may independently develop
 technologies or products that are

 18

Table of Contents

 substantially equivalent or superior to our products or that
 inappropriately incorporate our proprietary technology into
 their products. We are aware that a number of users of our
 security products have not paid license, technical support, or
 subscription fees to us. Certain jurisdictions may not provide
 adequate legal infrastructure for effective protection of our
 intellectual property rights. Changing legal interpretations of
 liability for unauthorized use of our software or lessened
 sensitivity by corporate, government or institutional users to
 refraining from intellectual property piracy or other
 infringements of intellectual property could also harm our
 business.

 Frequency, expense and risks of intellectual property
 litigation in the network and system security
 market.
  Litigation may be necessary to
 enforce and protect our trade secrets, patents and other
 intellectual property rights. Similarly, we may be required to
 defend against claimed infringement by others. For example, as
 discussed in Item 3, “
Legal Proceedings,”
 we recently settled a patent infringement case that sought to
 prevent us from selling certain of our products.

 The security technology industry has increasingly been subject
 to patent and other intellectual property rights litigation,
 particularly from special purpose entities that seek to monetize
 their intellectual property rights by asserting claims against
 others. As we become a larger and more profitable company, we
 can expect this trend to accelerate. For example, as discussed
 in Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” we recently
 settled a patent infringement case that sought to prevent us
 from selling certain of our products. We expect this trend to
 continue and that in the future we will be required to defend
 against this type of litigation. The litigation process is
 subject to inherent uncertainties, so we may not prevail in
 litigation matters regardless of the merits of our position. In
 addition to the expense and distraction associated with
 litigation, adverse determinations could cause us to lose our
 proprietary rights, prevent us from manufacturing or selling our
 products, require us to obtain licenses to patents or other
 intellectual property rights that our products are alleged to
 infringe (licenses may not be available on reasonable commercial
 terms or at all), and subject us to significant liabilities.

 If we acquire technology to include in our products from third
 parties, our exposure to infringement actions may increase
 because we must rely upon these third parties to verify the
 origin and ownership of such technology. Similarly, we face
 exposure to infringement actions if we hire software engineers
 who were previously employed by competitors and those employees
 inadvertently or deliberately incorporate proprietary technology
 of our competitors into our products despite efforts by our
 competitors and us to prevent such infringement.

 Litigation may be necessary to enforce and protect our trade
 secrets, patents and other intellectual property rights.

 Potential risks of using “open source”
 software.
  Like many other software companies,
 we use and distribute “open source” software in order
 to expedite development of new products. Open source software is
 generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under
 open source licenses, including, for example, the GNU General
 Public License. These license terms may be ambiguous, in many
 instances have not been interpreted by the courts and could be
 interpreted in a manner that results in unanticipated
 obligations regarding our products. Depending upon how the open
 source software is deployed by our developers, we could be
 required to offer our products that use the open source software
 for no cost, or make available the source code for modifications
 or derivative works. Any of these obligations could have an
 adverse impact on our intellectual property rights and revenue
 from products incorporating the open source software.

 Our use of open source code could also result in us developing
 and selling products that infringe third-party intellectual
 property rights. It may be difficult for us to accurately
 determine the developers of the open source code and whether the
 code incorporates proprietary software. We have processes and
 controls in place that are designed to address these risks and
 concerns, including a review process for screening requests from
 our development organizations for the use of open source.
 However, we cannot be sure that all open source is submitted for
 approval prior to use in our products.

 We also have processes and controls in place to review the use
 of open source in the products developed by companies that we
 acquire. Despite having conducted appropriate due diligence
 prior to completing the acquisition, products or technologies
 that we acquire may nonetheless include open source software
 that was not identified during the initial due diligence. Our
 ability to commercialize products or technologies of acquired
 companies that

 19

Table of Contents

 incorporate open source software or to otherwise fully realize
 the anticipated benefits of any acquisition may be restricted
 for the reasons described in the preceding two paragraphs.

 Pending
 or future litigation could have a material adverse impact on our
 results of operation, financial condition and
 liquidity.

 In addition to intellectual property litigation, from time to
 time, we have been, and may be in the future, subject to other
 litigation including stockholder derivative actions or actions
 brought by current or former employees. If we continue to make
 acquisitions in the future, we are more likely to be subject to
 acquisition related shareholder derivative actions. Where we can
 make a reasonable estimate of the liability relating to pending
 litigation and determine that an adverse liability resulting
 from such litigation is probable, we record a related liability.
 As additional information becomes available, we assess the
 potential liability and revise estimates as appropriate.
 However, because of the inherent uncertainties relating to
 litigation, the amount of our estimates could be wrong. In
 addition to the related cost and use of cash, pending or future
 litigation could cause the diversion of management’s
 attention. In this regard, we and a number of our current and
 former officers and directors are involved in or the subject of
 various legal actions. Managing, defending and indemnity
 obligations related to these actions have caused significant
 diversion of management’s and the board of directors’
 time and resulted in material expense to us. See Note 18 to
 the consolidated financial statements for additional information
 with respect to currently pending legal matters.

 Our
 financial results can fluctuate significantly, making it
 difficult for us to accurately estimate operating
 results.

 Impact of fluctuations.
  Over the years
 our revenue, gross margins and operating results have fluctuated
 significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, and
 we expect this to continue in the future. Thus, our operating
 results for prior periods may not be effective predictors of our
 future performance. These fluctuations make it difficult for us
 to accurately forecast operating results. We try to adjust
 expenses based in part on our expectations regarding future
 revenue, but in the short term expenses are relatively fixed.
 This makes it difficult for us to adjust our expenses in time to
 compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall in a given
 period.

 Volatility in our quarterly financial results may make it more
 difficult for us to raise capital in the future or pursue
 acquisitions that involve issuances of our stock. If our
 quarterly financial results or our predictions of future
 financial results fail to meet the expectations of securities
 analysts and investors, our stock price could be negatively
 affected.

 Factors that may cause our revenue, gross margins and other
 operating results to fluctuate significantly from period to
 period, include, but are not limited to, the following:

 Establishment of VSOE.
  We may in the
 future sell products for which we have not established VSOE and
 would be required to delay the recognition of revenue. A delay
 in the recognition of revenue from sales of products may cause
 fluctuations in our quarterly financial results and may
 adversely affect our operating margins.

 Timing of product orders.
  A significant
 portion of our revenue in any quarter comes from previously
 deferred revenue, which is a somewhat predictable component of
 our quarterly revenue. However, a meaningful part of revenue
 depends on contracts entered into or orders booked and shipped
 in the current quarter. Typically we generate the most orders in
 the last month of each quarter. Some customers believe they can
 enhance their bargaining power by waiting until the end of our
 quarter to place their order. Also, personnel limitations and
 system processing constraints could adversely impact our ability
 to process the large number of orders that typically occur near
 the end of a quarter. Any failure or delay in closing
 significant new orders in a given quarter could have a material
 adverse impact on our results for that quarter.

 Reliability and timeliness of expense
 data.
  We increasingly rely upon third-party
 manufacturers to manufacture our hardware-based products;
 therefore, our reliance on their ability to provide us with
 timely and accurate product cost information exposes us to risk,
 negatively impacting our ability to accurately and timely report
 our operating results.

 20

Table of Contents

 Issues relating to third-party distribution, manufacturing
 and fulfillment relationships.
  We rely
 heavily on third parties to manufacture and distribute our
 products. Any changes in the performance of these relationships
 can impact our operating results. Changes in our supply chain
 could result in product fulfillment delays that contribute to
 fluctuations in operating results from period to period. We have
 in the past and may in the future make changes in our product
 delivery network, which may disrupt our ability to timely and
 efficiently meet our product delivery commitments, particularly
 at the end of a quarter. As a result, we may experience
 increased costs in the short term as temporary delivery
 solutions are implemented to address unanticipated delays in
 product delivery. In addition, product delivery delays may
 negatively impact our ability to recognize revenue if shipments
 are delayed at the end of a quarter.

 Product mix.
  Another source of
 fluctuations in our operating results and, in particular, gross
 profit margins, is the mix of products we sell and services we
 offer, including the mix between corporate versus consumer
 products; hardware-based compared to software-based products;
 perpetual licenses versus subscription licenses; and maintenance
 and support services compared to consulting services or product
 revenue. Product mix can impact operating expenses as well as
 the amount of revenue and the timing of revenue recognition, so
 our profitability can fluctuate significantly.

 Timing of new products and
 customers.
  The timing of the introduction and
 adoption of new products, product upgrades or updates can have a
 significant impact on revenue from period to period. For
 example, revenue tends to be higher in periods shortly after we
 introduce new products compared to periods without new products.
 Our revenue may decline after new product introductions by
 competitors. In addition, the volume, size, and terms of new
 customer licenses can cause fluctuations in our revenue.

 Additional cash and non-cash sources of
 fluctuations.
  A number of other factors that
 are peripheral to our core business operations also contribute
 to variability in our operating results. These include, but are
 not limited to, expenses related to our acquisition and
 disposition activities, stock-based compensation expense,
 unanticipated costs associated with litigation or
 investigations, costs related to Sarbanes-Oxley compliance
 efforts, costs and charges related to certain extraordinary
 events such as restructurings,, substantial declines in
 estimated values of long-lived assets below the value at which
 they are reflected in our financial statements, and changes in
 generally accepted accounting principles.

 Material
 weaknesses in our internal control and financial reporting
 environment may impact the accuracy, completeness and timeliness
 of our external financial reporting.

 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that
 management report annually on the effectiveness of our internal
 control over financial reporting and identify any material
 weaknesses in our internal control and financial reporting
 environment. During the year ended December 31, 2008, our
 management completed the corrective actions to remediate a
 material weakness in accounting for income taxes discussed in
 our 2006
 Form 10-K
 and 2007

Form 10-K.
 These remediation efforts resulted in additional costs and
 diverted management attention away from operating our business.
 If management identifies any material weaknesses in the future,
 their correction could require remedial measures which could be
 costly and time-consuming. In addition, the presence of material
 weaknesses could result in financial statement errors which in
 turn could require us to restate our operating results. This in
 turn could damage investor confidence in the accuracy and
 completeness of our financial reports, which could affect our
 stock price and potentially subject us to litigation.

 Our
 strategic alliances and our relationships with manufacturing
 partners expose us to a range of business risks and
 uncertainties that could have a material adverse impact on our
 business and financial results.

 Uncertainty of realizing anticipated benefit of strategic
 alliances.  We have entered into strategic
 alliances with numerous third parties to support our future
 growth plans. For example, these relationships may include
 technology licensing, joint technology development and
 integration, research cooperation, co-marketing activities and
 sell-through arrangements. We face a number of risks relating to
 our strategic alliances, including those described below. These
 risks may prevent us from realizing the desired benefits from
 our strategic alliances on a timely basis or at all, which could
 have a negative impact on our business and financial results.

 21

Table of Contents

 Challenges relating to integrated products from strategic
 alliances.
  Strategic alliances require
 significant coordination between the parties involved,
 particularly if an alliance requires that we integrate their
 products with our products. This could involve significant time
 and expenditure by our technical staff and the technical staff
 of our strategic partner. The integration of products from
 different companies may be more difficult than we anticipate,
 and the risk of integration difficulties, incompatible products
 and undetected programming errors or defects may be higher than
 that normally associated with new products. The marketing and
 sale of products that result from strategic alliances might also
 be more difficult than that normally associated with new
 products. Sales and marketing personnel may require special
 training, as the new products may be more complex than our other
 products.

 We invest significant time, money and resources to establish and
 maintain relationships with our strategic partners, but we have
 no assurance that any particular relationship will continue for
 any specific period of time. Generally, our strategic alliance
 agreements are terminable without cause with no or minimal
 notice or penalties. If we lose a significant strategic partner,
 we could lose the benefit of our investment of time, money and
 resources in the relationship. In addition, we could be required
 to incur significant expenses to develop a new strategic
 alliance or to determine and implement an alternative plan to
 pursue the opportunity that we targeted with the former partner.

 Less control of the manufacturing process and outcome with
 third party manufacturing relationships.
  We
 rely on a limited number of third parties to manufacture some of
 our hardware-based network protection and system protection
 products. We expect the number of our hardware-based products
 and our reliance on third-party manufacturers to increase as we
 continue to expand these types of solutions. We also rely on
 third parties to replicate and package our boxed software
 products. This reliance on third parties involves a number of
 risks that could have a negative impact on our business and
 financial results. These risks include, but are not limited to,
 lack of control over the quality and timing of the manufacturing
 process, limited control over the cost of manufacturing, and the
 potential absence or unavailability of adequate manufacturing
 capacity.

 Risk of inadequate capacity with third party manufacturing
 relationships.
  If any of our third-party
 manufacturers fails for any reason to manufacture products of
 acceptable quality, in required volumes, and in a cost-effective
 and timely manner, it could be costly as well as disruptive to
 product shipments. We might be required to seek additional
 manufacturing capacity, which might not be available on
 commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if additional
 capacity was available, the process of qualifying a new vendor
 could be lengthy and could cause significant delays in product
 shipments and could strain partner and customer relationships.
 In addition, supply disruptions or cost increases could increase
 our costs of goods sold and negatively impact our financial
 performance. Our risk is relatively greater in situations where
 our hardware products contain critical components supplied by a
 single or a limited number of third parties. Any significant
 shortage of components could lead to cancellations of customer
 orders or delays in placement of orders, which would adversely
 impact revenue.

 Risk of hardware obsolescence with third party
 manufacturing relationships.
  Hardware-based
 products may face greater obsolescence risks than software
 products. We could incur losses or other charges in disposing of
 obsolete hardware inventory. In addition, to the extent that our
 third-party manufacturers upgrade or otherwise alter their
 manufacturing processes, our hardware-based products could face
 supply constraints or risks associated with the transition of
 hardware-based products to new platforms. This could increase
 the risk of losses or other charges associated with obsolete
 inventory.

 Our
 global operations may expose us to tax risk.

 We are generally required to account for taxes in each
 jurisdiction in which we operate. This process may require us to
 make assumptions, interpretations and judgments with respect to
 the meaning and application of promulgated tax laws and related
 administrative and judicial interpretations. The positions that
 we take and our interpretations of the tax laws may differ from
 the positions and interpretations of the tax authorities in the
 jurisdictions in which we operate. We are presently under
 examination in many jurisdictions, including notably the U.S.,
 California, Germany and The Netherlands. An adverse outcome in
 one or more of these ongoing examinations, or in any future
 examinations that may occur, could have a significant negative
 impact on our cash position and net income. Although we have
 established reserves for these examination contingencies, there
 can be no assurance that the reserves will be sufficient to
 cover our ultimate liabilities.

 22

Table of Contents

 Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and can
 be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including but not
 limited to changes in tax laws, regulations and accounting
 principles (including accounting for uncertain tax positions),
 or interpretations of those changes. Significant judgment is
 required to determine the recognition and measurement attributes
 prescribed in FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 “Accounting for Income Taxes”
 (“FIN 48”). In addition, FIN 48 applies
 to all income tax positions, including the potential recovery of
 previously paid taxes, which if settled unfavorably could
 adversely impact our provision for income taxes or recorded
 goodwill.

 Critical
 personnel may be difficult to attract, assimilate and
 retain.

 Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and
 retain senior management personnel, as well as technically
 qualified and highly-skilled sales, consulting, technical,
 finance and marketing personnel. Other than members of executive
 management who have “at will” employment agreements,
 our employees are not typically subject to an employment
 agreement or non-competition agreement. It could be difficult,
 time consuming and expensive to locate, replace and integrate
 any key management member or other critical personnel. Changes
 in management or other critical personnel may be disruptive to
 our business and might also result in our loss of unique skills
 and the departure of existing employees
 and/or
 customers.

 Other personnel related issues that we may encounter include:

 Competition for personnel; need for competitive pay
 packages.
  Competition for qualified
 individuals in our industry is intense and we must provide
 competitive compensation packages, including equity awards.
 Increases in shares available for issuance under our equity
 incentive plans require stockholder approval, and there may be
 times, as we have seen in the past, where we may not obtain the
 necessary approval. Also, we may continue the trend of granting
 fewer stock options and more restricted stock awards
 (“RSAs”), restricted stock units (“RSUs”),
 or restricted stock units with performance-based vesting
 (“PSUs”), which could adversely impact our results of
 operations due to the accounting charges required in connection
 with equity compensation and the dilutive impact on earnings per
 share.

 Risks relating to senior management changes and new
 hires.
  From 2006 to 2008, we experienced
 significant changes in our senior management team as a number of
 officers resigned or were terminated and several key management
 positions were vacant for a significant period of time. We may
 continue to experience changes in senior management going
 forward.

 We continue to hire in key areas and have added a number of new
 employees in connection with our acquisitions. For new
 employees, including senior management, there may be reduced
 levels of productivity as it takes time for new hires to be
 trained or otherwise assimilated into the company.

 Increased
 customer demands on our technical support services may adversely
 affect our relationships with our customers and negatively
 impact our financial results.

 We offer technical support services with many of our products.
 We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate
 short-term increases in customer demand for support services. We
 also may be unable to modify the format of our support services
 to compete with changes in support services provided by
 competitors or successfully integrate support for our customers.
 Further customer demand for these services, without
 corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect
 our operating results.

 We have outsourced a substantial portion of our worldwide
 consumer support functions to third-party service providers. If
 these companies experience financial difficulties, service
 disruptions, do not maintain sufficiently skilled workers and
 resources to satisfy our contracts, or otherwise fail to perform
 at a sufficient level under these contracts, the level of
 support services to our customers may be significantly
 disrupted, which could materially harm our relationships with
 these customers.

 We
 face risks related to customer outsourcing to system
 integrators.

 Some of our customers have outsourced the management of their
 information technology departments to large system integrators.
 If this trend continues, our established customer relationships
 could be disrupted and our

 23

Table of Contents

 products could be displaced by alternative system and network
 protection solutions offered by system integrators that do not
 bundle our solutions. Significant product displacements could
 negatively impact our revenue and have a material adverse effect
 on our business.

 If
 we fail to effectively upgrade or modify our information
 technology system, we may not be able to accurately report our
 financial results or prevent fraud.

 We may experience difficulties in transitioning to new or
 upgraded information technology systems and in applying
 maintenance patches to existing systems, including loss of data
 and decreases in productivity as personnel become familiar with
 new, upgraded or modified systems. Our management information
 systems will require modification and refinement as we grow and
 as our business needs change, which could prolong the
 difficulties we experience with systems transitions, and we may
 not always employ the most effective systems for our purposes.
 If we experience difficulties in implementing new or upgraded
 information systems or experience significant system failures,
 or if we are unable to successfully modify our management
 information systems and respond to changes in our business
 needs, our operating results could be harmed or we may fail to
 meet our reporting obligations. We may also experience similar
 results if we have difficulty applying routine maintenance
 patches to existing systems in a timely manner.

 Computer
 “hackers” may damage our products, services and
 systems.

 Due to our high profile in the network and system protection
 market, we have been a target of computer hackers who have,
 among other things, created viruses to sabotage or otherwise
 attack our products and services, including our various web
 sites. For example, we have seen the spread of viruses, or
 worms, that intentionally delete anti-virus and firewall
 software. Similarly, hackers may attempt to penetrate our
 network security and misappropriate proprietary information or
 cause interruptions of our internal systems and services. Also,
 a number of web sites have been subject to denial of service
 attacks, where a web site is bombarded with information requests
 eventually causing the web site to overload, resulting in a
 delay or disruption of service. If successful, any of these
 events could damage users’ or our own computer systems. In
 addition, since we do not control disk duplication by
 distributors or our independent agents, media containing our
 software may be infected with viruses.

 Business
 interruptions may impede our operations and the operations of
 our customers.

 We are continually updating or modifying our accounting and
 other internal and external facing business systems.
 Modifications of these types of systems are often disruptive to
 business and may cause us to incur higher costs than we
 anticipate. Failure to properly manage this process could
 materially harm our business operations.

 In addition, we and our customers face a number of potential
 business interruption risks that are beyond our respective
 control. Natural disasters or other events could interrupt our
 business or the business of our customers, and each of us is
 reliant on external infrastructure that may be antiquated. Our
 corporate headquarters in California is located near a major
 earthquake fault. The potential impact of a major earthquake on
 our facilities, infrastructure and overall operations is not
 known, but could be quite severe. Despite business interruption
 and disaster recovery programs that have been implemented, an
 earthquake could seriously disrupt our entire business process.
 We are largely uninsured for losses and business disruptions
 caused by an earthquake and other natural disasters.

 Our
 investment portfolio is subject to volatility, losses and
 liquidity limitations. Continued negative conditions in the
 global credit markets could impair the value of or limit our
 access to our investments.

 Investment income has been a significant component of our net
 income. The ability to achieve our investment objectives is
 affected by many factors, some of which are beyond our control.
 We invest our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
 in a variety of investment vehicles in a number of countries
 with and in the custody of financial institutions with high
 credit ratings. While our investment policy and strategy attempt
 to manage interest rate risk, limit credit risk, and only invest
 in what we view as very high-quality debt securities, the
 outlook for our investment holdings is dependent on general
 economic conditions, interest rate trends and volatility in the
 financial marketplace, which can all affect the income that we
 receive, the value of our investments, and our ability to sell
 them. Current economic conditions have had widespread negative
 effects on the financial markets and global economies. During
 these challenging markets, we are investing new cash in
 instruments with short to medium-term

 24

Table of Contents

 maturities of highly-rated issuers, including
 U.S. government and FDIC guaranteed investments. We do not
 hold any sub-prime mortgages, auction rate securities or
 structured investment vehicles.

 The outlook for our investment income is dependent on the amount
 of any share repurchases or acquisitions that we effect and the
 amount of cash flows from operations that are available for
 investment. Our investment income is also affected by the yield
 on our investments and our recent shift to a larger percentage
 of our investment portfolio to shorter-term and
 U.S. government and FDIC guaranteed investments. This shift
 may negatively impact our income from our investment portfolio
 in light of declining yields. Any significant decline in our
 investment income or the value of our investments could have an
 adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
 condition.

 During 2008, we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment
 charge of $18.5 million related to marketable securities.
 We believe that our investment securities are carried at fair
 value. However, over time the economic and market environment
 may provide additional insight regarding the fair value of
 certain securities which could change our judgment regarding
 impairment. This could result in realized losses relating to
 other-than-temporary declines being charged against future
 income. Given the current market conditions involved, there is
 continuing risk that further declines in fair value may occur
 and additional impairments may be charged to income in future
 periods, resulting in realized losses.

 Most of our cash and investments held outside the U.S. are
 subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. A
 repatriation of these
 non-U.S. investment
 holdings to the U.S. under current law could be subject to
 foreign and U.S. federal income and withholding taxes, less
 any applicable foreign tax credits. These tax limitations, local
 regulations and potential further capital market turmoil could
 limit our ability to utilize these offshore funds.

 Our
 historical stock option granting practices have resulted in, and
 could continue to result in, continued or new litigation,
 regulatory proceedings, government enforcement actions and
 remedial actions, all of which have had, and could in the future
 have, a negative impact on our business and financial
 results.

 Shortly after we announced an internal investigation of our
 historical stock option granting practices in May 2006, both the
 SEC and the United States Department of Justice
 (“DOJ”) commenced investigations of our stock option
 practices. We have been engaged in discussions with and have
 provided information to the SEC regarding certain of our prior
 period consolidated financial statements. The resolution of the
 SEC inquiry into our historical stock option granting practices
 could require us to file additional restatements of our prior
 consolidated financial statements or require that we take other
 actions not presently contemplated.

 As part of the remedial actions we have taken in connection with
 the investigation and restatement of our consolidated financial
 statements, we terminated certain employees, including former
 executive officers. We are involved in litigation and other
 legal proceedings in connection with one such termination. Any
 future legal proceedings could require additional management
 time and additional expense, and may require us to make
 settlement or other related payments in the future. See
 Note 18 of our consolidated financial statements for more
 details about ongoing legal proceedings.

 We cannot predict the outcome of the pending government
 inquiries or other lawsuits, and we may face additional
 government inquiries and other legal proceedings. Any such
 litigation, government inquiry or other legal proceeding could
 require us to devote significant management time and to incur
 significant accounting, legal, and other expenses and could
 adversely affect our financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Our
 stock price has been volatile and is likely to remain
 volatile.

 During 2008 and up to the date of this filing, our stock price
 was highly volatile, ranging from a high of $40.97 to a low of
 $24.72. On February 24, 2009, our stock’s closing
 price was $28.52. Announcements, business developments, such as
 a material acquisitions or dispositions, litigation developments
 and our ability to meet the expectations of investors with
 respect to our operating and financial results, may contribute
 to current and future stock price volatility. In addition,
 third-party announcements such as those made by our partners and
 competitors may contribute to current and future stock price
 volatility. For example, future announcements by major
 competitors related to consumer and corporate security solutions
 may contribute to future volatility in our stock price. Certain
 types of investors may choose not to invest in stocks with this
 level of stock price volatility.

 25

Table of Contents

 Our stock price may also experience volatility that is
 completely unrelated to our performance or that of the security
 industry. During 2008 through January 2009, the major
 U.S. and international stock markets have been extremely
 volatile. Fluctuations in these broad market indices can impact
 our stock price regardless of our performance.

 Our
 charter documents and Delaware law may impede or discourage a
 takeover, which could lower our stock price. 

 Under our certificate of incorporation, our board of directors
 has the authority to issue up to 5.0 million shares of
 preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences,
 privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those
 shares without any further vote or action by our stockholders.
 The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of making
 it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our
 outstanding voting stock and could have the effect of
 discouraging a change of control of the company or changes in
 management.

 Delaware law and other provisions of our certificate of
 incorporation and bylaws could also delay or make a merger,
 tender offer or proxy contest involving us or changes in our
 board of directors and management more difficult. For example,
 any stockholder wishing to make a stockholder proposal
 (including director nominations) at our 2009 annual meeting must
 meet the qualifications and follow the procedures specified
 under both the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and our bylaws.
 In addition, we have a classified board of directors, however,
 our board of directors will be declassified over the three year
 period ending with our annual meeting of stockholders in 2012.