.

 This Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is
 defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause
 results to differ materially from those set forth in the
 statements. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed, and
 actual results may differ materially from those projected. We
 undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
 statement, whether as a result of new information, future
 events, or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not
 historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations,
 estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and
 future financial results of the PBM and specialty pharmacy
 industries, and other legal, regulatory and economic
 developments. We use words such as “anticipates,”
 “believes,” “plans,” “expects,”
 “projects,” “future,” “intends,”
 “may,” “will,” “should,”
 “could,” “estimates,” “predicts,”
 “potential,” “continue” and similar
 expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Our
 actual results could differ materially from the results
 contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number
 of factors, including those discussed in this Item 1A,
 “Risk Factors,” Item 7, “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations” and other sections of this Annual Report on

Form 10-K.

 Competition
 in the PBM, specialty pharmacy and the broader health care
 industry is intense and could impair our ability to attract and
 retain clients.

 Competition among providers of PBM services is intense. We
 compete with a wide variety of market participants, including
 national, regional and local PBMs, Blue Cross/Blue Shield plans,
 insurance companies, managed care organizations, large retail
 chains, large retail stores with in-store pharmacy operations
 and Internet pharmacies. Our competitors include many profitable
 and well-established companies that have significant financial,
 marketing and other resources. Some of our specialty pharmacy
 and clinical service offerings compete with similar services
 provided by smaller companies in niche markets. Our main
 competitors include Aetna Inc., CIGNA Corporation, CVS Caremark
 Corporation, Express Scripts, Inc., Humana Inc., UnitedHealth
 Group Incorporated (“United Health Group”), Walgreen
 Co., Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., and WellPoint Health Networks Inc.

 We compete based on innovation and service, as well as on price.
 To attract new clients and retain existing clients, we must
 continually develop new products and services to assist clients
 in managing their pharmacy benefit programs. There is no
 guarantee that the investments that we make will result in
 innovative products and services which are attractive to
 clients. Moreover, although we need to continue to expend
 significant resources to develop or acquire new products and
 services in the future, we may not be able to do so. We cannot
 be sure that we will continue to remain competitive, nor can we
 be sure that we will be able to market our PBM services to
 clients successfully at our current levels of profitability.

 Consolidation within the markets we serve, as well as the
 acquisition of any of our competitors by larger companies, may
 lead to increased competition.

 Failure
 to retain key clients and their members, either as a result of
 economic conditions, increased competition or other factors,
 could result in significantly decreased revenues and could harm
 our profitability.

 Our largest client, UnitedHealth Group, represented
 approximately $11,000 million, or 21%, of our net revenues
 during 2008. The UnitedHealth Group account has much lower
 mail-order penetration and, because of its size, steeper pricing
 than the average client, and consequently generates lower
 profitability than typical client accounts. In April 2008, we
 announced a new agreement with UnitedHealth Group to provide
 pharmacy benefit services through December 31, 2012.
 Although none of our other clients individually represented more
 than 10% of our net revenues in 2008, our top 10 clients as of
 December 27, 2008, including UnitedHealth Group,
 represented approximately 45% of our net revenues during 2008.
 Additionally, a significant amount of our members represent the
 retiree population and are an important contributor to our
 profitability.

 If several of our large clients terminate, cancel or do not
 renew their agreements with us or stop contracting with us for
 some of the services we provide because they accept a competing
 proposal or because

 20

Table of Contents

 they are involved in a merger or acquisition, and we are not
 successful in generating new sales with comparable operating
 margins to replace the lost business, our revenues and results
 of operations could suffer.

 In addition, although we believe that our current liquidity and
 prospects for increasing our cash flows from operations limit
 the effects on our business from the weak capital and credit
 markets, our business is not immune from the general risks and
 uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as overall
 U.S. and
 non-U.S. economic
 and industry conditions, a global economic slowdown and
 geopolitical events. Our revenues and results of operations
 could suffer, for example, if employers determine to drop health
 care coverage for some or all of their employees, including
 retirees, as a result of weakness in the economy and the rising
 cost of premiums.

 If we
 do not continue to earn and retain purchase discounts and
 rebates from manufacturers at current levels, our gross margins
 may decline.

 We have contractual relationships with pharmaceutical
 manufacturers or wholesalers that provide us with purchase
 discounts on drugs dispensed from our mail-order pharmacies and
 rebates on brand-name prescription drugs dispensed through mail
 order and retail. These discounts and rebates are generally
 passed on to clients in the form of steeper price discounts and
 rebate pass-backs. Manufacturer rebates often depend on our
 ability to meet contractual market share or other requirements.

 Competitive pressures in the PBM industry have also caused us
 and many other PBMs to share with clients a larger portion of
 the rebates received from pharmaceutical manufacturers and to
 increase the discounts offered to clients.

 Changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or in
 their interpretation by courts and agencies or the adoption of
 new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions,
 purchase discount and rebate arrangements with pharmaceutical
 manufacturers, as well as some of the formulary and other
 services we provide to pharmaceutical manufacturers, could also
 reduce the discounts or rebates we receive and adversely impact
 our business, financial condition, liquidity and operating
 results.

 Our
 acquisition activity has increased recently and if we are unable
 to effectively integrate acquired businesses into ours, our
 operating results may be adversely affected. Even if we are
 successful, the integration of these businesses has required,
 and will likely continue to require, significant resources and
 management attention.

 In April 2008, we acquired a majority interest in Europa
 Apotheek Venlo B.V. (“Europa Apotheek”), a privately
 held company based in the Netherlands that provides clinical
 health care and mail-order pharmacy services in Germany and the
 Netherlands. In October 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding
 common stock of PolyMedica Corporation (“PolyMedica”)
 and in November 2007, we acquired Critical Care Systems, Inc.
 (“Critical Care”). PolyMedica is a leading provider of
 diabetes care through its Liberty brand, including blood glucose
 testing supplies, prescriptions and related services. Critical
 Care is one of the nation’s largest providers of specialty
 infusion services for home-based and ambulatory settings.

 In order to realize the intended benefits of these acquisitions,
 or any acquisition we make in the future, we must effectively
 integrate these businesses and any future acquired business into
 ours. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired
 businesses into ours. If we fail to successfully integrate these
 acquisitions or if they fail to perform as we anticipated, our
 existing businesses and our revenue and operating results could
 be adversely affected. If the due diligence of the operations of
 these acquired businesses performed by us or by third parties on
 our behalf were inadequate or flawed, or if we later discover
 unforeseen financial or business liabilities, the acquired
 businesses may not perform as expected. Operating costs,
 customer loss and business disruption (including difficulties in
 maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or
 suppliers) may be greater than we anticipated. Finally,
 difficulties assimilating acquired operations and products could
 result in the diversion of capital and management’s
 attention away from other business issues and opportunities.
 International operations are also subject to additional risks,
 which could include variation in local economies, export and
 import restrictions, currency fluctuations, trade barriers, the
 burden of complying with a variety of international laws and
 political and economic instability.

 21

Table of Contents

 If we
 fail to comply with complex and evolving laws and regulations in
 the U.S. and internationally, we could suffer penalties, or be
 required to pay substantial damages or make significant changes
 to our operations.

 We are subject to numerous federal and state regulations. If we
 fail to comply with existing or future applicable laws and
 regulations, we could suffer civil or criminal penalties,
 including the loss of our licenses to operate our mail-order
 pharmacies and our ability to participate in federal and state
 health care programs. As a consequence of the severe penalties
 we could face, we must devote significant operational and
 managerial resources to complying with these laws and
 regulations. Although we believe that we are substantially
 compliant with all existing statutes and regulations applicable
 to our business, different interpretations and enforcement
 policies of these laws and regulations could subject our current
 practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality, or could
 require us to make significant changes to our operations. In
 addition, we cannot predict the impact of future legislation and
 regulatory changes on our business or ensure that we will be
 able to obtain or maintain the regulatory approvals required to
 operate our business. In addition, our international business is
 also susceptible to a changing political and regulatory
 landscape. Changes in laws or interpretations, for example,
 banning mail-order delivery in Germany, would severely impair
 our ability to serve our customers there and adversely impact
 the financial condition, liquidity and operating results of our
 European business.

 Government
 efforts to reduce health care costs and alter health care
 financing practices could lead to a decreased demand for our
 services or to reduced profitability.

 During the past several years, the U.S. health care
 industry has been subject to an increase in governmental
 regulation at both the federal and state levels. Efforts to
 control health care costs, including prescription drug costs,
 are underway at the federal and state government levels.
 Congress frequently considers proposals to reform the
 U.S. health care system. These proposals may increase
 governmental involvement in health care and PBM services and may
 otherwise change the way our clients conduct business. Health
 care organizations may react to these proposals and the
 uncertainty surrounding them by reducing or delaying the
 purchase of our PBM services, and manufacturers may react by
 reducing rebates or reducing supplies of certain products. These
 proposals could lead to a decreased demand for our services or
 to reduced rebates from manufacturers.

 In addition, both Congress and state legislatures are expected
 to consider legislation to increase governmental regulation of
 managed care plans and decrease reimbursement of Medicare
 managed care plans. Some of these initiatives would, among other
 things, require that health plan members have greater access to
 drugs not included on a plan’s formulary and give health
 plan members the right to sue their health plans for malpractice
 when they have been denied care. The scope of the managed care
 reform proposals under consideration by Congress and state
 legislatures and enacted by states to date vary greatly, and we
 cannot predict the extent of future legislation. However, these
 initiatives could limit our business practices and impair our
 ability to serve our clients.

 Failure
 in continued execution of our Medicare Part D prescription
 drug program, and the integration of that program into a more
 comprehensive retiree strategy, could adversely impact our
 business and financial results.

 Our agreements with CMS, as well as applicable Medicare
 Part D regulations and federal and state laws, impose
 numerous requirements on us. As a CMS-approved Prescription Drug
 Program, our policies and practices associated with executing
 the program are subject to audit, and if material contractual or
 regulatory non-compliance was to be identified, applicable
 sanctions
 and/or
 monetary penalties, including suspension of enrollment and
 marketing, may be imposed.

 In time, the Medicare Part D prescription benefit could
 have the effect of rendering existing group pharmacy benefit
 plans less valuable to our clients and beneficiaries and reduce
 the total market for group PBM services. In addition, some of
 our clients could decide to discontinue providing prescription
 drug benefits to their Medicare-eligible members. If this
 occurs, the adverse effects of the Medicare Part D benefit
 may

 22

Table of Contents

 outweigh any opportunities for new business generated by the new
 benefit. We are not in a position to accurately predict the
 long-term impact of Medicare Part D on our business,
 financial condition or results of operations.

 The growth of our Medicare Part D and overall retiree
 business is an important component of our business strategy and,
 accordingly, we have made substantial investments in the service
 personnel and technology necessary to administer that business.
 Any failure to achieve growth in our Medicare Part D
 business may have an adverse effect on our financial position,
 results of operations or cash flows.

 PBMs
 could be subject to claims under ERISA if they are found to be a
 fiduciary of a health benefit plan governed by
 ERISA.

 PBMs typically provide services to corporations and other
 sponsors of health benefit plans subject to the Employee
 Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”).
 ERISA regulates employee pension benefit plans and employee
 welfare benefit plans, including health and medical plans. The
 U.S. Department of Labor (“DOL”), which is the
 agency that enforces ERISA, could assert that the fiduciary
 obligations imposed by the statute apply to some or all of the
 services provided by a PBM where the PBM had not agreed to
 accept fiduciary responsibility. We are party to several
 lawsuits that claim we are a fiduciary under ERISA. See
 Note 14, “Commitments and Contingencies —
 Legal Proceedings,” to our consolidated financial
 statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K.
 If a court were to determine, in litigation brought by a private
 party or in a proceeding arising out of a position taken by the
 DOL, that we were a fiduciary in connection with services for
 which we had not agreed to accept fiduciary responsibility, we
 could potentially be subject to claims for breaching fiduciary
 duties

and/or
 entering into certain “prohibited transactions.”

 Pending
 litigation could adversely impact our business practices and
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, liquidity and operating results.

 We are party to various legal proceedings and are subject to
 litigation risks. The significant legal proceedings to which
 Medco is a party are described in detail in Note 14,
 “Commitments and Contingencies — Legal
 Proceedings,” to our consolidated financial statements
 included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 Although we believe we have meritorious defenses in each of the
 matters described therein, we could in the future incur
 judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 liquidity and results of operations in any particular period.

 We are
 subject to corporate integrity agreements and noncompliance may
 impede our ability to conduct business with the federal
 government.

 As part of a civil settlement with the Department of Justice
 (“DOJ”) and other federal government agencies, in
 October 2006, Medco entered into a five-year corporate integrity
 agreement with the United States Department of Health and Human
 Services’ Office of the Inspector General (“OIG”)
 and the U.S. Office of Personnel Management Office of
 Inspector General. In November 2004, prior to our ownership,
 PolyMedica entered into a five-year corporate integrity
 agreement as part of a civil settlement with the OIG. Failure to
 comply with the obligations of these corporate integrity
 agreements could result in debarment from participation in
 certain federal business arrangements, financial penalties and
 damage to Medco’s reputation.

 New
 legislative or regulatory initiatives that restrict or prohibit
 the PBM industry’s ability to use patient identifiable
 medical information could limit our ability to use information
 that is critical to the operation of our business.

 Many of our products and services rely on our ability to use
 patient identifiable information in various ways. In addition to
 electronically reviewing hundreds of millions of prescriptions
 each year, we collect and process confidential information
 through many of our programs and alliances, including
 RationalMed and point-of-care initiatives. There is currently
 substantial regulation at the federal and state levels
 addressing the use and disclosure of patient identifiable
 medical and other information. In February 2009, the President

 23

Table of Contents

 signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (PL
 111-16),
 which adds additional requirements under the HIPAA privacy and
 security rules. Sanctions for failing to comply with standards
 issued pursuant to state or federal statutes or regulations
 include criminal penalties and civil sanctions. See Item 1,
 “Business — Government Regulation,” above.
 These and future regulations and legislation that severely
 restrict or prohibit our use of patient identifiable medical and
 other information could limit our ability to use information
 that is critical to the operation of our business. If we violate
 a patient’s privacy or are found to have violated any state
 or federal statute or regulation with regard to the
 confidentiality, dissemination or use of patient medical
 information, we could be liable for significant damages, fines
 or penalties.

 Our
 Specialty Pharmacy business is highly dependent on our
 relationships with a limited number of biopharmaceutical
 suppliers and the loss of any of these relationships could
 significantly impact our ability to sustain or improve our
 financial performance.

 We derive a substantial percentage of our Specialty Pharmacy
 segment revenue and profitability from our relationships with
 Abbott Laboratories, Inc.; Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Ltd.;
 Amgen, Inc.; Baxter Healthcare Corporation; Biogen Idec, Inc.,
 Genentech, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline, Inc.; Novartis
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd.; and
 United Therapeutics, Inc.

 Our agreements with these suppliers may be short-term and
 cancelable by either party without cause on 30 to 365 days
 prior notice. These agreements may limit our ability to provide
 services related to competing drugs, during the term of the
 agreement and allow the supplier to distribute through channels
 other than us. Further, certain of these agreements provide that
 pricing and other terms of these relationships be periodically
 adjusted for changing market conditions or required service
 levels. Any termination or modification to any of these
 relationships could have an adverse effect on a portion of our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Our
 ability to grow our Specialty Pharmacy business could be limited
 if we do not expand our existing base of drugs or if we lose
 patients.

 Our Specialty Pharmacy segment focuses on a limited number of
 complex and expensive drugs that serve small patient
 populations. Due to the limited patient populations that use the
 drugs that our Specialty Pharmacy business handles, our future
 growth is dependent on expanding our base of drugs. Further, a
 loss of patient base or reduction in demand for any reason of
 the drugs we currently handle could have a material adverse
 effect on a significant portion of our Specialty Pharmacy
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Our
 Specialty Pharmacy business, certain revenues from diabetes
 testing supplies and our Medicare Part D offerings expose
 us to increased credit risk.

 A portion of our Specialty Pharmacy business is funded through
 medical benefit coverage, the majority of which is provided by
 private insurers, as well as reimbursement by government
 agencies. These Specialty Pharmacy claims are generally for very
 high-priced medicines, and collection of payments from insurance
 companies, patients and other payors generally takes
 substantially longer than for those claims administered through
 a PBM benefit. Because of the high cost of these claims, and the
 nature of the medical benefit coverage determination process,
 these accounts receivable are characterized by higher risk in
 collecting the full amounts due.

 Revenues from the sale of diabetes testing supplies under the
 Liberty brand depend on the continued availability of
 reimbursement by government and private insurance plans. The
 government’s Medicare regulations are complex and as a
 result, the collection process is time consuming and typically
 involves the submission of claims to multiple payors whose
 payment of claims may be contingent upon the payment of another
 payor. Because of the coordination with multiple payors and the
 complexity in determining reimbursable amounts, these accounts
 receivable have higher risk in collecting the full amounts due.

 Our Medicare Part D product offerings require premium
 payments from members for the ongoing benefit, as well as
 amounts due from CMS. As a result of the demographics of the
 consumers covered under these

 24

Table of Contents

 programs and the complexity of the calculations for amounts due
 from CMS, these accounts receivable are subject to realization
 risk in excess of what is experienced in the core PBM business.

 Additionally, we may be subject to increased credit risk
 associated with state and local government agencies that are
 experiencing increased fiscal challenges. As a result of these
 aforementioned risks, we may be required to record bad debt
 expenses that may impact our results of operations and liquidity.

 Changes
 in industry pricing benchmarks could adversely affect our
 financial performance.

 Contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use
 certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for
 prescription drugs. These benchmarks include average wholesale
 price, which is referred to as “AWP,” average selling
 price, which is referred to as “ASP,” and wholesale
 acquisition cost, which is referred to as “WAC.” Most
 of Medco’s PBM client contracts currently utilize the AWP
 standard.

 Recent events have raised uncertainties as to whether payors,
 pharmacy providers, PBMs and others in the prescription drug
 industry will continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been
 calculated, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted
 for establishing prices within the industry. Specifically, in
 the proposed settlement in the case of New England Carpenters
 Health Benefits Fund, et al. v. First DataBank, et al.,
 a civil class action case brought against McKesson Corporation
 and First DataBank (“FDB”), which is one of several
 companies that report data on prescription drug prices, FDB had
 agreed to reduce the reported AWP of certain drugs by four
 percent at a future time as contemplated by the settlement. FDB
 has also announced that if the settlement is implemented, it
 will discontinue publishing its AWP price information within two
 years. In December 2008, the court held a hearing to determine
 whether to approve the settlement but did not issue any ruling.
 Over 90% of Medco’s client contracts contain terms that
 Medco believes will enable it to mitigate any adverse effects of
 this kind of settlement and FDB’s related action.

 Legislation may lead to changes in the pricing for Medicare and
 Medicaid programs. See Item 1, “Business —
 Government Regulation — Legislation and
 Regulation Affecting Drug Prices and Potentially Affecting
 the Market for Prescription Benefit Plans and Reimbursement for
 Durable Medical Equipment,” above. At least one
 Medicaid program has adopted, and other Medicaid programs, some
 states and some commercial payors may adopt, those aspects of
 the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization
 Act of 2003 (P.L.

108-173)
 (the “Act”) that either result in or appear to result
 in price reductions for drugs covered by such programs. Adoption
 of ASP in lieu of AWP as the measure for determining
 reimbursement by state Medicaid programs for the drugs sold in
 our Specialty Pharmacy business could materially reduce the
 revenue and gross margins of this business.

 The
 terms and covenants relating to our existing indebtedness could
 adversely impact our financial performance and our
 liquidity.

 Like other companies that incur debt, we are subject to risks
 normally associated with debt financing, such as the
 insufficiency of cash flow to meet required debt service payment
 obligations and the inability to refinance existing
 indebtedness. Our credit facilities, accounts receivable
 financing facility and the indentures governing our senior notes
 contain customary restrictions, requirements and other
 limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness, including a
 maximum total debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Our continued ability to
 borrow under our credit facilities and accounts receivable
 financing facility is subject to our compliance with such
 financial and other covenants. If we fail to satisfy these
 covenants, we would be in default under the credit facilities,
 accounts receivable financing facility and/or indentures, and
 may be required to repay such debt with capital from other
 sources. Under such circumstances, other sources of capital may
 not be available to us, or be available only on unattractive
 terms. See Note 7, “Debt,” to our consolidated
 financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of
 this Annual Report on Form
 10-K.

 In addition, as of December 27, 2008, of our total
 outstanding borrowings of approximately $4.6 billion,
 $2.8 billion is impacted by variable interest rates.
 Increases in interest rates on variable rate indebtedness would
 increase our interest expense and could adversely affect our
 results of operations.

 25

Table of Contents

 Prescription
 volumes may decline, and our net revenues and profitability may
 be negatively impacted, if the safety risk profiles of drugs
 increase or if drugs are withdrawn from the market, including as
 a result of manufacturing issues, or if prescription drugs
 transition to over-the-counter products.

 We dispense significant volumes of brand-name and generic drugs
 from our mail-order pharmacies and through a network of retail
 pharmacies, which are the basis for our net revenues and
 profitability. When increased safety risk profiles or
 manufacturing issues of specific drugs or classes of drugs
 result in utilization decreases, physicians may cease writing or
 reduce the numbers of prescriptions written for these drugs.
 Additionally, negative press regarding drugs with higher safety
 risk profiles may result in reduced global consumer demand for
 such drugs. On occasion, products are withdrawn by their
 manufacturers or transition to over-the-counter products. In
 cases where there are no acceptable prescription drug
 equivalents or alternatives for these prescription drugs, our
 volumes, net revenues, profitability and cash flows may decline.

 We may
 be subject to liability claims for damages and other expenses
 that are not covered by insurance.

 Our professional liability insurance policies are expected to
 cover individual claims of up to $85 million. Because of
 the difficulty in obtaining commercial insurance coverage, as
 well as its high cost, our retained liability has been
 established at levels that require certain self-insurance
 reserves to cover potential claims. We currently process any
 claims that are included in self-insured retention levels
 through a captive insurance company. A successful professional
 liability claim in excess of our insurance coverage could harm
 our financial condition and results of operations. We believe
 that most of the claims described in Note 14,
 “Commitments and Contingencies — Legal
 Proceedings,” to our consolidated financial statements
 included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 are unlikely to be covered by insurance.

 The
 success of our business depends on maintaining a well-secured
 pharmacy operation and technology infrastructure and failure to
 execute could adversely impact our business.

 We are dependent on our infrastructure, including our
 information systems, for many aspects of our business
 operations. A fundamental requirement for our business is the
 secure storage and transmission of personal health information
 and other confidential data and we must maintain our business
 processes and information systems, and the integrity of our
 confidential information. Although we have developed systems and
 processes that are designed to protect information against
 security breaches, failure to protect such information or
 mitigate any such breaches may adversely affect our operations.
 Malfunctions in our business processes, breaches of our
 information systems or the failure to maintain effective and
 up-to-date information systems could disrupt our business
 operations, result in customer and member disputes, damage our
 reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation, result in
 regulatory violations, increase administrative expenses or lead
 to other adverse consequences.

 Currently, our automated pharmacies in Willingboro, New Jersey
 and Las Vegas, Nevada together dispense over 90% of our
 mail-order prescriptions. Our data center, located in Fair Lawn,
 New Jersey, provides primary support for all applications and
 systems required for our business operations, including our
 integrated prescription claims processing, billing,
 communications and mail-order systems. These facilities depend
 on local infrastructure and on the uninterrupted operation of
 our computerized dispensing systems and our electronic data
 processing systems. Significant disruptions at any of these
 facilities due to failure of our technology or any other failure
 or disruption to these systems or to the infrastructure due to
 fire, electrical outage, natural disaster, acts of terrorism or
 malice or some other catastrophic event could, temporarily or
 indefinitely, significantly reduce, or partially or totally
 eliminate, our ability to process and dispense prescriptions and
 provide products and services to our clients and members.

 We
 could be required to record a material non-cash charge to income
 if our recorded intangible assets or goodwill are impaired, or
 if we shorten intangible asset useful lives.

 We have over $2.6 billion of recorded intangible assets,
 net, on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 27,
 2008. For our PBM segment, our intangible assets primarily
 represent the value of client relationships that was recorded
 upon our acquisition in 1993 by Merck & Co., Inc., and
 to a lesser extent, our

 26

Table of Contents

 acquisition of PolyMedica in 2007. For our Specialty Pharmacy
 segment, we have intangible assets recorded primarily from our
 acquisition of Accredo Health, Incorporated
 (“Accredo”) in 2005. Under current accounting rules,
 intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives. These
 assets may become impaired with the loss of significant clients
 or biopharmaceutical manufacturer contracts, or when other
 changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
 not be recoverable. For our intangible assets, if the carrying
 amount of the assets exceeds the undiscounted pre-tax expected
 future cash flows from the lowest appropriate asset grouping, we
 would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge to our
 consolidated statement of income in the amount the carrying
 value of these assets exceeds the discounted expected future
 cash flows. In addition, while our intangible assets may not be
 impaired, the useful lives are subject to continual assessment.
 This assessment may result in a reduction of the remaining
 weighted average useful life of these assets, resulting in
 potentially significant increases to non-cash amortization
 expense that is charged to our consolidated statement of income,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings.

 We also have recorded goodwill of $6.3 billion on our
 consolidated balance sheet as of December 27, 2008.
 Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually for each of our
 segments’ reporting units. This assessment includes
 comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to the carrying
 value of the assets assigned to that reporting unit. If the
 carrying value of the reporting unit were to exceed our estimate
 of fair value of the reporting unit, we would then be required
 to estimate the fair value of the individual assets and
 liabilities within the reporting unit to ascertain the fair
 value of goodwill. If we determine that the fair value is less
 than our book value, we could be required to record a non-cash
 impairment charge to our consolidated statement of income, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our earnings.

 Changes
 in reimbursement rates, including competitive bidding for
 durable medical equipment suppliers, could negatively affect our
 Accredo and PolyMedica revenues and profits.

 The majority of our current Accredo and PolyMedica revenues are
 tied to the continued availability of reimbursement by
 government and private insurance plans. Any reduction in
 Medicare or other government program or private plan
 reimbursements currently available for our products would reduce
 our revenues. Without a corresponding reduction in the cost of
 such products, our profits would also be reduced. Additionally,
 our profits could be affected by the imposition of more
 stringent regulatory requirements for Medicare or other
 government program reimbursement or adjustments to previously
 reimbursed amounts, and due to potential budget limitations
 being experienced by many states, we could experience reductions
 in our Medicaid reimbursement for certain drugs dispensed by our
 specialty pharmacies under our Accredo brand.

 Specifically in regards to our diabetes testing supplies
 revenues and profits under our Liberty brand, the Act provides
 for a phased-in program for competitive bidding of certain
 durable medical equipment items. Round 1 of the program was
 scheduled to be conducted in 10 Competitive Bid Areas
 (“CBAs”), and the mail-order diabetes testing supply
 product category was included in Round 1 of the program.
 Congress temporarily delayed Round 1 for all product categories
 including mail-order diabetes testing supplies, in the Medicare
 Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008
 (“MIPPA”) enacted in July 2008. To pay for the delay,
 MIPPA also decreased reimbursement for the product categories,
 including mail-order diabetes testing supplies by 9.5% starting
 January 1, 2009 and also provides for no annual payment
 update for 2009. The bidding process for a new Round 1 is
 expected to restart in 2009. In January 2009, CMS published a
 regulation implementing the provisions of MIPPA regarding
 competitive bidding. CMS has delayed the effective date of this
 regulation from February 17, 2009 to April 18, 2009
 for review by the new Administration. A national program for
 competitive bidding of certain durable medical equipment items,
 which may include mail-order diabetes testing supplies, is
 contemplated by the law, but not before 2011. The competitive
 bidding program could cause our operating results to be
 negatively affected through a combination of lower reimbursement
 rates for competitively bid items
 and/or our
 failure to secure status as a contracted supplier.

 The Act provided CMS additional authority, beginning in 2009, to
 use pricing information it gathers during the initial
 competitive bidding phases for the purposes of establishing
 reimbursement rates in geographic areas not subject to
 competitive bidding. MIPPA now requires CMS to issue further
 guidance on whether and then how it intends to use this
 authority through the formal rule-making process, and delays the
 earliest implementation date to 2011. Our operating results
 could be negatively affected if CMS uses this

 27

Table of Contents

 authority to impose lower reimbursement rates in geographic
 areas that would otherwise have been excluded from the impact of
 competitive bidding.

 Anti-takeover
 provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 (“DGCL”), our certificate of incorporation and our
 bylaws could delay or deter a change in control and make it more
 difficult to remove incumbent officers and
 directors.

 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and various
 provisions of the DGCL may make it more difficult to effect a
 change of control of our company or remove incumbent officers
 and directors. The existence of these provisions may adversely
 affect the price of our common stock, discourage third parties
 from making a bid to acquire our company or reduce any premium
 paid to our shareholders for their common stock. Our Board of
 Directors has authority to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of
 “blank check” preferred stock and to attach special
 rights and preferences to this preferred stock. The issuance of
 this preferred stock may make it more difficult for a third
 party to acquire control of us.

 Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes as nearly
 equal in size as possible with staggered three-year terms. This
 classification of our Board of Directors could have the effect
 of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire our
 company or of discouraging a third party from acquiring control
 of our company because it will generally make it more difficult
 for shareholders to replace a majority of the directors. On
 May 24, 2007, our shareholders approved a proposal to amend
 the Company’s certificate of incorporation to de-stagger
 our Board of Directors and provide for the phase-in of the
 annual election of directors over a three-year period, and
 therefore all directors will be elected annually beginning at
 our annual meeting in 2010. In addition, it is currently not
 possible to remove a director except for cause (other than
 directors elected for one-year terms, who can be removed without
 cause) and then only by a vote of holders of at least 80% of the
 voting power of our outstanding shares of stock.

 Additionally, as a result of our ownership of insurance
 companies, a third party attempting to effect a change of
 control of our company may be required to obtain approval from
 the applicable state insurance regulatory officials. The need
 for this approval may discourage third parties from making a bid
 for our company or make it more difficult for a third party to
 acquire our company, which may adversely affect the price of our
 common stock.