.

The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not currently
known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business operations,
financial condition, and liquidity.

Competition in the PBM, specialty pharmacy and the broader healthcare industry is intense and
could impair our ability to attract and retain clients.

Competition among providers of PBM services is intense. We compete with a wide variety of
market participants, including national, regional and local PBMs, Blue Cross/Blue Shield plans,
insurance companies, managed care organizations, large retail chains, large retail stores and
supermarkets with in-store pharmacy operations and Internet pharmacies. Our competitors include
many profitable and well-established companies that have significant financial, marketing and other
resources. Some of our specialty pharmacy and clinical service offerings compete with similar
services provided by smaller companies in niche markets. Our main competitors include Aetna Inc.,
CIGNA Corporation, CVS Caremark Corporation, Express Scripts, Inc., Humana Inc., UnitedHealth Group
Incorporated (“United Health Group”), Walgreen Co. and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

We compete based on innovation and service, as well as on price. To attract new clients and
retain existing clients, we must continually develop new products and services to assist clients in
managing their pharmacy benefit programs. There is no guarantee that the investments we make will
result in innovative products and services that are attractive to clients, or that we will be able
to execute on our strategy for such products and services. Moreover, although we need to continue
to expend significant resources to develop, acquire and implement new products and services in the
future, we may not be able to do so. We cannot be sure we will continue to remain competitive, nor
can we be sure that we will be able to market our PBM services to clients successfully at our
current levels of profitability.

Part of our ability to remain profitably competitive in winning and retaining business relies
on our securing competitive retail pharmacy reimbursement rates, and decreased competition among
retail pharmacies may impact our ability to achieve competitive rates from retail pharmacies.

Consolidation of client entities within the markets we serve, as well as the consolidation of
our competitors, or suppliers could impair our ability to attract and retain clients.

Failure to retain key clients and their members, either as a result of economic conditions,
increased competition or other factors, could result in significantly decreased revenues, harm to
our reputation and decreased profitability.

Our largest client, UnitedHealth Group, represented approximately $11,300 million, or 19%, of
our net revenues during 2009. Under our current agreement with UnitedHealth Group, we are providing
pharmacy benefit services through December 31, 2012. Although none of our other clients
individually represented more than 10% of our net revenues in 2009, our top 10 clients as of
December 26, 2009, including UnitedHealth Group, represented approximately 49% of our net revenues
during 2009. The loss of one or more of these clients could lead to a negative reaction in the
investment community or otherwise cause harm to our reputation, resulting in stock price declines
or other adverse effects.

If several of our large clients terminate, cancel or do not renew their agreements with us or
stop contracting with us for some of the services we provide because they accept a competing
proposal or because they are involved in a merger or acquisition, and we are not successful in
generating new sales with comparable operating margins to replace the lost business, our revenues
and results of operations could suffer.

In addition, although we believe our current liquidity and prospects for strong cash flows
from operations limit the effects on our business from the weaker economy, our business may not be
immune to the general risks and uncertainties affecting many other companies, such as overall
U.S. and non-U.S. economic and industry conditions, global economic slowdown or geopolitical
events. Our revenues and results of operations could suffer,
for example, if employers drop healthcare coverage for some or all of their employees,
including retirees, as a result of weakness in the economy, changes in law, or rising costs.

21

Table of Contents

Government efforts to reduce healthcare costs and alter healthcare financing practices could lead
to a decreased demand for our services or to reduced profitability.

During the past several years, the U.S. healthcare industry has been subject to an increase in
governmental regulation at both the federal and state levels. Efforts to control healthcare costs,
including prescription drug costs, are underway at the federal and state government levels.
Congress frequently considers proposals that can affect the U.S. healthcare system. These proposals
may increase governmental involvement in healthcare and PBM services and may otherwise change the
way we and our clients conduct business. For example, if passed, proposed healthcare reform
legislation could make the value of the federal Retiree Drug Subsidy less valuable to our clients.
As a result, our clients may choose to drop or limit retiree prescription drug coverage. Further,
healthcare organizations may react to government healthcare reform proposals and the uncertainty
surrounding them by reducing or delaying the purchase of our PBM services. We cannot accurately
predict the impact of proposed healthcare reform legislation, but these proposals could lead to a
decreased demand for our services and other outcomes that could adversely impact our business and
financial results.

In addition, federal and several state-government entities are expected to consider
legislation to increase regulation of managed care plans and decrease reimbursement of Medicare
managed care and fee-for-service plans and Medicaid fee-for-service programs. Some of these initiatives would, among
other things, require that health plan members have greater access to drugs not included on a
plan’s formulary and in some instances give health plan members the right to sue their health plans
for malpractice when they have been denied care. The scope of the reform proposals
under consideration by Congress and state legislatures and enacted by states to date vary greatly,
and we cannot predict the extent of future legislation. However, these initiatives could limit our
business practices and impair our ability to serve our clients.

Failure in continued execution of our retiree strategy, including the potential loss of Medicare
Part D-eligible members, could adversely impact our business and financial results.

Our retiree strategy is multi-faceted and includes the provision of products and services in
support of our clients’ Medicare Part D plans or federal Retiree Drug Subsidy. In addition, our
strategy includes managing the potential loss of Medicare-eligible members covered under our
programs with our PBM clients. Lastly, we participate in the Medicare Part D benefit with our own
PDP. We have made substantial investments in the personnel and technology necessary to administer
our retiree strategy.

In time, the Medicare Part D prescription benefit could have the effect of rendering existing
prescription drug benefit plans less valuable to our clients and their members, which would reduce
the total market for PBM services. In addition, some of our clients could decide to discontinue
providing traditional prescription drug benefits to their Medicare-eligible members. If this
occurs, the adverse effects of the loss of these members may outweigh any opportunities for new
business generated by the Medicare Part D benefit through our clients’ Medicare Part D plans and
our own PDP. Because of this uncertainty, we cannot accurately predict the long-term impact of
these risks on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Additionally, we have various contractual and regulatory compliance requirements associated
with participating in Medicare Part D. Similar to our requirements with other clients, our
policies and practices associated with executing our PDP are subject to audit. If material
contractual or regulatory non-compliance was to be identified, monetary penalties and/or applicable
sanctions, including suspension of enrollment and marketing or debarment from participation in
Medicare programs, may be imposed.

Like many aspects of our business, the administration of the Medicare Part D program is
complex. Any failure to execute the provisions of the Medicare Part D program, as well as our
overall retiree strategy may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. Proposed healthcare reform legislation, if passed, could also have a
financial impact on our CMS-approved PDP. For a description of this
risk, see “—Government efforts to reduce healthcare costs and alter healthcare financing
practices could lead to a decreased demand for our services or to reduced profitability.”

22

Table of Contents

If we fail to comply with complex and evolving laws and regulations domestically and
internationally, we could suffer penalties, be required to pay substantial damages and/or make
significant changes to our operations.

We are subject to numerous federal and state regulations. If we fail to comply with existing
or future applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil or criminal penalties, including
the loss of our licenses to operate our mail-order pharmacies, and our ability to participate in
federal and state healthcare programs. As a consequence of the severe penalties we may face, we
must devote significant operational and managerial resources to comply with these laws and
regulations. Although we believe we are substantially compliant with all existing statutes and
regulations applicable to our business, different interpretations and enforcement policies related
to these laws and regulations could subject our current practices to allegations of impropriety or
illegality, or require us to make significant changes to our operations. In addition, we cannot
predict the impact of future legislation and regulatory changes on our business or ensure we will
be able to obtain or maintain the regulatory approvals required to operate our business. Our
international business is also susceptible to a changing political and regulatory landscape.
Changes in laws or interpretations in countries in which we operate may impair our ability to serve
these customers and adversely impact the financial condition, liquidity and operating results of
our international operations.

If
we do not continue to earn and retain purchase discounts, rebates and service fees from manufacturers at
current levels, our gross margins may decline.

We have contractual relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers and wholesalers providing
us with purchase discounts on drugs dispensed from our mail-order pharmacies, and service fees for activities performed for certain specialty products and, in the case of
many pharmaceutical manufacturers, rebates on specified brand-name prescription drugs dispensed
through mail order and retail. Most of these discounts and rebates are generally passed on to
clients in the form of steeper price discounts and rebate pass-backs. Manufacturer rebates often
depend on our ability to meet contractual market share or other requirements.

Our clients often have contractual rights relating to their formulary structure, and while our
programs aim to maximize savings to clients, clients are often making specific choices regarding
which drugs to place on their formularies. Our profitability can be impacted by these client
decisions. In addition, the pharmaceutical industry (both manufacturers of brand-name drugs, as
well as generic drugs) continues to consolidate and this may impact our drug purchasing costs and
our profitability.

Changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or in their interpretation by courts
and agencies or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions,
purchase discount and rebate arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as some of the
formulary and other services we provide to pharmaceutical manufacturers, could also reduce the
discounts or rebates we receive and adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity
and operating results.

From time to time we engage in transactions to acquire other companies or businesses and if we are
unable to effectively integrate acquired businesses into ours, our operating results may be
adversely affected. Even if we are successful, the integration of these businesses has required,
and will likely continue to require, significant resources and management attention.

From time to time we engage in transactions to acquire or otherwise align with other companies
or businesses. In order to realize the intended benefits of both past and future transactions, we
must effectively integrate these business activities into ours. If we fail to successfully
integrate these business activities or if they fail to perform as we anticipated, our revenue and
operating results could be adversely affected. If the due diligence of the operations of these
acquired businesses performed by us or by third parties on our behalf were inadequate or flawed, or
if we later discover unforeseen financial or business liabilities, the acquired businesses may not
perform as expected. Operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including difficulties
in maintaining
relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than we
anticipated. Finally, difficulties assimilating acquired operations and products could result in
the diversion of capital and management’s attention away from other business issues and
opportunities. International operations are also subject to additional risks, which could include
variation in local economies, export and import restrictions, currency fluctuations, trade
barriers, the burden of complying with a variety of international laws, and political and economic
instability.

23

Table of Contents

New legislative or regulatory initiatives that restrict or prohibit the PBM industry’s ability to
use patient identifiable information could limit our ability to use information critical to the
operation of our business.

Many of our products and services rely on our ability to use patient identifiable information.
In addition to electronically reviewing hundreds of millions of prescriptions each year, we collect
and process confidential information through many of our programs and alliances, including
RationalMed® and point-of-care initiatives. There is currently substantial regulation at
the federal and state levels addressing the use and disclosure of patient identifiable medical and
other information. In February 2009, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (P.L.
111-16) was signed into law, which adds additional requirements under the HIPAA privacy and
security rules. Failure to comply with standards issued pursuant to state or federal statutes or
regulations may result in criminal penalties and civil sanctions. See Item 1, “Business —
Government Regulation,” above. These and future regulations and legislation severely restricting or
prohibiting our use of patient identifiable medical and other information could limit our ability
to use information critical to the operation of our business. If we violate a patient’s privacy or
are found to have violated any state or federal statute or regulation with regard to the
confidentiality, dissemination or use of patient medical information, we could be liable for
significant damages, fines or penalties.

Our Specialty Pharmacy business is highly dependent on our relationships with a limited number of
suppliers and the loss of any of these relationships, or limitations on our
ability to provide services to these suppliers, could significantly impact our ability to sustain
and/or improve our financial performance.

We derive a substantial percentage of our Specialty Pharmacy segment revenue and profitability
from our relationships with a limited number of suppliers. Our agreements with
these suppliers may be short-term and cancelable by either party without cause on 30 to 365 days
prior notice. These agreements may limit our ability to provide services for competing drugs during
the term of the agreement and allow the supplier to distribute through channels other than us.
Further, certain of these agreements allow pricing and other terms of these relationships to be
periodically adjusted for changing market conditions or required service levels. A termination or
modification to any of these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

Our ability to grow our Specialty Pharmacy business could be limited if we do not expand our
existing base of drugs or if we lose patients.

Our Specialty Pharmacy segment focuses on complex and expensive drugs that serve relatively
small patient populations. Due to the limited patient populations utilizing the drugs our Specialty
Pharmacy business handles, our future growth relies in part on expanding our base of drugs or
penetration in drug categories, such as oncology. Further, a loss of patient base or reduction in
demand for any reason for the drugs we currently dispense could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our Specialty Pharmacy business, certain revenues from diabetes testing supplies and our Medicare
Part D offerings expose us to increased credit risk. Additionally, current economic conditions may
expose us to increased credit risk.

A portion of our Specialty Pharmacy business is funded through medical benefit coverage, the
majority of which is provided by private insurers, as well as reimbursement by government agencies.
These Specialty Pharmacy claims are generally for very high-priced medicines, and collection of
payments from insurance companies, patients and other payors generally takes substantially longer
than for those claims administered
through a PBM benefit. Because of the high cost of these claims, and the nature of the medical
benefit coverage determination process, these accounts receivable are characterized by higher risk
in collecting the full amounts due.

24

Table of Contents

Revenues from the sale of diabetes testing supplies under the Liberty brand depend on the
continued availability of reimbursement by government and private insurance plans. The government’s
Medicare regulations are complex and, as a result, the collection process is time-consuming and
typically involves the submission of claims to multiple payors whose payment of claims may be
contingent upon the payment of another payor. Because of the coordination with multiple payors and
the complexity in determining reimbursable amounts, these accounts receivable have higher risk in
collecting the full amounts due.

Our Medicare Part D product offerings require premium payments from members for the ongoing
benefit, as well as amounts due from CMS. As a result of the demographics of the consumers covered
under these programs and the complexity of the calculations for amounts due from CMS, these
accounts receivable are subject to realization risk in excess of what is experienced in the core
PBM business.

Additionally, we may be subject to increased credit risk associated with state and local
government agencies experiencing increased fiscal challenges. As a result of these aforementioned
risks, we may be required to record bad debt expenses potentially impacting our results of
operations and liquidity.

Changes in reimbursement rates, including competitive bidding for durable medical equipment
suppliers, could negatively affect our revenues and profits.

A portion of our Accredo Health Group revenues and the majority of our
PolyMedica Corporation (“PolyMedica”) revenues are tied to the continued availability of
reimbursement by government and private insurance plans. Any reduction in Medicare or other
government program or private plan reimbursements currently available for our products would reduce
our revenues. Without a corresponding reduction in the cost of such products, our profits would
also be reduced. Additionally, our profits could be affected by the imposition of more stringent
regulatory requirements for Medicare or other government program reimbursement or adjustments to
previously reimbursed amounts, and due to potential budget limitations being experienced by many
states, we could experience reductions in our Medicaid reimbursement for certain drugs dispensed by
our specialty pharmacies under our Accredo brand.

Specifically in regard to our revenues and profits associated with our diabetes testing
supplies business, the Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS)
Competitive Bid Program (the “Program”) provides for a phased-in program for competitive bidding of
certain durable medical equipment items, including mail-order diabetes testing supplies. The first
round of bidding under the Program was delayed in 2007, which resulted in a 9.5% reimbursement rate
reduction for the Program product categories effective January 1, 2009 and also provided for no
annual payment updates for 2009. The Program was re-initiated effective October 21, 2009 and the
first round of bidding closed on December 21, 2009. Winning bids along with the applicable
reimbursement rates are anticipated to be announced during the summer of 2010, with new
reimbursement rates becoming effective in January 2011 for a limited number of geographic areas.

Moreover, Congressional action has provided CMS with additional authority to use pricing
information gathered during the Program for purposes of establishing reimbursement rates in
geographic areas not subject to competitive bidding. Our operating results could be negatively
affected if CMS uses this authority to impose lower reimbursement rates in geographic areas that
would otherwise have been excluded from the impact of competitive bidding.

Prescription volumes may decline, and our net revenues and profitability may be negatively
impacted, if the safety risk profiles of drugs increase or if drugs are withdrawn from the market,
including as a result of manufacturing issues, or if prescription drugs transition to
over-the-counter products.

We dispense significant volumes of brand-name and generic drugs from our mail-order pharmacies
and through networks of retail pharmacies, which are the basis for our net revenues and
profitability. When increased
safety risk profiles or manufacturing issues of specific drugs or classes of drugs result in
utilization decreases, physicians may cease writing or otherwise reduce the numbers of
prescriptions for these drugs. Additionally, negative press regarding drugs with higher safety risk
profiles may result in reduced global consumer demand for such drugs. On occasion, products are
withdrawn by their manufacturers or transition to over-the-counter products. In cases where there
are no acceptable prescription drug equivalents or alternatives for these prescription drugs, or
for over-the-counter products that are not recaptured in the Medco Health StoreTM, our
volumes, net revenues, profitability and cash flows may decline.

25

Table of Contents

PBMs could be subject to claims under ERISA if they are found to be a fiduciary of a health
benefit plan governed by ERISA.

PBMs typically provide services to corporations and other sponsors of health benefit plans
subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”). ERISA regulates employee
pension benefit plans and employee welfare benefit plans, including health and medical plans. The
U.S. Department of Labor (“DOL”), which is the agency that enforces ERISA, could assert that the
fiduciary obligations imposed by the statute apply to some or all of the services provided by a PBM
where the PBM had not agreed to accept fiduciary responsibility. We are party to several lawsuits
which claim we are a fiduciary under ERISA. See Note 14, “Commitments and Contingencies — Legal
Proceedings,” to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. If a court were to determine, in litigation brought by a private party
or in a proceeding arising out of a position taken by the DOL, that we were a fiduciary in
connection with services for which we had not agreed to accept fiduciary responsibility, we could
potentially be subject to claims for breaching fiduciary duties and/or entering into certain
“prohibited transactions” that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations.

Pending litigation could adversely impact our business practices and have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and operating results.

We are party to various legal proceedings and are subject to litigation risks. The most
significant legal proceedings to which Medco is a party are described in detail in Note 14,
“Commitments and Contingencies — Legal Proceedings,” to our audited consolidated financial
statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although we believe we
have meritorious defenses in each of the matters described therein, we could in the future incur
judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in any particular period.

Changes in industry pricing benchmarks could adversely affect our financial performance.

Contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use certain published benchmarks to
establish pricing for prescription drugs. Most of Medco’s PBM client contracts and Accredo and
PolyMedica’s commercial contracts and most of its governmental participating provider agreements
use the Average Wholesale Price, or AWP, standard. Recently, First DataBank, the company that
reports AWP data to Medco, announced it would discontinue publishing AWP some time in 2011.
Currently, we do not know what other pricing benchmark(s) will be adopted. Medco’s customer
contracts contain terms Medco believes will enable it to mitigate any adverse effects resulting
from a change in the pricing benchmark.

Legislation may lead to changes in the pricing for Medicare and Medicaid programs. See Item
1, “Business—Government Regulation—Legislation and Regulation Affecting Drug Prices and Potentially
Affecting the Market for Prescription Benefit Plans and Reimbursement for Durable Medical
Equipment,” included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. At least one Medicaid program has
adopted, and other Medicaid programs, some states and some commercial payors may adopt, those
aspects of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (P.L. 108-173)
or the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (P.L. 109-171) that either result in or appear to result in
price reductions for drugs covered by such programs. Adoption of Average Sales Price (“ASP”) or
Average Manufacturer’s Price (“AMP”) in lieu of AWP as the measure for determining reimbursement by
state Medicaid programs for the drugs sold in our Specialty Pharmacy business could materially
reduce the revenue and gross margins of this business.

26

Table of Contents

We are subject to a corporate integrity agreement and noncompliance may impede our ability to
conduct business with the federal government.

As part of a civil settlement with the Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and other federal
government agencies, in October 2006, Medco entered into a five-year corporate integrity agreement
with the United States Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of the Inspector General
(“OIG”) and the U.S. Office of Personnel Management Office of the Inspector General. The agreement
is designed to ensure that Medco’s compliance program meets certain requirements. The agreement
provides for, among other things, that Medco continue to have a Compliance Officer, a Compliance
Committee, a Code of Conduct that is disseminated to employees, a toll-free number for employees to
report potential violations of Covered Federal Program requirements, written policies and
procedures (including the establishment of new databases), regular training for all employees with
regard to Medco’s Code of Conduct, and various auditing programs. Failure to comply with the
obligations of this corporate integrity agreement could result in debarment from participation in
certain federal business arrangements, financial penalties and damage to Medco’s reputation.

The terms and covenants relating to our existing indebtedness could adversely impact our financial
performance and liquidity.

Like other companies that incur debt, we are subject to risks normally associated with debt
financing, such as the insufficiency of cash flow to meet required debt service payment obligations
and the inability to refinance existing indebtedness. Our credit facilities, accounts receivable
financing facility and the indentures governing our senior notes contain customary restrictions,
requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness, including a maximum total
debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Our continued ability to borrow under our credit facilities and accounts
receivable financing facility is subject to our compliance with such financial and other covenants.
If we fail to satisfy these covenants, we would be in default under the credit facilities, accounts
receivable financing facility and/or indentures, and may be required to repay such debt with
capital from other sources or not be able to draw down against our facility. Under such
circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to us, or be available only on
unattractive terms. See Note 8, “Debt,” to our audited consolidated financial statements included
in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

In addition, as of December 26, 2009, of our total outstanding borrowings of approximately
$4.0 billion, $2.2 billion is impacted by variable interest rates. Increases in interest rates on
variable rate indebtedness would increase our interest expense and could adversely affect our
results of operations.

We may be subject to liability claims for damages and other expenses not covered by insurance.

Our commercial professional liability insurance policies are expected to cover up to $85
million per individual claim. In addition to our commercial professional liability insurance
policies, we have a retained liability component requiring certain self-insurance reserves to cover
potential claims. We currently process any claims included in self-insured retention levels
through a captive insurance company. A successful professional liability claim in excess of our
insurance coverage, or one for which an exclusion from coverage applies, could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We believe most of the claims
described in Note 14, “Commitments and Contingencies—Legal Proceedings,” to our audited
consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
are unlikely to be covered by insurance.

The success of our business depends on maintaining a well-secured pharmacy operation and
technology infrastructure. Additionally, significant disruptions to our infrastructure or any of
our facilities due to failure to execute security measures or failure to execute business
continuity plans in the event of an epidemic or pandemic or some other catastrophic event could
adversely impact our business.

We are dependent on our infrastructure, including our information systems, for many aspects of
our business operations. A fundamental requirement for our business is the secure storage and
transmission of personal health information and other confidential data and we must maintain our
business processes and information systems, and the integrity of our confidential information.
Although we have developed systems and processes that are
designed to protect information against security breaches, failure to protect such information
or mitigate any such breaches may adversely affect our operations. In the event we or our vendors
experience malfunctions in business processes, breaches of information systems, failure to maintain
effective and up-to-date information systems or unauthorized and non-compliant actions by any
individual, this could disrupt our business operations or impact patient safety, result in customer
and member disputes, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation, regulatory
violations, increase administrative expenses or lead to other adverse consequences.

27

Table of Contents

We have automated and other mail-order dispensing pharmacies, call centers, data centers and
corporate facilities. All of these facilities depend on the local infrastructure and the
uninterrupted operation of our computerized dispensing systems and our electronic data processing
systems. Significant disruptions at any of these facilities or our vendors’ facilities due to
failure of technology or any other failure or disruption to these systems or to the infrastructure
due to fire, electrical outage, natural disaster, acts of terrorism or malice, an epidemic or
pandemic or some other catastrophic event could, temporarily or indefinitely, significantly reduce,
or partially or totally eliminate, our ability to process and dispense prescriptions and provide
products and services to our clients and members.

We may be required to record a material non-cash charge to income if our recorded intangible
assets or goodwill are impaired, or if we shorten intangible asset useful lives.

We have over $2.4 billion of recorded intangible assets, net, on our consolidated balance
sheet as of December 26, 2009. For our PBM segment, our intangible assets primarily represent the
value of client relationships that had been pushed down to our consolidated balance sheets and
existed when we became an independent, publicly traded enterprise in 2003, and to a lesser extent,
our acquisitions of PolyMedica in 2007 and a majority stake in Europa Apotheek Venlo B.V. in 2008.
For our Specialty Pharmacy segment, we have intangible assets recorded primarily from our
acquisition of Accredo in 2005. Under current accounting rules, intangible assets are amortized
over their useful lives. These assets may become impaired with events such as the loss of
significant clients or specialty product manufacturer contracts, or when other changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. For our intangible assets, if
the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the undiscounted pre-tax expected future cash flows from
the lowest appropriate asset grouping, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge
to our consolidated statement of income in the amount the carrying value of these assets exceeds
the discounted expected future cash flows. In addition, while our intangible assets may not be
impaired, the useful lives are subject to continual assessment. This assessment may result in a
reduction of the remaining weighted average useful life of these assets, resulting in potentially
significant increases to non-cash amortization expense charged to our consolidated statement of
income, which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings.

We also have over $6.3 billion of recorded goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet as of
December 26, 2009. Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually for each of our segments’ reporting
units. This assessment includes comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to the carrying
value of the assets assigned to that reporting unit. If the carrying value of the reporting unit
were to exceed our estimate of fair value of the reporting unit, we would then be required to
estimate the fair value of the individual assets and liabilities within the reporting unit to
ascertain the fair value of goodwill. If we determine that the fair value is less than our book
value, we could be required to record a non-cash impairment charge to our consolidated statement of
income, which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings.

Anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”), our certificate of
incorporation and our bylaws could delay or deter a change in control and make it more difficult
to remove incumbent officers and directors.

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and various provisions of the DGCL may make it
more difficult to effect a change of control of our company or remove incumbent officers and
directors. The existence of these provisions may adversely affect the price of our common stock,
discourage third parties from making a bid to acquire our company or reduce any premium paid to our
shareholders for their common stock. Our Board of Directors has authority to issue up to
10,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock and to attach special
rights and preferences to this preferred stock. The issuance of this preferred stock may make
it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us.

28

Table of Contents

Moreover, as a result of our ownership of insurance companies, a third party attempting to
effect a change of control of our company may be required to obtain approval from the applicable
state insurance regulatory officials. The need for this approval may discourage third parties from
making a bid for our company or make it more difficult for a third party to acquire our company,
which may adversely affect the price of our common stock.