. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the
statements. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed, and actual results may differ materially from those projected. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future
events, or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and future financial results of the PBM and specialty pharmacy
industries, and other legal, regulatory and economic developments. We use words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “plans,” “expects,” “projects,” “future,” “intends,”
“may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue” and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Our actual
results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in this Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” Item 7, “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Competition in the
PBM, specialty pharmacy and the broader healthcare industry is intense and could impair our ability to attract and retain clients. 

Competition in the PBM industry is intense. We compete with a wide variety of market participants, including national, regional and local PBMs, Blue Cross/Blue Shield plans, insurance companies, managed care organizations, large retail
chains, large retail stores with in-store pharmacy operations and Internet pharmacies. Our competitors include many profitable and well-established companies that have significant financial, marketing and other resources. Some of our specialty
pharmacy and clinical service offerings compete with similar services provided by smaller companies in niche markets. Our competitors include Caremark Rx, Inc., Express Scripts, Inc., CIGNA Corporation, UnitedHealth Group, WellPoint Health Networks
Inc., Aetna Inc., Walgreen Co., CVS Corporation, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Humana Inc. 

We compete based on innovation and service, as well
as on price. To attract new clients and retain existing clients, we must continually develop new products and services to assist clients in managing their pharmacy benefit programs. We may not be able to develop innovative products and services,
including new Medicare Part D offerings, which are attractive to clients. Moreover, although we need to continue to expend significant resources to develop or acquire new products and services in the future, we may not be able to do so. We cannot be
sure that we will continue to remain competitive, nor can we be sure that we will be able to market our PBM services to clients successfully at our current levels of profitability. 

Consolidation within the PBM industry, as well as the acquisition of any of our competitors by larger companies, may lead to increased competition. On
November 1, 2006, CVS Corporation and Caremark Rx, Inc. announced that they had entered into a definitive merger agreement. On December 18, 2006, Express Scripts, Inc. announced a competing, unsolicited offer to acquire Caremark Rx, Inc.
At this time the outcome of the Caremark contest is uncertain and we are not yet in a position to assess whether either proposed combination, if consummated, would have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Failure to retain key clients could result in significantly decreased revenues and could harm our profitability. 

Our largest client, UnitedHealth Group, represented approximately $9,800 million, or 23%, of our net revenues during 2006. Our current agreement with
UnitedHealth Group has an initial term ending December 31, 2009 and, at UnitedHealth Group’s option, may be extended for two additional years ending December 31, 2011. Although none of our other clients individually represented more
than 10% of our net revenues in 2006, our top 10 clients as of December 30, 2006, including UnitedHealth Group, represented approximately 47% of our net revenues during 2006. 

Our larger clients frequently distribute requests for proposals and seek bids from other PBM providers, as well as us, before their contracts with us
expire. In addition, a client that is involved in a merger or other business combination with a company that is not a client may not renew, and in some instances may terminate, its PBM contract with us. 

19 

Table of Contents

If several of our large clients terminate, cancel or do not renew their agreements with us or stop
contracting with us for some of the services we provide because they accept a competing proposal or because they are involved in a merger or acquisition, and we are not successful in generating new sales with comparable operating margins to replace
the lost business, our revenues and results of operations could suffer. 

If we do not continue to earn and retain purchase discounts and rebates from
manufacturers at current levels, our gross margins may decline. 

We have contractual relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers
that provide us with purchase discounts on drugs dispensed from our mail-order pharmacies and rebates on brand-name prescription drugs dispensed through mail order and retail. These discounts and rebates are generally passed on to clients in the
form of steeper price discounts and rebate pass-backs. Manufacturer rebates often depend on our ability to meet contractual market share or other requirements. Pharmaceutical manufacturers have also increasingly made rebate payments dependent upon
our agreement to include a broad array of their products in our formularies. 

Competitive pressures in the PBM industry have also caused us
and many other PBMs to share with clients a larger portion of the rebates received from pharmaceutical manufacturers and to increase the discounts offered to clients. 

Changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or in their interpretation by courts and agencies or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions, purchase discount and rebate
arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as some of the formulary and other services we provide to pharmaceutical manufacturers, could also reduce the discounts or rebates we receive and adversely impact our business, financial
condition, liquidity and operating results. 

If we fail to comply with complex and rapidly evolving laws and regulations, we could suffer penalties,
or be required to pay substantial damages or make significant changes to our operations. 

We are subject to numerous federal and
state regulations. If we fail to comply with existing or future applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil or criminal penalties, including the loss of our licenses to operate our mail-order pharmacies and our ability to participate in
federal and state healthcare programs. As a consequence of the severe penalties we could face, we must devote significant operational and managerial resources to complying with these laws and regulations. Although we believe that we are
substantially compliant with all existing statutes and regulations applicable to our business, different interpretations and enforcement policies of these laws and regulations could subject our current practices to allegations of impropriety or
illegality, or could require us to make significant changes to our operations. In addition, we cannot predict the impact of future legislation and regulatory changes on our business or assure that we will be able to obtain or maintain the regulatory
approvals required to operate our business. 

Government efforts to reduce healthcare costs and alter healthcare financing practices could lead to a
decreased demand for our services or to reduced profitability. 

During the past several years, the U.S. healthcare industry has been
subject to an increase in governmental regulation at both the federal and state levels. Efforts to control healthcare costs, including prescription drug costs, are underway at the federal and state government levels. Congress frequently considers
proposals to reform the U.S. healthcare system. These proposals may increase governmental involvement in healthcare and PBM services and may otherwise change the way our clients conduct business. Healthcare organizations may react to these proposals
and the uncertainty surrounding them by reducing or delaying the purchase of our PBM services, and manufacturers may react by reducing rebates or reducing supplies of certain products. These proposals could lead to a decreased demand for our
services or to reduced rebates from manufacturers. 

In addition, both Congress and state legislatures are expected to consider legislation
to increase governmental regulation of managed care plans. Some of these initiatives would, among other things, require that health plan members have greater access to drugs not included on a plan’s formulary and give health plan members the
right to sue their health plans for malpractice when they have been denied care. The scope of the managed care reform proposals under consideration by Congress and state legislatures and enacted by states to date vary greatly, and we cannot predict
the extent of future legislation. However, these initiatives could limit our business practices and impair our ability to serve our clients. 

20 

Table of Contents

Failure to execute our Medicare Part D prescription drug benefits strategy could adversely impact our business and
financial results. 

The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “MMA”) offers
far-reaching changes to the Medicare program, including changes to the Medicare Advantage (formerly Medicare+Choice) program, administrative and contracting reforms, changes to Medicare provider reimbursement, and the creation of a new type of
health savings account. 

The Medicare Part D prescription benefit could have the effect of rendering existing pharmacy benefit plans less
valuable to beneficiaries and reduce the total market for PBM services. In addition, some of our clients could decide to discontinue providing prescription drug benefits to their Medicare-eligible members. If this occurs, the adverse effects of the
Medicare Part D benefit may outweigh any opportunities for new business generated by the new benefit. We are not yet able to assess the long-term impact that Medicare Part D will have on our clients’ decisions to continue to offer a
prescription drug benefit to their Medicare-eligible members. Although we have been approved by CMS as a national Medicare Part D prescription drug plan sponsor, we are not yet in a position to predict the long-term impact of such participation on
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our agreements with CMS, as well as applicable Medicare Part D regulations and
federal and state laws, require us to, among other obligations: (i) comply with certain disclosure, filing, record-keeping and marketing rules; (ii) operate quality assurance, drug utilization management and medication therapy management
programs; (iii) support e-prescribing initiatives; (iv) implement grievance, appeals and formulary exception processes; (v) comply with payment protocols, which include the return of overpayments to CMS and, in certain circumstances,
coordination with state pharmacy assistance programs; (vi) use approved networks and formularies, and provide access to such networks to any willing pharmacy; (vii) provide emergency out-of-network coverage; and (viii) adopt a
comprehensive Medicare and Fraud, Waste and Abuse compliance program. Any contractual or regulatory non-compliance on our part could entail significant sanctions and monetary penalties. 

The growth of our Medicare Part D business is an important component of our business strategy and, accordingly, we have made substantial investments in
the service personnel and technology necessary to administer that business. Any failure to achieve growth in our Medicare Part D business may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

PBMs could be subject to claims under ERISA if they are found to be a fiduciary of a health benefit plan governed by ERISA. 

PBMs typically provide services to corporations and other sponsors of health benefit plans. These plans are subject to ERISA, which regulates employee
pension benefit plans and employee welfare benefit plans, including health and medical plans. The U.S. Department of Labor, which is the agency that enforces ERISA, could assert that the fiduciary obligations imposed by the statute apply to some or
all of the services provided by a PBM. We are party to several lawsuits that claim we are a fiduciary under ERISA. If a court were to determine, in litigation brought by a private party or in a proceeding arising out of a position taken by the
Department of Labor, that we were a fiduciary in connection with services we provide, we could potentially be subject to claims for breaching fiduciary duties and/or entering into certain “prohibited transactions.” 

Pending litigation could adversely impact our business practices and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and operating
results. 

We are party to various legal proceedings and are subject to material litigation risks. The material legal proceedings to
which Medco is a party are described in detail in Note 14, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although we believe we have
meritorious defenses in each of the matters described in Item 3 below, we could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period.

21 

Table of Contents

We are subject to a corporate integrity agreement. 

As part of a civil settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice and other federal government agencies, Medco entered into a five-year corporate
integrity agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General and the U.S. Office of Personnel Management Office of Inspector General. The corporate integrity agreement provides for, among other things, that
Medco continue to have a Compliance Officer, a Compliance Committee, a Code of Conduct that is disseminated to employees, a toll-free number for employees to report potential violations of Covered Federal Program requirements, written policies and
procedures (including the establishment of new databases), regular training for all employees with regard to Medco’s Code of Conduct, and various auditing programs. Failure to comply with the obligations of the corporate integrity agreement
could result in debarment from participation in certain federal business arrangements, financial penalties and damage to Medco’s reputation. 

Legislative or regulatory initiatives that restrict or prohibit the PBM industry’s ability to use patient identifiable medical information could limit our ability to use information that is critical to the operation of our
business. 

Many of our products and services rely on our ability to use
patient identifiable information in various ways. In addition to electronically reviewing hundreds of millions of prescriptions each year, we collect and process confidential information through many of our programs and alliances, including
RationalMed
®

 and point-of-care initiatives. There is currently substantial regulation at
the federal and state levels addressing the use and disclosure of patient identifiable medical and other information. Sanctions for failing to comply with standards issued pursuant to state or federal statutes or regulations include criminal
penalties and civil sanctions. See Item 1, “Business—Government Regulation” above. These and future regulations and legislation that severely restrict or prohibit our use of patient identifiable medical and other information
could limit our ability to use information that is critical to the operation of our business. If we violate a patient’s privacy or are found to have violated any state or federal statute or regulation with regard to the confidentiality,
dissemination or use of patient medical information, we could be liable for significant damages, fines or penalties. 

Our specialty pharmacy business
is highly dependent on our relationships with a limited number of biopharmaceutical suppliers and the loss of any of these relationships could significantly impact our ability to sustain or increase our revenues. 

We derive a substantial percentage of our specialty pharmacy segment revenue and profitability from our relationships with Biogen Idec, Inc., Genzyme
Corporation, GlaxoSmithKline, Inc., MedImmune, Inc., Genentech, Inc. and Baxter Healthcare Corporation. The majority of the IVIG (intravenous immunoglobulin) and blood clotting factor products dispensed through our specialty pharmacy business were
purchased from Baxter Healthcare Corporation. 

Our agreements with these suppliers are short-term and cancelable by either party without
cause on 60 to 365 days prior notice. These agreements also generally limit our ability to distribute competing drugs, or provide services related to competing drugs, during and, in some cases, after the term of the agreement, while allowing
the supplier to distribute through channels other than us. Further, these agreements provide that pricing and other terms of these relationships be periodically adjusted for changing market conditions or required service levels. Any termination or
modification to any of these relationships could have an adverse effect on a portion of our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our ability to grow our specialty pharmacy business could be limited if we do not expand our existing base of drugs or if we lose patients. 

The Accredo Health Incorporated component of our specialty pharmacy segment has 28 primary products. It focuses almost exclusively on a limited number of complex and expensive drugs that serve small patient
populations. 

Due to the limited patient populations that use the drugs that our specialty pharmacy business handles, our future growth is
dependent on expanding our base of drugs. Further, a loss of patient base or reduction in demand for any reason of the drugs we currently handle could have a material adverse effect on a significant portion of our specialty pharmacy business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

22 

Table of Contents

Our specialty pharmacy business and Medicare Part D offerings expose us to increased credit risk.

A portion of our specialty pharmacy business is funded through medical benefit coverage, the majority of which is provided by
private insurers. These specialty pharmacy claims are generally for very high-priced medicines, and collection of payments from insurance companies, members and other payors generally takes substantially longer than for those claims administered
through a PBM benefit. Because of the high cost of these claims, and the nature of the medical benefit coverage determination process, these accounts receivable are characterized by higher risk in collecting the full amounts due. 

Our Medicare Part D offering requires premium payments from members for the ongoing benefit, as well as amounts due from CMS, such as in the case of
recorded receivables generated from risk corridor calculations. Due to the demographics of the consumers covered under the program and the complexity of the calculations for amounts due from CMS, these accounts receivable are subject to realization
risk in excess of what is experienced in the core PBM business. 

As a result of these risks, we may be required to record bad debt expenses
that may impact results of operations and liquidity. 

Changes in industry pricing benchmarks could adversely affect our financial performance.

Contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs.
These benchmarks include average wholesale price, which is referred to as “AWP,” average selling price, which is referred to as “ASP,” and wholesale acquisition cost, which is referred to as “WAC.” Most of Medco’s
PBM client contracts currently utilize the AWP standard. 

Recent events have raised uncertainties as to whether payors, pharmacy providers,
PBMs and others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been calculated, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the industry. Specifically, in the proposed
settlement in the case of New England Carpenters Health Benefits Fund, et al. v. First DataBank, et al., a civil class action case brought against McKesson Corporation and First DataBank (“FDB”), which is one of several companies
that report data on prescription drug prices, FDB has agreed to reduce the reported AWP of certain drugs by four percent at a future time as contemplated by the settlement. At this time, the proposed settlement has not received final court approval.
Over 90% of Medco’s client contracts contain terms that Medco believes will enable it to mitigate any adverse effect of this proposed reduction in FDB’s reported AWP. However, the long-term effect of the proposed settlement cannot be
precisely predicted. 

At least one Medicaid program has adopted, and other Medicaid programs, some states and some commercial payors may
adopt, those aspects of the MMA that either result in or appear to result in price reductions for drugs covered by such programs. Adoption of average selling price in lieu of average wholesale price as the measure for determining reimbursement by
state Medicaid programs for the drugs sold in our specialty pharmacy business could materially reduce the revenue and gross margins of the specialty business. 

The terms and covenants relating to our existing indebtedness could adversely impact our financial performance. 

Like
other companies that incur debt, we are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, such as the insufficiency of cash flow to meet required debt service payment obligations and the inability to refinance existing indebtedness. Our
credit facility, accounts receivable financing facility and the indenture governing our senior notes contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness, including a total debt-to-EBITDA ratio and
debt service coverage ratios. Our continued ability to borrow under our credit facility and accounts receivable financing facility is subject to our compliance with such financial and other covenants. If we fail to satisfy these covenants,
we would be in default under the credit facility, accounts receivable financing facility and/or indenture, and may be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources. Under such circumstances, other sources of capital may not be
available to us, or be available only on unattractive terms. 

23 

Table of Contents

As of December 30, 2006, we had outstanding borrowings of approximately $981 million bearing
interest at variable rates. Increases in interest rates on variable rate indebtedness would increase our interest expense and could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Prescription volumes may decline, and our net revenues and profitability may be negatively impacted, if products are withdrawn from the market or if increased safety risk profiles of specific drugs result in
utilization decreases. 

We dispense significant volumes of brand-name and generic drugs from our mail-order pharmacies and through
our network of retail pharmacies. These volumes are the basis for our net revenues and profitability. When increased safety risk profiles of specific drugs or classes of drugs result in utilization decreases, physicians may cease writing or reduce
the numbers of prescriptions written for these drugs. Additionally, negative press regarding drugs with higher safety risk profiles may result in reduced consumer demand for such drugs. On occasion, products are withdrawn by their manufacturers. In
cases where there are no acceptable prescription drug equivalents or alternatives for these prescription drugs, our volumes, net revenues, profitability and cash flows may decline. 

We may be subject to liability claims for damages and other expenses that are not covered by insurance. 

Our product and professional liability insurance policies are expected to cover individual claims of up to $75 million. Because of the difficulty in obtaining, as well as the high cost of
commercial insurance coverage, our retained liability has been established at levels that require certain self-insurance reserves to cover potential claims. We currently process any claims that are included in self-insured retention levels
through a captive insurance company. A successful product or professional liability claim in excess of our insurance coverage could harm our financial condition and results of operations. We believe that the claims described in Note 14,
“Commitments and Contingencies,” to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are unlikely to be covered by insurance. 

The success of our business depends on maintaining a well-secured pharmacy operation and technology infrastructure. 

We are dependent on our infrastructure, including our information systems, for many aspects of our business operations. A fundamental requirement for our
business is the secure storage and transmission of personal health information and other confidential data. Our business and operations may be harmed if we do not maintain our business processes and information systems, and the integrity of our
confidential information. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect information against security breaches, failure to protect such information or mitigate any such breaches may adversely affect our operations.
Malfunctions in our business processes, breaches of our information systems or the failure to maintain effective and up-to-date information systems could disrupt our business operations, result in customer and member disputes, damage our reputation,
expose us to risk of loss or litigation, result in regulatory violations, increase administrative expenses or lead to other adverse consequences. 

Currently, our automated pharmacies in Willingboro, New Jersey and Las Vegas, Nevada together dispense over 90% of our mail-order prescriptions. Our data center, located in Fair Lawn, New Jersey, provides primary support for all
applications and systems required for our business operations, including our integrated prescription claims processing, billing, communications and mail-order systems. These facilities depend on local infrastructure and on the uninterrupted
operation of our computerized dispensing systems and our electronic data processing systems. Significant disruptions at any of these facilities due to failure of our technology or any other failure or disruption to these systems or to the
infrastructure due to fire, electrical outage, natural disaster, acts of terrorism or malice or some other catastrophic event could, temporarily or indefinitely, significantly reduce, or partially or totally eliminate, our ability to process and
dispense prescriptions and provide products and services to our clients and members. 

We could be required to record a material non-cash charge to
income if our recorded intangible assets are impaired, or if we shorten intangible asset useful lives. 

We have over $2.5 billion of
recorded intangible assets, net, on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 30, 2006. Our intangible assets primarily represent the value of client relationships that was recorded upon our acquisition in 1993 by Merck and, for our
specialty pharmacy business, intangible assets recorded from our acquisition of Accredo. 

24 

Table of Contents

Under current accounting rules, intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives. These assets may become impaired with the loss of significant
clients or biopharmaceutical manufacturer contracts. If the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the undiscounted pre-tax expected future cash flows from the lowest appropriate asset grouping, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment
charge to our statement of income in the amount the carrying value of these assets exceeds the discounted expected future cash flows. In addition, while the intangible assets may not be impaired, the useful lives are subject to continual assessment,
taking into account historical and expected losses of relationships that were in the base at time of acquisition. This assessment may result in a reduction of the remaining weighted average useful life of these assets, resulting in potentially
significant increases to non-cash amortization expense that is charged to our consolidated statement of income. An intangible asset impairment charge, or a reduction of amortization lives, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

Anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”), our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws could delay or
deter a change in control and make it more difficult to remove incumbent officers and directors. 

Our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws and various provisions of the DGCL may make it more difficult to effect a change of control of our company or remove incumbent officers and directors. The existence of these provisions may adversely affect the price of our common stock,
discourage third parties from making a bid to acquire our company or reduce any premium paid to our shareholders for their common stock. Our Board of Directors has authority to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock
and to attach special rights and preferences to this preferred stock. The issuance of this preferred stock may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us. 

Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes as nearly equal in size as possible with staggered three-year terms. This classification of our
Board of Directors could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire our company or of discouraging a third party from acquiring control of our company because it will generally make it more difficult for shareholders to
replace a majority of the directors. It is not possible to remove a director except for cause and only by a vote of holders of at least 80% of the voting power of our outstanding shares of stock. 

Additionally, as a result of our ownership of insurance companies, a third party attempting to effect a change of control of our company may be required
to obtain approval from the applicable state insurance regulatory officials. The need for this approval may discourage third parties from making a bid for our company or make it more difficult for a third party to acquire our company, which may
adversely affect the price of our common stock.