.

     This Annual Report on 
Form 10-K
 contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and
uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements.
No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed, and actual results may differ materially from those
projected. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as
a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not
historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and
projections about the business and future financial results of the PBM and specialty pharmacy
industries, and other legal, regulatory and economic developments. We use words such as
“anticipates,” “believes,” “plans,” “expects,” “projects,” “future,” “intends,” “may,” “will,”
“should,” “could,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue” and similar expressions to
identify these forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from the
results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including
those discussed in this Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and other sections of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.

18

Table of Contents

Competition in the PBM, specialty pharmacy and the broader healthcare industry is intense and could
impair our ability to attract and retain clients.

     Competition in the PBM industry is widespread. We compete with a wide variety of market
participants, including national, regional and local PBMs, Blue Cross/Blue Shield plans, insurance
companies, managed care organizations, large retail chains, large retail stores with in-store
pharmacy operations and Internet pharmacies. Our competitors include many profitable and
well-established companies that have significant financial, marketing and other resources. Some of
our specialty pharmacy and clinical service offerings compete with similar services provided by
smaller companies in niche markets. Our main competitors include CVS Caremark Corporation, Express
Scripts, Inc., CIGNA Corporation, UnitedHealth Group, WellPoint Health Networks Inc., Aetna Inc.,
Walgreen Co., Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Humana Inc.

     We compete based on innovation and service, as well as on price. To attract new clients and
retain existing clients, we must continually develop new products and services to assist clients in
managing their pharmacy benefit programs. We may not be able to develop innovative products and
services, including new Medicare Part D offerings, which are attractive to clients. Moreover,
although we need to continue to expend significant resources to develop or acquire new products and
services in the future, we may not be able to do so. We cannot be sure that we will continue to
remain competitive, nor can we be sure that we will be able to market our PBM services to clients
successfully at our current levels of profitability.

     Consolidation within the PBM industry, as well as the acquisition of any of our competitors by
larger companies, may lead to increased competition.

Failure to retain key clients could result in significantly decreased revenues and could harm our
profitability.

     Our largest client, UnitedHealth Group, represented approximately $9,900 million, or 22%, of
our net revenues during 2007. Our current agreement with UnitedHealth Group has an initial term
ending December 31, 2009 and, at UnitedHealth Group’s option, may be extended for two additional
years ending December 31, 2011. The UnitedHealth Group account has much lower mail-order
penetration and, because of its size, much steeper pricing than the average client, and
consequently generates lower profitability than typical client accounts. Although none of our other
clients individually represented more than 10% of our net revenues in 2007, our top 10 clients as
of December 29, 2007, including UnitedHealth Group, represented approximately 45% of our net
revenues during 2007.

     Our larger clients frequently distribute requests for proposals and seek bids from other PBM
providers, as well as us, before their contracts with us expire. In addition, a client that is
involved in a merger or other business combination with a company that is not a client may not
renew, and in some instances may terminate, its PBM contract with us.

     If several of our large clients terminate, cancel or do not renew their agreements with us or
stop contracting with us for some of the services we provide because they accept a competing
proposal or because they are involved in a merger or acquisition, and we are not successful in
generating new sales with comparable operating margins to replace the lost business, our revenues
and results of operations could suffer.

If we do not continue to earn and retain purchase discounts and rebates from manufacturers at
current levels, our gross margins may decline.

     We have contractual relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers or wholesalers that
provide us with purchase discounts on drugs dispensed from our mail-order pharmacies and rebates on
brand-name prescription drugs dispensed through mail order and retail. These discounts and rebates
are generally passed on to clients in the form of steeper price discounts and rebate pass-backs.
Manufacturer rebates often depend on our ability to meet contractual market share or other
requirements. Pharmaceutical manufacturers have also increasingly made rebate payments dependent
upon our agreement to include a broad array of their products in our formularies.

     Competitive pressures in the PBM industry have also caused us and many other PBMs to share
with clients a larger portion of the rebates received from pharmaceutical manufacturers and to
increase the discounts offered to clients.

19

Table of Contents

     Changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or in their interpretation by courts
and agencies or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions,
purchase discount and rebate arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as some of the
formulary and other services we provide to pharmaceutical manufacturers, could also reduce the
discounts or rebates we receive and adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity
and operating results.

Our acquisition activity has increased recently and if we are unable to effectively integrate
acquired businesses into ours, our operating results may be adversely affected. Even if we are
successful, the integration of these businesses has required, and will likely continue to require,
significant resources and management attention.

     In October 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding common stock of PolyMedica and on November
14, 2007, we acquired Critical Care. PolyMedica is a leading provider of diabetes care, under its
Liberty brand, including blood glucose testing supplies and related services. Critical Care is one
of the nation’s largest providers of specialty infusion services for home-based and ambulatory
settings. In order to realize the intended benefits of the PolyMedica and Critical Care
acquisitions, or any acquisition we make in the future, we must effectively integrate these
businesses and any future acquired business into ours. We may not be able to successfully
integrate acquired businesses into ours. If we fail to successfully integrate these acquisitions
or if they fail to perform as we anticipated, our existing businesses and our revenue and operating
results could be adversely affected. If the due diligence of the operations of these acquired
businesses performed by us or by third parties on our behalf were inadequate or flawed, or if we
later discover unforeseen financial or business liabilities, the acquired businesses may not
perform as expected. Operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including
difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be
greater than we anticipated. Finally, difficulties assimilating acquired operations and products
into ours could result in the diversion of capital and management’s attention away from other
business issues and opportunities.

If we fail to comply with complex and rapidly evolving laws and regulations, we could suffer
penalties, or be required to pay substantial damages or make significant changes to our operations.

     We are subject to numerous federal and state regulations. If we fail to comply with existing
or future applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil or criminal penalties, including
the loss of our licenses to operate our mail-order pharmacies and our ability to participate in
federal and state healthcare programs. As a consequence of the severe penalties we could face, we
must devote significant operational and managerial resources to complying with these laws and
regulations. Although we believe that we are substantially compliant with all existing statutes and
regulations applicable to our business, different interpretations and enforcement policies of these
laws and regulations could subject our current practices to allegations of impropriety or
illegality, or could require us to make significant changes to our operations. In addition, we
cannot predict the impact of future legislation and regulatory changes on our business or ensure
that we will be able to obtain or maintain the regulatory approvals required to operate our
business.

Government efforts to reduce healthcare costs and alter healthcare financing practices could lead
to a decreased demand for our services or to reduced profitability.

     During the past several years, the U.S. healthcare industry has been subject to an increase in
governmental regulation at both the federal and state levels. Efforts to control healthcare costs,
including prescription drug costs, are underway at the federal and state government levels.
Congress frequently considers proposals to reform the U.S. healthcare system. These proposals may
increase governmental involvement in healthcare and PBM services and may otherwise change the way
our clients conduct business. Healthcare organizations may react to these proposals and the
uncertainty surrounding them by reducing or delaying the purchase of our PBM services, and
manufacturers may react by reducing rebates or reducing supplies of certain products. These
proposals could lead to a decreased demand for our services or to reduced rebates from
manufacturers.

     In addition, both Congress and state legislatures are expected to consider legislation to
increase governmental regulation of managed care plans. Some of these initiatives would, among
other things, require that health plan members have greater access to drugs not included on a
plan’s formulary and give health plan members the right to sue their health plans for malpractice
when they have been denied care. The scope of the managed care reform proposals under
consideration by Congress and state legislatures and enacted by states to date vary greatly, and we
cannot predict the

20

Table of Contents

extent of future legislation. However, these initiatives could limit our business practices
and impair our ability to serve our clients.

Failure to execute our Medicare Part D prescription drug benefits strategy could adversely impact
our business and financial results.

     Our agreements with CMS, as well as applicable Medicare Part D regulations and federal and
state laws, impose numerous requirements on us. As a CMS-approved PDP, our policies and practices
associated with executing the program are subject to audit, and if material contractual or
regulatory non-compliance was to be identified, applicable sanctions and/or monetary penalties may
be imposed.

     In time, the Medicare Part D prescription benefit could have the effect of rendering existing
pharmacy benefit plans less valuable to beneficiaries and reduce the total market for PBM services.
In addition, some of our clients could decide to discontinue providing prescription drug benefits
to their Medicare-eligible members. If this occurs, the adverse effects of the Medicare Part D
benefit may outweigh any opportunities for new business generated by the new benefit. We are not
yet able to assess the long-term impact that Medicare Part D will have on our clients’ decisions to
continue to offer a prescription drug benefit to their Medicare-eligible members. Although we have
been approved by CMS as a national Medicare Part D prescription drug plan sponsor, we are not yet
in a position to predict the long-term impact of such participation on our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

     The growth of our Medicare Part D business is an important component of our business strategy
and, accordingly, we have made substantial investments in the service personnel and technology
necessary to administer that business. Any failure to achieve growth in our Medicare Part D
business may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

PBMs could be subject to claims under ERISA if they are found to be a fiduciary of a health benefit
plan governed by ERISA.

     PBMs typically provide services to corporations and other sponsors of health benefit plans.
These plans are subject to ERISA (the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974), which
regulates employee pension benefit plans and employee welfare benefit plans, including health and
medical plans. The U.S. Department of Labor (“DOL”), which is the agency that enforces ERISA, could
assert that the fiduciary obligations imposed by the statute apply to some or all of the services
provided by a PBM. We are party to several lawsuits that claim we are a fiduciary under ERISA. See
Note 14, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to our consolidated financial statements included in Part
II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If a court were to determine, in litigation brought
by a private party or in a proceeding arising out of a position taken by the DOL, that we were a
fiduciary in connection with services we provide, we could potentially be subject to claims for
breaching fiduciary duties and/or entering into certain “prohibited transactions.”

Pending litigation could adversely impact our business practices and have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, liquidity and operating results.

     We are party to various legal proceedings and are subject to material litigation risks. The
material legal proceedings to which Medco is a party are described in detail in Note 14,
“Commitments and Contingencies,” to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item
8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although we believe we have meritorious defenses in each of
the matters described therein, we could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of
claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity
and results of operations in any particular period.

We are subject to corporate integrity agreements and noncompliance may impede our ability to
conduct business with the federal government.

     As part of a civil settlement with the Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and other federal
government agencies, in October 2006, Medco entered into a five-year corporate integrity agreement
with the United States Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of the Inspector General
(“OIG”) and the U.S. Office of Personnel Management Office of

21

Table of Contents

Inspector General. On November 8, 2004, prior to our ownership, PolyMedica entered into a
five-year corporate integrity agreement as part of a civil settlement with the DOJ and the OIG.
Failure to comply with the obligations of these corporate integrity agreements could result in
debarment from participation in certain federal business arrangements, financial penalties and
damage to Medco’s reputation.

Legislative or regulatory initiatives that restrict or prohibit the PBM industry’s ability to use
patient identifiable medical information could limit our ability to use information that is
critical to the operation of our business.

     Many of our products and services rely on our ability to use patient identifiable information
in various ways. In addition to electronically reviewing hundreds of millions of prescriptions each
year, we collect and process confidential information through many of our programs and alliances,
including RationalMed and point-of-care initiatives. There is currently substantial regulation at
the federal and state levels addressing the use and disclosure of patient identifiable medical and
other information. Sanctions for failing to comply with standards issued pursuant to state or
federal statutes or regulations include criminal penalties and civil sanctions. See Item 1,
“Business—Government Regulation” above. These and future regulations and legislation that severely
restrict or prohibit our use of patient identifiable medical and other information could limit our
ability to use information that is critical to the operation of our business. If we violate a
patient’s privacy or are found to have violated any state or federal statute or regulation with
regard to the confidentiality, dissemination or use of patient medical information, we could be
liable for significant damages, fines or penalties.

Our specialty pharmacy business is highly dependent on our relationships with a limited number of
biopharmaceutical suppliers and the loss of any of these relationships could significantly impact
our ability to sustain or increase our revenues.

     We derive a substantial percentage of our specialty pharmacy segment revenue and profitability
from our relationships with Biogen Idec, Inc., Genzyme Corporation, GlaxoSmithKline, Inc.,
MedImmune, Inc., Genentech, Inc. and Baxter Healthcare Corporation. The majority of the IVIG
(intravenous immunoglobulin) and blood clotting factor products dispensed through our specialty
pharmacy business was purchased from Baxter Healthcare Corporation.

     Our agreements with these suppliers may be short-term and cancelable by either party without
cause on 60 to 365 days prior notice. These agreements may limit our ability to distribute
competing drugs, or provide services related to competing drugs, during the term of the agreement,
while allowing the supplier to distribute through channels other than us. Further, these agreements
provide that pricing and other terms of these relationships be periodically adjusted for changing
market conditions or required service levels. Any termination or modification to any of these
relationships could have an adverse effect on a portion of our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

Our ability to grow our specialty pharmacy business could be limited if we do not expand our
existing base of drugs or if we lose patients

.

     Our Specialty Pharmacy segment focuses on a limited number of complex and expensive drugs that
serve small patient populations. Due to the limited patient populations that use the drugs that
our specialty pharmacy business handles, our future growth is dependent on expanding our base of
drugs. Further, a loss of patient base or reduction in demand for any reason of the drugs we
currently handle could have a material adverse effect on a significant portion of our specialty
pharmacy business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our specialty pharmacy business, Medicare Part D offerings and certain revenues from diabetes
testing supplies expose us to increased credit risk.

     Our specialty pharmacy business is funded through medical benefit coverage, the majority of
which is provided by private insurers, as well as reimbursement by government agencies. These
specialty pharmacy claims are generally for very high-priced medicines, and collection of payments
from insurance companies, members and other payors generally takes substantially longer than for
those claims administered through a PBM benefit. Because of the high cost of these claims, and the
nature of the medical benefit coverage determination process, these accounts receivable are
characterized by higher risk in collecting the full amounts due.

22

Table of Contents

     Our Medicare Part D product offering requires premium payments from members for the ongoing
benefit, as well as amounts due from CMS. As a result of the demographics of the consumers covered
under the program and the complexity of the calculations for amounts due from CMS, these accounts
receivable are subject to realization risk in excess of what is experienced in the core PBM
business.

     Revenues
from the sale of diabetes testing supplies under the Liberty brand depend on the continued
availability of reimbursement by government and private insurance plans. The government’s Medicare
regulations are complex and as a result, the collection process is time consuming and typically
involves the submission of claims to multiple payors whose payment of claims may be contingent upon
the payment of another payor. Because of the coordination with multiple payors and the complexity
in determining reimbursable amounts, these accounts receivable have higher risk in collecting the
full amounts due.

     As a result of these risks, we may be required to record bad debt expenses that may impact
results of operations and liquidity.

Changes in industry pricing benchmarks could adversely affect our financial performance.

     Contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use certain published benchmarks to
establish pricing for prescription drugs. These benchmarks include average wholesale price, which
is referred to as “AWP,” average selling price, which is referred to as “ASP,” and wholesale
acquisition cost, which is referred to as “WAC.” Most of Medco’s PBM client contracts currently
utilize the AWP standard.

     Recent events have raised uncertainties as to whether payors, pharmacy providers, PBMs and
others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been
calculated, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the
industry. Specifically, in the proposed settlement in the case of New England Carpenters Health
Benefits Fund, et al. v. First DataBank, et al., a civil class action case brought against McKesson
Corporation and First DataBank (“FDB”), which is one of several companies that report data on
prescription drug prices, FDB had agreed to reduce the reported AWP of certain drugs by four
percent at a future time as contemplated by the settlement. In January 2008, the court declined to
approve this settlement, although a revised settlement may be submitted to the court. Over 90% of
Medco’s client contracts contain terms that Medco believes will enable it to mitigate any adverse
effects of this kind of settlement.

     Legislation may lead to changes in the pricing for Medicare and Medicaid programs. See Item
1, “Business—Government Regulation—Legislation and Regulation Affecting Drug Prices and
Potentially Affecting the Market for Prescription Benefit Plans and Reimbursement for Durable
Medical Equipment,” above. At least one Medicaid program has adopted, and other Medicaid programs,
some states and some commercial payors may adopt, those aspects of the Act that either result in or
appear to result in price reductions for drugs covered by such programs. Adoption of ASP in lieu of
AWP as the measure for determining reimbursement by state Medicaid programs for the drugs sold in
our specialty pharmacy business could materially reduce the revenue and gross margins of this
business.

The terms and covenants relating to our existing indebtedness could adversely impact our financial
performance.

     Like other companies that incur debt, we are subject to risks normally associated with debt
financing, such as the insufficiency of cash flow to meet required debt service payment obligations
and the inability to refinance existing indebtedness. Our credit facilities, accounts receivable
financing facility and the indenture governing our senior notes contain customary restrictions,
requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness, including a maximum total
debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Our continued ability to borrow under our credit facilities and accounts
receivable financing facility is subject to our compliance with such financial and other covenants.
If we fail to satisfy these covenants, we would be in default under the credit facilities,
accounts receivable financing facility and/or indenture, and may be required to repay such debt
with capital from other sources. Under such circumstances, other sources of capital may not be
available to us, or be available only on unattractive terms.

23

Table of Contents

     In addition, as of December 29, 2007, we had outstanding borrowings of approximately $3.2
billion that are impacted by variable interest rates. Increases in interest rates on variable rate
indebtedness would increase our interest expense and could adversely affect our results of
operations.

Prescription volumes may decline, and our net revenues and profitability may be negatively
impacted, if products are withdrawn from the market, if prescription drugs transition to
over-the-counter products, or if increased safety risk profiles of specific drugs result in
utilization decreases.

     We dispense significant volumes of brand-name and generic drugs from our mail-order pharmacies
and through our network of retail pharmacies. These volumes are the basis for our net revenues and
profitability. When increased safety risk profiles of specific drugs or classes of drugs result in
utilization decreases, physicians may cease writing or reduce the numbers of prescriptions written
for these drugs. Additionally, negative press regarding drugs with higher safety risk profiles may
result in reduced consumer demand for such drugs. On occasion, products are withdrawn by their
manufacturers. In cases where there are no acceptable prescription drug equivalents or
alternatives for these prescription drugs, our volumes, net revenues, profitability and cash flows
may decline.

We may be subject to liability claims for damages and other expenses that are not covered by
insurance.

     Our product and professional liability insurance policies are expected to cover individual
claims of up to $85 million. Because of the difficulty in obtaining commercial insurance coverage,
as well as its high cost, our retained liability has been established at levels that require
certain self-insurance reserves to cover potential claims. We currently process any claims that
are included in self-insured retention levels through a captive insurance company. A successful
product or professional liability claim in excess of our insurance coverage could harm our
financial condition and results of operations. We believe that the claims described in Note 14,
“Commitments and Contingencies,” to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item
8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are unlikely to be covered by insurance.

The success of our business depends on maintaining a well-secured pharmacy operation and technology
infrastructure and failure to execute could adversely impact our business.

     We are dependent on our infrastructure, including our information systems, for many aspects of
our business operations. A fundamental requirement for our business is the secure storage and
transmission of personal health information and other confidential data. Our business and
operations may be harmed if we do not maintain our business processes and information systems, and
the integrity of our confidential information. Although we have developed systems and processes
that are designed to protect information against security breaches, failure to protect such
information or mitigate any such breaches may adversely affect our operations. Malfunctions in our
business processes, breaches of our information systems or the failure to maintain effective and
up-to-date information systems could disrupt our business operations, result in customer and member
disputes, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation, result in regulatory
violations, increase administrative expenses or lead to other adverse consequences.

     Currently, our automated pharmacies in Willingboro, New Jersey and Las Vegas, Nevada together
dispense over 90% of our mail-order prescriptions. Our data center, located in Fair Lawn, New
Jersey, provides primary support for all applications and systems required for our business
operations, including our integrated prescription claims processing, billing, communications and
mail-order systems. These facilities depend on local infrastructure and on the uninterrupted
operation of our computerized dispensing systems and our electronic data processing systems.
Significant disruptions at any of these facilities due to failure of our technology or any other
failure or disruption to these systems or to the infrastructure due to fire, electrical outage,
natural disaster, acts of terrorism or malice or some other catastrophic event could, temporarily
or indefinitely, significantly reduce, or partially or totally eliminate, our ability to process
and dispense prescriptions and provide products and services to our clients and members.

We could be required to record a material non-cash charge to income if our recorded intangible
assets or goodwill are impaired, or if we shorten intangible asset useful lives.

24

Table of Contents

     We have over $2.9 billion of recorded intangible assets, net, on our consolidated balance
sheet as of December 29, 2007. For our PBM segment, our intangible assets primarily represent the
value of client relationships that was recorded upon our acquisition in 1993 by Merck, and to a
lesser extent, intangible assets recorded upon our acquisition of PolyMedica in 2007, including the
value of the Liberty trade name, which is indefinite-lived, and customer relationships. For our
Specialty Pharmacy segment, we have intangible assets recorded primarily from our acquisition of
Accredo in 2005. Under current accounting rules, definite-lived intangible assets are amortized
over their useful lives. These assets may become impaired with the loss of significant clients or
biopharmaceutical manufacturer contracts. For definite-lived intangible assets, if the carrying
amount of the assets exceeds the undiscounted pre-tax expected future cash flows from the lowest
appropriate asset grouping, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge to our
statement of income in the amount the carrying value of these assets exceeds the discounted
expected future cash flows. In addition, while the definite-lived intangible assets may not be
impaired, the useful lives are subject to continual assessment, taking into account historical and
expected losses of relationships that were in the base at time of acquisition. This assessment may
result in a reduction of the remaining weighted average useful life of these assets, resulting in
potentially significant increases to non-cash amortization expense that is charged to our
consolidated statement of income, which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings. Our
indefinite-lived intangible will be reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if a change
in events warrants such a review by comparing its carrying amount to its fair value. An impairment
charge would be recorded for the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the
indefinite-lived intangible and this non-cash impairment charge could have a material adverse
effect on our earnings.

     We also have recorded goodwill of $6.2 billion on our consolidated balance sheet as of
December 29, 2007. Goodwill is also assessed for impairment annually for each of our segments’
reporting units. This assessment includes comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to the
carrying value of the assets assigned to that reporting unit. If the carrying value of the
reporting unit were to exceed our estimate of fair value of the reporting unit, we would then be
required to estimate the fair value of the individual assets and liabilities within the reporting
unit to ascertain the amount of goodwill impairment. If we determine that our fair value is less
than our book value, we could be required to record a non-cash impairment charge to our statement
of income, which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings.

Changes in reimbursement rates, including competitive bidding for durable medical equipment
suppliers, could negatively affect our PolyMedica diabetes testing supplies revenues and profits
under our Liberty brand.

     The majority of our revenues under our Liberty brand depend on the continued availability of
reimbursement by government and private insurance plans. Any reduction in Medicare or other
government program or private plan reimbursements currently available for our products would reduce
our revenues. Without a corresponding reduction in the cost of such products, our profits would
also be reduced. Additionally, our profits could be affected by the imposition of more stringent
regulatory requirements for Medicare or other government program reimbursement or adjustments to
previously reimbursed amounts.

     The Act provides for a program for competitive bidding of certain durable medical equipment
items, which includes diabetes testing supplies. Beginning July 1, 2008, diabetes testing supplies
delivered by mail will be bid only in 10 competitive bid areas. CMS intends to expand the entire
competitive bidding program and may specifically implement a national or regional mail-order
program for diabetes testing supplies in 2010, which could affect a substantial portion of
PolyMedica’s diabetes patient base. Only winning mail-order diabetes testing supply bidders will be
allowed to provide competitively bid items by mail to patients whose primary residence is in a
competitively bid area. Competitive bidding could cause our operating results to be negatively
affected through a combination of lower reimbursement rates for competitively bid items and/or our
failure to secure status as a contracted supplier.

     The Act provides CMS additional authority, beginning in 2009, to use pricing information it
gathers during the initial competitive bidding phases for the purposes of establishing
reimbursement rates in geographic areas not subject to competitive bidding. CMS intends to issue
further guidance on whether and then how it intends to use this Inherent Reasonableness authority
through the formal rule making process. Our operating results could be negatively affected if CMS
uses this authority to impose lower reimbursement rates in geographic areas that would otherwise
have been excluded from the impact of competitive bidding.

25

Table of Contents

Anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”), our certificate of
incorporation and our bylaws could delay or deter a change in control and make it more difficult to
remove incumbent officers and directors.

     Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and various provisions of the DGCL may make it
more difficult to effect a change of control of our company or remove incumbent officers and
directors. The existence of these provisions may adversely affect the price of our common stock,
discourage third parties from making a bid to acquire our company or reduce any premium paid to our
shareholders for their common stock. Our Board of Directors has authority to issue up to 10,000,000
shares of “blank check” preferred stock and to attach special rights and preferences to this
preferred stock. The issuance of this preferred stock may make it more difficult for a third party
to acquire control of us.

     Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes as nearly equal in size as possible with
staggered three-year terms. This classification of our Board of Directors could have the effect of
making it more difficult for a third party to acquire our company or of discouraging a third party
from acquiring control of our company because it will generally make it more difficult for
shareholders to replace a majority of the directors. On May 24, 2007, our shareholders approved a
proposal to amend the Company’s certificate of incorporation to de-stagger our Board of Directors
and provide for the phase-in of the annual election of directors over a three-year period, and
therefore all directors will be elected annually beginning at the annual meeting in 2010. In
addition, it is not possible to remove a director except for cause and only by a vote of holders of
at least 80% of the voting power of our outstanding shares of stock.

     Additionally, as a result of our ownership of insurance companies, a third party attempting to
effect a change of control of our company may be required to obtain approval from the applicable
state insurance regulatory officials. The need for this approval may discourage third parties from
making a bid for our company or make it more difficult for a third party to acquire our company,
which may adversely affect the price of our common stock.