Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe-harbor provisions for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such as statements other than historical facts contained or incorporated by reference in this report. These forward-looking statements include statements with respect to
M&I’s financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business, including statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believes,” “expects,” or
“anticipates,” references to estimates or similar expressions. Future filings by M&I with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and future statements other than historical facts contained in written material, press releases and oral
statements issued by, or on behalf of, M&I may also constitute forward-looking statements. 

All forward-looking statements contained in
this report or which may be contained in future statements made for or on behalf of M&I are based upon information available at the time the statement is made and M&I assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as
required by federal securities law. Forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and M&I’s actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in such forward-looking statements. Factors that
might cause actual results to differ from the results discussed in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth below. 

 

M&I’s earnings are significantly affected by general business and economic conditions,
including credit risk and interest rate risk. 

M&I’s business and earnings are sensitive to general business and economic
conditions in the United States and, in particular, the states where it has significant operations, including Wisconsin, Arizona, Minnesota, Missouri, Oklahoma, Kansas, Nevada and Florida. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest
rates, inflation, monetary supply, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, the strength of the U.S. and local economies, consumer spending, borrowing and saving habits, all of which are beyond M&I’s control. For example, an
economic downturn, increase in unemployment or higher interest rates could decrease the demand for loans and other products and services and/or result in a deterioration in credit quality and/or loan performance and collectibility. Nonpayment of
loans, if it occurs, could have an adverse effect on M&I’s financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. Higher interest rates also could increase M&I’s cost to borrow funds and increase the rate M&I pays on
deposits. In addition, an overall economic slowdown could negatively impact the purchasing and decision-making activities of the financial institution customers of Metavante. 

11 

Table of Contents

Terrorism, acts of war or international conflicts could negatively affect M&I’s business and financial
condition. 

Acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts, including ongoing military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan,
and the actions taken by the U.S. and other governments in response to such events could negatively impact general business and economic conditions in the U.S. If terrorist activity, acts of war or other international hostilities cause an overall
economic decline, the financial condition and operating results of M&I could be materially adversely affected. The potential for future terrorist attacks, the national and international responses to terrorist attacks or perceived threats to
national security and other actual or potential conflicts or acts of war, including conflict in the Middle East, have created many economic and political uncertainties that could seriously harm M&I’s business and results of operations in
ways that cannot presently be predicted. 

M&I’s earnings also are significantly affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal
government and its agencies, which could affect repayment of loans and thereby materially adversely affect M&I. 

The policies of the
Federal Reserve Board impact M&I significantly. The Federal Reserve Board regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its policies directly and indirectly influence the rate of interest earned on loans and paid on borrowings
and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of financial instruments M&I holds. Those policies determine to a significant extent M&I’s cost of funds for lending and investing. Changes in those policies are beyond
M&I’s control and are difficult to predict. Federal Reserve Board policies can affect M&I’s borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. For example, a tightening of the money supply by the
Federal Reserve Board could reduce the demand for a borrower’s products and services. This could adversely affect the borrower’s earnings and ability to repay its loan, which could materially adversely affect M&I. 

The banking and financial services industry is highly competitive, which could adversely affect M&I’s financial condition and results of operations.

M&I operates in a highly competitive environment in the products and services M&I offers and the markets in which M&I
serves. The competition among financial services providers to attract and retain customers is intense. Customer loyalty can be easily influenced by a competitor’s new products, especially offerings that provide cost savings to the customer.
Some of M&I’s competitors may be better able to provide a wider range of products and services over a greater geographic area. 

M&I believes the banking and financial services industry will become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continued consolidation of the industry. Technology has lowered barriers
to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic funds transfer and automatic payment systems. Also, investment banks and insurance companies are competing in more banking
businesses such as syndicated lending and consumer banking. Many of M&I’s competitors are subject to fewer regulatory constraints and have lower cost structures. M&I expects the consolidation of the banking and financial services
industry to result in larger, better-capitalized companies offering a wide array of financial services and products. 

Federal and state agency
regulation could increase M&I’s cost structures or have other negative effects on M&I. 

The holding company, its subsidiary
banks and many of its non-bank subsidiaries, including Metavante, are heavily regulated at the federal and state levels. This regulation is designed primarily to protect consumers, depositors and the banking system as a whole, not stockholders.
Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or
implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect M&I in substantial and unpredictable ways including limiting the types of financial services and products M&I may offer, increasing the ability of non-banks to offer competing
financial services and products and/or increasing M&I’s cost structures. Also, M&I’s failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies and damage to its reputation. 

12 

Table of Contents

M&I is subject to examinations and challenges by tax authorities, which, if not resolved in M&I’s favor,
could adversely affect M&I’s financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 

In the normal course of business,
M&I and its affiliates are routinely subject to examinations and challenges from federal and state tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due in connection with investments it has made and the businesses in which it is engaged. Recently,
federal and state taxing authorities have become increasingly aggressive in challenging tax positions taken by financial institutions. These tax positions may relate to tax compliance, sales and use, franchise, gross receipts, payroll, property and
income tax issues, including tax base, apportionment and tax credit planning. The challenges made by tax authorities may result in adjustments to the timing or amount of taxable income or deductions or the allocation of income among tax
jurisdictions. If any such challenges are made and are not resolved in M&I’s favor, they could have an adverse effect on M&I’s financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 

Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions, which could result in a loss of income to M&I. 

Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks at one or both ends of the
transaction. For example, consumers can now pay bills and transfer funds directly without banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer
deposits and income generated from those deposits. 

Maintaining or increasing M&I’s market share depends on market acceptance and regulatory
approval of new products and services and other factors, and M&I’s failure to achieve such acceptance and approval could harm its market share. 

M&I’s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards and to control expenses. There is increasing pressure on financial services companies to
provide products and services at lower prices. This can reduce M&I’s net interest margin and revenues from its fee-based products and services. In addition, M&I’s success depends in part on its ability to generate significant
levels of new business in its existing markets and in identifying and penetrating markets. Growth rates for card-based payment transactions and other product markets may not continue at recent levels. Further, the widespread adoption of new
technologies, including Internet-based services, could require M&I to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt its existing products and services or render M&I’s existing products obsolete. M&I may not successfully introduce
new products and services, achieve market acceptance of its products and services, develop and maintain loyal customers and/or break into targeted markets. 

The holding company relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for most of its revenue, and the banking subsidiaries hold a significant portion of their assets indirectly. 

The holding company is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from its
subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the holding company’s common stock and interest on its debt. The payment of dividends by a subsidiary is subject to federal law restrictions as well as to the
laws of the subsidiary’s state of incorporation. Also, a parent company’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s
creditors. In addition, the M&I bank and savings association subsidiaries hold a significant portion of their mortgage loan and investment portfolios indirectly through their ownership interests in direct and indirect subsidiaries. 

M&I depends on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties, and inaccurate or incomplete information could negatively
impact M&I’s financial condition and results of operations. 

In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other
transactions with customers and counterparties, M&I may rely on information provided to it by customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. M&I may also rely on representations of customers and
counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to a business, M&I may assume that the
customer’s audited financial statements conform with generally accepted accounting principles and present fairly, in all material 

13 

Table of Contents

respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. M&I may also rely on the audit report covering those financial
statements. M&I’s financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted to the extent it relies on financial statements that do not comply with GAAP or that are materially misleading. 

M&I’s accounting policies and methods are the basis of how M&I reports its financial condition and results of operations, and they may require management
to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 

M&I’s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how
M&I records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. M&I’s management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods in order to ensure that they comply with
generally accepted accounting principles and reflect management’s judgment as to the most appropriate manner in which to record and report M&I’s financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the
accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances yet might result in M&I’s reporting materially different amounts than would have been reported under a different
alternative. 

M&I has identified four accounting policies as being “critical” to the presentation of its financial condition
and results of operations because they require management to make particularly subjective and/or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under
different conditions or using different assumptions. These critical accounting policies relate to: (1) the allowance for loan and lease losses; (2) capitalized software and conversion costs; (3) financial asset sales and
securitizations; and (4) income taxes. Because of the inherent uncertainty of estimates about these matters, no assurance can be given that the application of alternative policies or methods might not result in M&I’s reporting
materially different amounts. 

More information on M&I’s critical accounting policies is contained in Item 7,
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Changes in accounting standards could adversely affect
M&I’s reported financial results. 

The bodies that set accounting standards for public companies, including the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), the Securities and Exchange Commission and others, periodically change or revise existing interpretations of the accounting and reporting standards that govern the way that M&I reports its financial
condition and results of operations. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact M&I’s reported financial results. In some cases, M&I could be required to apply a new or revised accounting standard, or a revised
interpretation of an accounting standard, retroactively, which could have a negative impact on reported results or result in the restatement of M&I’s financial statements for prior periods. 

M&I has an active acquisition program, which involves risks related to integration of acquired companies or businesses and the potential for the dilution of the
value of M&I stock. 

M&I regularly explores opportunities to acquire banking institutions, financial technology providers and
other financial services providers. M&I cannot predict the number, size or timing of future acquisitions. M&I typically does not publicly comment on a possible acquisition or business combination until it has signed a definitive agreement
for the transaction. Once M&I has signed a definitive agreement, transactions of this type are generally subject to regulatory approvals and other customary conditions. There can be no assurance M&I will receive such regulatory approvals
without unexpected delays or conditions or that such conditions will be timely met to M&I’s satisfaction, or at all. 

Difficulty
in integrating an acquired company or business may cause M&I not to realize expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits from the acquisition. Specifically, the
integration process could result in higher than expected deposit attrition (run-off), loss of customers and key employees, the disruption of M&I’s business or the business of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect
M&I’s ability to maintain existing relationships with clients, employees and suppliers or to enter into new business relationships. M&I may not be able to successfully leverage the combined product 

14 

Table of Contents

offerings to the combined customer base. These factors could contribute to M&I not achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition within the
desired time frames, if at all. 

Future acquisitions could require M&I to issue stock, to use substantial cash or liquid assets or to
incur debt. In such cases, the value of M&I stock could be diluted and M&I could become more susceptible to economic downturns and competitive pressures. 

M&I has in the past and may in the future explore alternatives to separate Metavante from M&I. 

M&I regularly
reviews whether separating the banking and related businesses from the Metavante business would improve the future prospects of those businesses and, ultimately, the value returned to shareholders. Such separation, should it occur, could take a
variety of forms and could result in a corporate structure significantly different from that which currently exists. M&I typically would not comment on any such transaction until definitive agreements had been signed or the transaction had been
otherwise approved in final form. There can be no assurance that any such transaction will or will not occur. 

M&I is dependent on senior
management, and the loss of service of any of M&I’s senior executive officers could cause M&I’s business to suffer. 

M&I’s continued success depends to a significant extent upon the continued services of its senior management. The loss of services of any of M&I’s senior executive officers could cause M&I’s business to suffer. In
addition, M&I’s success depends in part upon senior management’s ability to implement M&I’s business strategy. 

M&I’s
stock price can be volatile. 

M&I’s stock price can fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors including: 

•

 actual or anticipated variations in M&I’s quarterly results; 

•

 new technology or services by M&I’s competitors; 

•

 unanticipated losses or gains due to unexpected events, including losses or gains on securities held for investment purposes; 

•

 significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving M&I or its competitors;

•

 changes in accounting policies or practices; 

•

 failure to integrate M&I’s acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from M&I’s acquisitions; or 

•

 changes in government regulations. 

General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political conditions, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes, credit loss trends or currency fluctuations, also could cause M&I’s stock
price to decrease regardless of its operating results. 

M&I may be a defendant in a variety of litigation and other actions, which may have a
material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition. 

M&I and its subsidiaries may be involved from
time to time in a variety of litigation arising out of M&I’s business. M&I’s insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against it, and any claims asserted against M&I, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may
harm M&I’s reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation exceed M&I’s insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on M&I’s business, operating results and financial condition
and cash flows. In addition, M&I may not be able to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future, nor may M&I be able to obtain adequate replacement policies with acceptable terms, if at all. 

15 

Table of Contents

In addition to the factors discussed above, the following factors concerning Metavante’s business
may cause M&I’s results to differ from the results discussed in forward-looking statements: 

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or
confidential client or customer information, whether through a breach of M&I’s computer systems or otherwise, could severely harm its business. 

As part of M&I’s financial and data processing products and services, it collects, processes and retains sensitive and confidential client and customer information on behalf of itself and other third parties,
such as Metavante’s customers. Despite the security measures M&I has in place, its facilities and systems, and those of its third party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses,
misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer information, whether by M&I or by its vendors,
could severely damage its reputation, expose it to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt its operations and harm its business. 

Damage to the
data centers on which Metavante relies could harm Metavante’s business. 

Metavante’s data centers are an integral part of its
business. Damage to Metavante’s data centers due to acts of terrorism, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure and other disasters could have a material adverse effect on Metavante’s business, operating results and financial
condition. In addition, because Metavante relies on the integrity of the data it processes, if this data is incorrect or somehow tainted, client relations and confidence in Metavante’s services could be impaired, which would harm
Metavante’s business. 

Network operational difficulties or security problems could damage Metavante’s reputation and business. 

Metavante depends on the reliable operation of network connections from its clients and its clients’ end users to its systems. Any operational
problems or outages in these systems would cause Metavante to be unable to process transactions for its clients and its clients’ end users, resulting in decreased revenues. In addition, any system delays, failures or loss of data, whatever the
cause, could reduce client satisfaction with Metavante’s products and services and harm Metavante’s financial results. 

Metavante
also depends on the security of its systems. Metavante’s networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses and other disruptive problems. Metavante transmits confidential financial information in providing its services. In
addition, under agreements with certain customers, Metavante will be financially liable if consumer data is compromised while in Metavante’s possession, regardless of the safeguards Metavante may have instituted. A material security problem
affecting Metavante could damage its reputation, deter financial services providers from purchasing its products, deter their customers from using its products or result in liability to Metavante. Any material security problem affecting
Metavante’s competitors could affect the marketplace’s perception of Internet banking and electronic commerce service in general and have the same effects. 

Lack of system integrity or credit quality related to Metavante funds settlement could result in a financial loss. 

Metavante settles funds on behalf of financial institutions, other businesses and consumers and receives funds from clients, card issuers, payment networks and consumers on a daily basis for a variety of transaction
types. Transactions facilitated by Metavante include debit card, credit card and electronic bill payment transactions, supporting consumers, financial institutions and other businesses. These payment activities rely upon the technology
infrastructure that facilitates the verification of activity with counterparties and the facilitation of the payment. If the continuity of operations or integrity of processing were compromised this could result in a financial loss to Metavante due
to a failure in payment facilitation. In addition, Metavante may issue credit to consumers, financial institutions or other businesses as part of the funds settlement. A default on this credit by a counterparty could result in a financial loss to
Metavante. 

Metavante may not be able to protect its intellectual property, and Metavante may be subject to infringement claims. 

Metavante relies on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect its proprietary
technology. Despite Metavante’s efforts to protect its intellectual property, third parties may infringe or misappropriate Metavante’s intellectual property or may develop software or 

16 

Table of Contents

technology competitive to Metavante’s. Metavante’s competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate its products or services or
design around Metavante’s intellectual property rights. Metavante may have to litigate to enforce and protect its intellectual property rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which is
expensive and could cause a diversion of resources and may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce intellectual property protection could harm Metavante’s business and ability to
compete. 

Metavante also may be subject to costly litigation in the event its products or technology infringe upon another party’s
proprietary rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents that would be infringed by Metavante’s products or technology. Any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement against Metavante with respect to its
products or technology. Metavante may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could subject Metavante to significant liability for damages.
An adverse determination in any litigation of this type could require Metavante to design around a third party’s patent or to license alternative technology from another party. In addition, litigation is time consuming and expensive to defend
and could result in the diversion of the time and attention of Metavante’s management and employees. Any claims from third parties may also result in limitations on Metavante’s ability to use the intellectual property subject to these
claims. 

Changes in the network pricing and transaction routing strategies of NYCE, a subsidiary of Metavante, could adversely affect NYCE’s
revenue and Metavante’s results of operations. 

The transaction volume and the corresponding revenues of NYCE, a subsidiary of
Metavante, are driven in large measure by NYCE’s execution of long-term strategies for network pricing (including interchange and network fees) and transaction routing. As the debit and electronic payments marketplace continues to shift and
mature, it may be necessary for NYCE to pursue alternate pricing and/or transaction routing strategies. Any significant changes to NYCE’s current pricing and/or transaction routing strategies would likely be implemented over a transitional
phase. Such changes could result in reductions of participant card base, reductions in merchant acceptance, and the potential for transaction misrouting during the transitional phase, any of which would adversely affect NYCE’s revenue and
Metavante’s results of operations. 

Metavante’s business could suffer if it fails to attract and retain key technical people. 

Metavante’s success depends in large part upon Metavante’s ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, management and sales and
marketing personnel. Because the development of Metavante’s products and services requires knowledge of computer hardware, operating system software, system management software and application software, key technical personnel must be
proficient in a number of disciplines. Competition for the best people—in particular individuals with technology experience—is intense. Metavante may not be able to hire or retain key people.