.

Lack of early success with our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers can shut us out of future business with those customers.

Many of the products we sell to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers are incorporated into our customers’ drug manufacturing processes.
In some cases, once a customer chooses a particular product for use in a drug manufacturing process, it is unlikely that the customer will later switch to a competing alternative. In many cases, the regulatory license for the product will specify
the separation and cell culture supplement products qualified for use in the process. Obtaining the regulatory approvals needed for a change in the manufacturing process is time consuming, expensive, and uncertain. Accordingly, if we fail to
convince a pharmaceutical or biotechnology customer to choose our products early in its manufacturing design phase, we may lose permanently the opportunity to participate in the customer’s production of such product. Because we face vigorous
competition in this market from companies with substantial financial and technical resources, we run the risk that our competitors will win significant early business with a customer making it difficult for us to recover that opportunity.

The suspension or termination of production of a customer’s therapeutic product may result in the abrupt suspension or termination
of their purchases of our products, resulting in an unexpected reduction in our revenue. 

Success in our Bioprocess Division substantially depends on the
incorporation of our products into a customer’s manufacturing process. If this “design in” is achieved, we will likely have the opportunity to sell consumable products to the customer during the life cycle of the customer’s
product, which could continue for many years. Our planning and growth projections are built in part on the volume assumptions deriving from these customer successes. If a customer stops production of its product, either temporarily or permanently,
our sales to the customer for the applicable product will drop or stop.

A customer may suspend or terminate production of a product, either voluntarily or involuntarily, and related sales and distribution for many reasons. These may include adverse regulatory,
competitive, legal or economic circumstances. We have had in the past, and expect to have in the future, situations in which a customer suspends its purchases of our products. A suspension or permanent cessation of a process in which we would
otherwise anticipate selling a significant volume of consumables will reduce our revenues and negatively impact our earnings. 

Disruptions in the supply of raw materials and distributed products from our single source suppliers could result in a significant disruption in sales and profitability. 

Our products are made from a wide variety of raw materials that are generally available from alternate sources of supply. However, certain critical raw materials and supplies required for the production of some of
our principal products are available only from a single supplier, as are some products that we distribute. Such raw materials and distributed products cannot be obtained from other sources without significant delay or at all. If such suppliers were
to limit or terminate production or otherwise fail to supply these materials for any reason, such failures could have a material adverse impact on our product sales and our business. 

If our efforts to integrate acquired or licensed businesses or technologies into our business are not successful, our business could be harmed. 

As part of our business strategy, we have grown our business through acquisitions of technologies or of companies that offer products, services and technologies that
we believe complement our products, technologies, and services. We expect to continue to grow our business through additional acquisitions if appropriate opportunities arise. 

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

      23

Table of Contents

PART I 

Managing these recent acquisitions and any future acquisitions will entail numerous operational, legal, and financial risks, including: 

n

 difficulties in assimilating new technologies, operations, sites, and personnel 

n

 inability to achieve anticipated revenue and cost synergies and other financial objectives 

n

 diversion of resources and management attention from our existing businesses and technologies 

n

 inability to maintain uniform quality standards, controls, and procedures 

n

 inability to retain key employees of any acquired businesses or hire enough qualified personnel to staff any new or expanded operations

n

 impairment or loss of relationships with key customers and suppliers of acquired businesses 

n

 issuance of dilutive equity securities 

n

 incurrence or assumption of debt 

n

 exposure to unknown or unanticipated liabilities 

n

 additional expenses associated with future amortization or impairment of acquired intangible assets 

n

 exposure to federal, state, local and foreign tax liabilities in connection with any acquisition or the integration of any acquired businesses

If our consolidated manufacturing operations were disrupted, we may be unable to supply products to our customers and
achieve expected revenues. 

In an effort to better serve our customers and to attain efficiencies of scale and expertise, we have consolidated the
majority of our production facilities into fewer sites. Each of these remaining facilities serves as our primary production facility for specific product lines. This concentration of production, however, exposes us to a greater risk of disruption to
our ability to manufacture and supply our products. If operation at any of these facilities were disrupted, we may not be able to deliver products to our customers and achieve expected revenues or earnings. If we were unable to reestablish
production in a timely manner, we may lose customers and have difficulty regaining them.

It is uncertain whether the safety measures and contingency plans that we have implemented or may implement will successfully address the risks that may arise if production is disrupted. Also,
there can be no assurance that the insurance that we maintain to protect against business interruption loss will be adequate or that such insurance will continue to remain available on acceptable terms, if at all. The extent of the coverage of our
insurance could limit our ability to mitigate for lost sales and could result in such losses materially and adversely affecting our operating results. 

If we fail to maintain adequate quality standards for our products and services, our business may be adversely affected and our reputation harmed. 

Our customers are subject to rigorous quality standards in order to maintain their products and the manufacturing processes and testing methods that generate them. A failure to sustain the specified quality
requirements, including the processing and testing functions performed by our products, could result in the loss of the applicable regulatory license. Delays or quality lapses in our customer’s production line could result in substantial
economic losses to them and to us. For example, large production lots of biotherapeutics are very delicate and expensive and a failure of a separation membrane could result in the contamination of the entire lot, requiring its destruction. We also
perform services that may be considered an extension of our customers’ manufacturing and quality assurance processes, which also require the maintenance of prescribed levels of quality. Although we believe that our continued focus on quality
throughout the company adequately addresses these risks, there can be no assurance that we will not experience occasional or systemic quality lapses in our manufacturing and service operations. If we experience significant or prolonged quality
problems, our business and reputation may be harmed, which may result in the loss of customers, our inability to participate in future customer product opportunities, and reduced revenues and earnings. 

24      

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

Table of Contents

PART I 

 Reduction in our customers’ research and development budgets and government funding may result
in reduced sales. 

Our customers include researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, and government and private
laboratories throughout the world. Their research and development budgets and activities have a large effect on the demand for our products and services. Fluctuations in our customers’ research and development budgets occur due to changes in
available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities and institutional budgetary policies. Our Bioscience business could be adversely impacted by any significant decrease in life science research and
development expenditures by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions or government and private laboratories. In addition, short term changes in administrative, regulatory or purchasing-related procedures can create
uncertainties or other impediments which can contribute to lower sales. 

A portion of our Bioscience sales have been to researchers, universities,
government laboratories, and private foundations whose funding may be dependent in part upon grants from government agencies such as the U.S. National Institute of Health (“NIH”) and similar domestic and international agencies. NIH funds
are subject to reallocation, reduction or discontinuation, which could impact research projects using our products. Government funding of research and development is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Our
revenues may be adversely affected if our customers delay purchases as a result of uncertainties surrounding the approval of government or industrial budget proposals. If researchers were not able to obtain, for any extended period, government
funding necessary to purchase our products or if there is a decrease in overall research funding, it could reduce our Bioscience sales and damage our business. 

 We may be unable to establish and to maintain collaborative development and marketing relationships
with business partners, which could result in a decline in revenues or slower than anticipated growth rates. 

As a part of our business strategy, we have
formed, and intend to continue to form, strategic alliances, license agreements and marketing and distribution arrangements with corporate partners relating to the development, commercialization, marketing and distribution of certain of our existing
and potential products to increase our revenues and to leverage our product and service offerings. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain these relationships and to cultivate additional corporate alliances with such companies.

We cannot ensure that our historical collaborative relationships will be commercially successful or yield the desired results, that we will be able to
negotiate additional collaborative relationships, that such additional collaborative relationships will be available to us on acceptable terms, or that any such relationships, if established, will be commercially successful. In addition, we cannot
ensure that parties with which we have established, or will establish, collaborative relationships will not, either directly or in collaboration with others, pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products in addition to, or instead
of, our products. Such parties may also be acquired by our competitors to terminate our relationship. They may also experience financial or other difficulties that lessen their value to us and to our customers. Our results of operations and
opportunities for growth may be adversely affected by our failure to establish and maintain successful collaborative relationships. 

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

      25

Table of Contents

PART I 

Demand for our Bioprocess products and services are subject to the commercial success of our customers’ products and our
customers’ purchasing patterns, which may vary for reasons outside our control. 

Even if we are successful in securing participation for our
products in a customer’s manufacturing process, sales of many of our Bioprocess products and services remain dependent on the timing and volume of the customer’s production or purchasing patterns, over which we have no control. The
customer’s demand for our products will depend on the regulatory approval and commercial success of the supported product, as well as the customer’s manufacturing schedules and related purchasing power. The regulatory process is complex,
lengthy and expensive and can often take years to complete, if at all. Commercial success of a customer’s product, which would drive demand in production and commensurate demand for our products and services, is dependent on many factors, some
of which can change rapidly, despite early positive indications. Any delay or cancellation by a customer of volume manufacturing may harm our revenues and earnings. 

If we experience a significant disruption in our information technology systems or if we fail to implement new systems and software successfully, our business could be adversely affected.

We rely on one centralized information system throughout our company to keep financial records, process orders, manage inventory, process shipments to
customers, and operate other critical functions. If we were to experience a prolonged system disruption in the information technology systems that involve our interactions with customers and suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and
customers, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, in order to maximize our information technology efficiency, we have physically consolidated our primary corporate data and computer operations into two geographically proximate
facilities. This concentration, however, exposes us to a greater risk of disruption to our internal information

technology systems. If operations at either or both of these centers were disrupted, it would likely cause a material disruption in our business. 

Technology innovations in the markets that we serve may create alternatives to our products and result in reduced sales. 

Our customers constantly attempt to reduce their manufacturing costs and to improve product quality. Technology innovations to which our current and potential
customers would have access could reduce or eliminate their need for our membrane or chromatography products. For example, if a new membrane or chromatography technology of one of our competitors is accepted by the pharmaceutical or biotechnology
industry as a market standard, sales of our membrane or chromatography products would be negatively impacted. In addition, a disruptive technology that reduces or eliminates the use of our core technologies would negatively impact the sale of our
products. As an example, animal–free serum products are generally favored over bovine serum. We may be unable to respond on a timely basis to the changing needs of our customer base and the new technologies we design for our customers may prove
to be ineffective. Our failure to develop and to introduce or to enhance products able to compete with such new technologies in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We
may be unable to respond on a timely basis to the changing needs of our customer base and the new technologies we design for our customers may prove to be ineffective. 

We may be unable to realize our growth strategy if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities in the future. 

As part of our business strategy, we expect to continue to grow our business through acquisitions of technologies or companies. We may not identify or complete complementary acquisitions in a timely manner, on a
cost-effective basis, or at all.

26      

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

Table of Contents

PART I 

In addition, we compete with other companies, including large, well funded competitors, to acquire suitable targets, and may not be able to acquire certain targets that we seek. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to execute this component of our growth strategy, which may harm our business and hinder our future growth. 

To achieve
desired growth rates as we become larger, we may seek larger or public companies as potential acquisition candidates. The acquisition of a public company may involve additional risks, including the potential for lack of recourse against public
shareholders for undisclosed material liabilities of the acquired business. 

Our continued growth is dependent on our development and
successful commercialization of new products. 

Our future success will depend in part on timely development and introduction of new products that address
changing market requirements. We believe that successful new product introductions provide a significant competitive advantage because customers make an investment of time in selecting and learning to use a new product. Customers are reluctant to
switch to a competing product after making their initial selection. To the extent that we fail to introduce new and innovative products, we may lose market share to our competitors, which will be difficult or impossible to regain. An inability, for
technological or other reasons, to successfully develop and introduce new products could reduce our growth rate or otherwise damage our business. In the past, we have experienced, and are likely to experience in the future, delays in the development
and introduction of products. We cannot assure that we will keep pace with the rapid rate of change in life science research, or that our new products will adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. 

 If we fail to attract, hire, develop and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to design,
manufacture, market or sell our products or successfully grow our business. 

As part of our global supply chain initiative to improve customer service
and to amplify our product expertise, we have concentrated our facilities in fewer geographical areas in which there is high demand for qualified staff. Competition for individuals with skills including sales, marketing, research, product
development, engineering and others is strong and we may not be able to secure the personnel we need. The loss of the services of any key personnel, or our inability to hire new personnel with the requisite skills, could restrict our ability to
develop new products and services or enhance existing products and services in a timely manner, sell products to our customers, or manage our business effectively. 

Our level of indebtedness may harm our business and prevent our achievement of anticipated growth. 

As
of December 31, 2009, our total long term debt was $890.2 million. Our level of indebtedness could have important consequences because: 

n

 a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may not be available for operations, working
capital, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes; 

n

 it may impair our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing in the future; 

n

 it may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; and 

n

 it may make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general. 

Our operations may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt. If we fail to make a payment on any of our debt obligations or comply with financial
covenants in our debt agreements, we could be in default on such debts, and this default could cause us to be in default on our other outstanding indebtedness.

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

      27

Table of Contents

PART I 

In each case of default, we may be required to repay all of our outstanding indebtedness or renegotiate the terms of our indebtedness on unfavorable terms. 

Sales of several of our products are dependent on a small number of customers, the loss of which may harm our business and result in a reduction in
revenues and earnings. 

No single customer represents more than 10 percent of our annual sales. However, sales of some of our products are dependent on a
limited number of customers, who account for a significant portion of such sales. Continuing consolidation in the biopharmaceutical industry will likely concentrate our customer base further. Some of these products are in areas in which we plan to
grow substantially. The loss of such key customers for such products, or a significant reduction in sales to those customers, could significantly reduce our revenues in these products and adversely affect our future growth in such markets.

We may become involved in disputes regarding our patents and other intellectual property rights, which could result in prohibition on
the use of certain technology in current or planned products, exposure of the business to significant liability and diversion of management’s focus. 

We and our major competitors spend substantial time and resources developing and patenting new and improved products and technologies. Many of our products are based on complex, rapidly developing technologies. Although we try to identify
all relevant third party patents and intellectual property rights, these products could be developed by the business without knowledge of published or unpublished patent applications that cover or use some aspect of these technologies. We also
license products and technologies developed by other biotechnology companies or academic research laboratories for further resale. We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties alleging that we are infringing their intellectual
property rights. These lawsuits are expensive, take significant time, and divert management’s focus from other business concerns.

If we are found to be infringing the intellectual property of others, we could be required to stop the infringing activity, or we may be required to design around or license the intellectual
property in question. If we are unable to obtain a required license on acceptable terms, or are unable to design around any third party patent, we may be unable to sell some of our products and services, which could result in reduced revenue. In
addition, if we do not prevail, a court may find damages or award other remedies in favor of the opposing party in any of these suits, which may adversely affect our earnings. 

Concerns about products that are derived from animal materials, such as bovine serum, will further reduce the demand for our animal-based cell culture products. 

The demand for several of our cell culture products will continue to decline due to concerns about the use of animal-based materials in the process by which they are
manufactured. The concern arises from the risk that animal contaminants might be present in the raw materials used in the production process and that such contaminants might be introduced into a therapeutic substance manufactured by one of our
customers. For example, the regulatory authorities of certain countries, including Japan, have refused to approve pharmaceuticals that are manufactured using a product that was derived from bovine serum or that was manufactured by a process that
uses bovine material. The regulatory authorities of other countries could adopt similar restrictions. 

Our operations must comply with
environmental statutes and regulations, and any failure to comply could result in extensive costs which would harm our business. 

The manufacture of some
of our products involves the use, transportation, storage and disposal of hazardous, radioactive or toxic materials and is subject to various environmental protection and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which
we operate.

28      

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

Table of Contents

PART I 

This has exposed us in the past, and could expose us in the future, to risks of accidental contamination and events of non-compliance with environmental laws. Any such occurrences could result in
regulatory enforcement or personal injury and property damage claims or could lead to a shutdown of some of our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We currently incur costs to comply with
environmental laws and regulations and these costs may become more significant. 

The environmental laws of many jurisdictions impose actual and potential
obligations on us to remediate contaminated sites. These obligations may relate to sites: 

n

 that we currently own or operate; 

n

 that we formerly owned or operated; or 

n

 where waste from our operations was disposed. 

These environmental remediation obligations could reduce our operating results. In particular, our accruals for these obligations may be insufficient if the assumptions underlying the accruals prove incorrect or if we are held responsible
for additional, currently undiscovered contamination. 

A substantial fine or penalty, the payment of significant environmental remediation costs or the
loss of a permit or other authorization to operate or engage in our ordinary course of business could result in material, unanticipated expenses and the possible inability to satisfy customer demand. 

Our sales may be negatively affected by the implementation of second source programs by our customers. 

For many customers, we are the single source supplier for one or more critical components used in their production lines. We are aware of customers that have begun to
implement second sourcing programs to reduce the potential risk of disruptions to their production due to a supply bottleneck. These can include diversifying purchases of one component among vendors or spreading the sources of components of a
process, such as purification, among different suppliers. If, as a result of these second sourcing

programs, existing customers were to choose another company to supply components that we currently supply, or if we lose future business opportunities for which we would otherwise be qualified,
our future revenues may be harmed. 

Our use of third party manufacturers exposes us to increased risks that may affect our ability to
supply our customers. 

As part of our efforts to consolidate our manufacturing operations and reduce cost, we have increased the outsourcing of certain
manufacturing operations. In addition, we often source products resulting from collaborative development relationships from such development partners. Our increased dependence on third party contract manufacturers exposes us to increased risks
associated with delivery schedules, manufacturing capability, quality control, quality assurance, and costs. If any of our third party manufacturers experiences delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems in its
manufacturing operations or becomes insolvent, then product shipments to our customers could be delayed, which would decrease our revenues and harm our competitive position and reputation. 

Because we compete directly with one of our significant distributors, our results of operations could be adversely affected if such party discontinues
or materially changes the terms of the agreement. 

One of our competitors also serves as a significant distributor. If this distributor discontinued
selling our products or materially changed the terms, our sales and earnings could be adversely affected in the short term. 

Violation
of government regulations or voluntary quality programs could result in loss of sales and customers and additional expense to attain compliance. 

Several
of our facilities are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and similar governmental bodies in other countries.

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

      29

Table of Contents

PART I 

These facilities are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and other similar governmental bodies to ensure their compliance with applicable laws and regulations. New facilities, products and
operating procedures also may require approval by the FDA and/or similar governmental bodies in other countries. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could lead to sanctions by the governmental bodies, such as written observations
of deficiencies made following inspections, warning letters, product recalls, fines, product seizures and consent decrees, which would be made available to the public. Such actions and publicity could affect our ability to sell products and to
provide our services. 

Several of our operations are also subject to U.S. Department of Agriculture regulations and various foreign regulations for the
sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of animal based proteins. Our failure to comply with these requirements could negatively impact our business and potentially cause the loss of customers and sales. ISO 9001:2000 quality standards are an
internationally recognized set of voluntary quality standards that require compliance with a variety of quality requirements somewhat similar to the requirements of the FDA’s Quality System Regulations, which were formerly known as Good
Manufacturing Practices or GMP. Some of our facilities are registered under the ISO standards. Failure to comply with this voluntary standard can lead to observations of non-compliance or even suspension of ISO certification by the certifying unit.
Loss of ISO certification could cause some customers to purchase products from other suppliers. 

We are subject to economic,
governmental, political, legal and other risks associated with our significant international sales and operations, which could adversely affect our business. 

We conduct operations throughout the world through a variety of subsidiaries and distributors. Sales outside the 

United States were
approximately 66 percent and 67 percent of total sales in 2009 and 2008, respectively. A significant portion of our 2009 revenues is generated in Europe and Asia/Pacific, approximately 40 percent and 20 percent, respectively. We anticipate that
revenue from

international operations will continue to represent a significant portion of our revenues. In addition, two of our primary manufacturing facilities, Molsheim, France and Cork, Ireland, and many
of our employees and suppliers, are located outside the United States. Our sales and earnings could be adversely affected from our international operations, including: 

n

 changes in the political or economic conditions in a country or region, particularly in developing or emerging markets; 

n

 trade protection measures or our failure to comply with applicable import or export licensing requirements; 

n

 our failure or the failure of our commercial partners to comply with U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations or with applicable local laws, including import
and export laws and regulations; 

n

 differing tax laws and changes in those laws; 

n

 difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; and 

n

 differing regulatory requirements and changes in those requirements. 

Foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our reported earnings, the value of our assets and the cash outflow for our debt repayment. 

We prepare our consolidated financial statements in U.S. dollars, but a significant portion of our earnings and expenditures are in other currencies. In 2009, we
derived about 66 percent of our revenues from customers outside the United States. Our sales made in countries other than the United States are typically made in the local currencies of those countries. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates
have caused and will continue to cause foreign currency gains and losses. Fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies may also affect the book value of our assets outside the United States. We have a significant
amount of our debt denominated in Euro. A significant appreciation of the Euro with respect to the U.S. dollar could expose us to additional interest and principle payments.

30      

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

Table of Contents

PART I 

Due to the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effects of exchange rate
fluctuations on future operating results. We seek to mitigate our currency exposure by coordinating our worldwide supply sourcing, actively managing cross-border currency flows, and engaging in foreign exchange hedging transactions. Despite these
steps, there can be no assurance that our foreign currency management strategy will adequately protect our operating results from the effects of future exchange rate fluctuations. 

Our revenues may fluctuate, and this fluctuation could cause financial results to be below expectations. 

Fluctuations in our operating results from period to period may occur for a number of reasons. In planning our operating expenses for the foreseeable future, we assume that revenues will continue to grow. Generally operating expenses cannot
be adjusted quickly in the short term because we have significant fixed costs. If our revenues decline or do not grow as anticipated, we may not be able to reduce our operating expenses accordingly. Failure to achieve anticipated levels of revenue
could therefore significantly harm our operating results for a particular period. 

A revenue shortfall could arise from any number of factors, some of
which we cannot control. For example, factors that may cause our results to vary by period include: 

the volume and timing of orders from customers for our products and services 

the level and timing of our customers’ research and commercialization efforts 

changes in the mix of our products and services 

the number, timing, and significance of new products and services introduced by our customers 

our ability to develop, market and introduce new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis 

changes in the cost, quality and availability of materials and components required to manufacture or use our products 

the timing and costs of any acquisitions of businesses or technologies 

the introduction of new products by us or our competitors 

exchange rate fluctuations 

general economic conditions. 

Increased exposure to
product liability claims could adversely affect our earnings. 

Product liability is a major risk in testing and marketing biotechnology and
pharmaceutical products offered by our customers. Currently these risks are primarily borne by our customers. As our products and services are further integrated into our customers’ production processes, we may become increasingly exposed to
product liability and other claims in the event that the use of our products or services is alleged to have resulted in adverse effects. There can be no assurance that a future product liability claim or series of claims brought against us would not
have an adverse effect on our business or the results of operations. Our business may be materially and adversely affected by a successful product liability claim or claims in excess of any insurance coverage that we may have. In addition, product
liability claims, regardless of their merits, could be costly and divert management’s attention, and adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our products. 

The stated value of long-lived and intangible assets, including goodwill, may become impaired and result in an impairment charge. 

As of December 31, 2009, we had $1,951.0 million of long-lived and intangible assets, including goodwill. We continue to invest in the construction and upgrading of our manufacturing and research facilities,
which may have the effect of increasing the recorded value of our long-lived assets. If we are successful in acquiring additional complementary businesses and technologies, a substantial portion of the value of these may be recorded as goodwill, an
intangible asset.

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

      31

Table of Contents

PART I 

The carrying amounts of long-lived and intangible assets may be affected whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of any asset may not be recoverable. Such
events or changes might include, but are not limited to, the following: significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results, significant negative industry or economic trends, or significant changes or
developments in strategy or operations that negatively affect the utilization of our long-lived assets. Adverse events or changes in circumstances may affect the estimated undiscounted future operating cash flows expected to be derived from
long-lived and intangible assets. If at any time we determine that an impairment has occurred, we will be required to recognize an impairment charge, resulting in a reduction in earnings in the quarter such impairment is identified and a
corresponding reduction to our assets. The potential recognition of impairment in the carrying value, if any, could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We may require substantial additional capital to pursue strategic acquisitions or alliances, which capital we may not be able to obtain on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

We anticipate that our currently planned capital requirements will be satisfied by the future operating cash flows, current cash balances, borrowings under our
revolver, or

other existing financing sources. To the extent that we desire to pursue a strategic acquisition or alliance requiring substantial cash expenditures for which our existing resources and credit
facilities are insufficient, we may need to raise funds through public or private debt or equity financings. There is no assurance that such additional funds will be available or, if available, that we can obtain such funds on terms acceptable to
us. If adequate funds are not available, we may have to forgo desired acquisitions or alliances. 

Future issuances of common stock may
depress the trading price of our common stock and our convertible notes. 

Any issuance of equity securities, including the issuance of shares upon
conversion of our convertible notes, could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders, including holders who have received shares upon conversion of their notes, and could substantially decrease the trading price of our common stock and our
convertible notes. We may issue equity securities in the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy (including in connection with acquisitions, strategic collaborations or other transactions), to adjust
our ratio of debt to equity, to satisfy our obligations upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or options or for other reasons. 

32      

MILLIPORE FORM 10-K 2009

Table of Contents

PART I