.

The most significant risk factors applicable to the Company are as
follows:

•

Results are impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic
conditions

. The Company operates in more than 60 countries and
derives approximately 60% of its revenues from outside the United States. The
Company’s business may be affected by factors in the United States and other
countries that are beyond its control, such as downturns in economic activity
in a specific country or region, or in the various industries in which the
Company operates; social, political or labor conditions in a specific country
or region; or potential adverse changes in tax in the jurisdictions in which
the Company operates.

•

 The
Company’s results are affected by competitive conditions and customer
preferences

.  Demand for
the Company’s products, which impacts revenue and profit margins, is affected
by (i) the development and timing of introduction of competitive products; (ii)
the Company’s response to downward pricing to stay competitive; (iii) changes
in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory
maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases which may be
affected by announced price changes, changes in the Company’s incentive
programs, or the customer’s ability to achieve incentive goals ; and (iv)
changes in customers’ preferences for our products, including changes in
customer designs for their products that can affect the demand for some of the
Company’s products.

•

Foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may affect the
Company’s ability to realize projected growth rates in its sales and earnings.

 Because the
Company derives approximately 60% of its revenues from outside the United
States, its ability to realize projected growth rates in sales and earnings
could be adversely affected if the U.S. dollar strengthens significantly
against foreign currencies.

•

 The
Company’s growth objectives are largely dependent on the timing and market
acceptance of its new product offerings, including

 its ability to renew its pipeline of new products and
to bring those products to market.
 This ability may be adversely
affected by difficulties or delays in product development, such as the
inability to: identify viable new products; obtain adequate intellectual
property protection; gain market acceptance of new products; or successfully
complete clinical trials and obtain regulatory approvals. For example, new 3M
pharmaceutical products, like any pharmaceutical under development, face
substantial risks and uncertainties in the process of development and
regulatory review. There are no guarantees that new products will prove to be
commercially successful.

•

 The
Company’s future results are subject to fluctuations in the costs and
availability of purchased components, compounds, raw materials

and energy,

 including oil
and natural gas and their derivatives, 

due to
shortages, increased demand, supply interruptions, currency exchange risks,
natural disasters and other factors
. The Company depends on various
components, compounds, raw materials, and energy (including oil and natural gas
and their derivatives) supplied by others for the manufacturing of its products
and it is possible that any of its supplier relationships could be interrupted
due to natural and other disasters and other events or terminated in the
future. Any sustained interruption in the Company’s receipt of adequate
supplies could have a material adverse effect on the Company. In addition,
while the Company has a process to minimize volatility in component and
material pricing, no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to
successfully manage price fluctuations or that future price fluctuations or
shortages will not have a material adverse effect on the Company.

•

Acquisitions,
strategic alliances, divestitures, and other unusual events resulting from
portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies, and
possible organizational restructuring could affect future results

. The Company
monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and has made and
may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and
changes to its organizational structure. With respect to acquisitions, future
results will be affected by the Company’s ability to quickly integrate an
acquired business and obtain the anticipated synergies.

•
 The Company’s future results may be affected if the
Company generates less productivity improvements than estimated
. The
Company utilizes various tools, such as Six Sigma, to improve operational
efficiency and productivity. There can be no assurance that all of the
estimated productivity improvements will be realized.

•
 The Company’s future results may be affected by
various legal and regulatory proceedings, including those involving product
liability, antitrust, environmental or other matters.
 The outcome of
these legal proceedings may differ from the Company’s expectations because the
outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to
reliably predict. Various factors or developments can lead the Company to
change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where
applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not

9

susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial
ruling or judgment, significant settlement, significant regulatory development
or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement or
unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations or cash flows in
any particular period. A specific factor that could increase the Company’s
estimate of its future asbestos-related liabilities is the pending Congressional
consideration of legislation to reform asbestos-related litigation and
pertinent information derived from that process. For a more detailed discussion
of the legal proceedings involving the Company and associated accounting
estimates, see the discussion in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.