The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our operating results, our financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report.

We* may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking
statements, including statements contained in filings with the SEC, in reports to stockholders and in press releases and investor 

*

This section uses the terms “we,” “our” and “us” when it is not necessary to distinguish among Altria Group, Inc. and its various operating subsidiaries or when
any distinction is clear from the context. 

-10- 

Table of Contents

webcasts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words such as “strategy,” “expects,” “continues,”
“plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “will,” “estimates,” “intends,” “projects,” “goals,” “targets” and other words of similar meaning. You can also identify
them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. 

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions.
Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. Investors should bear this in mind as they consider
forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in Altria Group, Inc.’s securities. In connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are identifying
important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following
cautionary statements. We elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in the “Business Environment” sections preceding our discussion of operating results of our subsidiaries’ businesses in
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the 2008 Annual Report. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. Consequently, you should not
consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time. 

Tobacco-Related Litigation. Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened in various United
States and foreign jurisdictions against Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries including PM USA and UST, as well as their respective indemnitees. Various types of claims are raised in these proceedings, including product liability, consumer
protection, antitrust, tax, contraband shipments, patent infringement, employment matters, claims for contribution and claims of competitors and distributors. 

Litigation is subject to uncertainty and it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending cases. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of
pending tobacco-related litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. Damages claimed in some tobacco-related litigation are significant and, in certain cases, range in the billions of dollars. The variability in pleadings,
together with the actual experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrate that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome. 

Although PM USA has historically been able to obtain required bonds or relief from
bonding requirements in order to prevent plaintiffs from seeking to collect judgments while adverse verdicts have been appealed, there remains a risk that such relief may not be obtainable in all cases. This risk has been substantially reduced given
that 43 states now limit the dollar amount of bonds or require no bond at all. 

It is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of Altria Group, Inc., or one or more of its subsidiaries, could be materially affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an
unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. Nevertheless, although litigation is subject to uncertainty, management believes the litigation environment has substantially improved. Altria Group, Inc. and each of its subsidiaries
named as a defendant believe, and each has been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that it has valid defenses to the litigation pending against it, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts. All such cases are, and will
continue to be, vigorously defended. However, Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if they believe it is in the best interests of Altria Group, Inc. to do so. Please see Note 20.
Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements, Item 3. 
Legal Proceedings, and Exhibit 99.1 for a discussion of pending tobacco-related litigation. 

-11- 

Table of Contents

Tobacco Control Action in the Public and Private Sectors. Our tobacco subsidiaries face significant
governmental action, including efforts aimed at reducing the incidence of smoking, restricting marketing and advertising, imposing regulations on packaging, warnings and disclosure of ingredients and flavors, prohibiting the sale of tobacco products
with certain characterizing flavors or other characteristics, the sale of tobacco products by certain retail establishments and the sale of tobacco products in certain packing sizes, and seeking to hold them responsible for the adverse health
effects associated with both smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke. Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volume, and
we expect that such actions will continue to reduce consumption levels. 

Excise Taxes. Tobacco products are subject to substantial excise taxes and significant increases in tobacco product-related taxes or fees have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted within the
United States at the state, federal and local levels. Tax increases are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on sales of our tobacco products due to lower consumption levels and to a shift in consumer purchases from the premium to the
non-premium or discount segments or to other low-priced or low-taxed tobacco products or to counterfeit and contraband products. For further discussion, see
 Tobacco Business Environment—Excise Taxes in “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the 2008 Annual Report. 

Increased Competition in the United States Tobacco Categories. Each of Altria Group, Inc.’s tobacco subsidiaries operates in highly competitive tobacco categories. Settlements of certain tobacco litigation in the
United States have resulted in substantial cigarette price increases. PM USA faces competition from lowest priced brands sold by certain United States and foreign manufacturers that have cost advantages because they are not parties to these
settlements. These manufacturers may fail to comply with related state escrow legislation or may avoid escrow deposit obligations on the majority of their sales by concentrating on certain states where escrow deposits are not required or are
required on fewer than all such manufacturers’ cigarettes sold in such states. Additional competition has resulted from diversion into the United States market of cigarettes intended for sale outside the United States, the sale of counterfeit
cigarettes by third parties, the sale of cigarettes by third parties over the Internet and by other means designed to avoid collection of applicable taxes, and increased imports of foreign lowest priced brands. USSTC faces significant competition in
the moist smokeless tobacco category, both from existing competitors and new entrants, and has experienced consumer down trading to lower-priced brands. 

Governmental Investigations. From time to time, Altria Group, Inc. and its tobacco subsidiaries are subject to governmental investigations on a range of
matters. We cannot predict the outcome of those investigations or whether investigations may be commenced, and it is possible that our tobacco subsidiaries’ businesses could be materially affected by an unfavorable outcome of future
investigations. 

New Tobacco Product Technologies. Altria Group,
Inc.’s subsidiaries continue to seek ways to develop and to commercialize new tobacco product technologies that may reduce the health risks associated with the tobacco products they manufacture, while continuing to offer adult consumers tobacco
products that meet their taste expectations. Potential solutions being researched include tobacco products that reduce or eliminate exposure to cigarette smoke, and/or those constituents identified by public health authorities as harmful. Our
subsidiaries may not succeed in these efforts. If they do not succeed, but one or more of their competitors does, our subsidiaries may be at a competitive disadvantage. Further, we cannot predict whether regulators will permit the marketing of
tobacco products with claims of reduced risk to consumers or whether consumers’ purchase decisions would be affected by such claims, which could affect the commercial viability of any tobacco products that might be developed. 

-12- 

Table of Contents

Adjacency Strategy. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries have adjacency growth strategies involving moves
and potential moves into complementary products or processes. We cannot guarantee that these strategies, or any products introduced in connection with these strategies, will be successful. 

Tobacco Price, Availability and Quality. Any significant change in tobacco leaf
prices, quality or availability could affect our tobacco subsidiaries’ profitability and business. For a discussion of factors that influence leaf prices, availability and quality, see
 Tobacco Business Environment—Tobacco Price,
Availability and Quality in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the 2008 Annual Report. 

Attracting and Retaining Talent. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be
impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage. The tobacco industry competes for talent with the consumer products industry and other companies that enjoy greater societal acceptance. As a result, our tobacco subsidiaries
may be unable to attract and retain the best talent. 

Competition and
Economic Downturns. Each of our consumer product subsidiaries is subject to intense competition, changes in consumer preferences and changes in economic conditions. To be successful, they must continue to: 

•

 promote brand equity successfully; 

•

 anticipate and respond to new consumer trends; 

•

 develop new products and markets and to broaden brand portfolios in order to compete effectively with lower priced products; 

•

 improve productivity; and 

•

 protect or enhance margins through cost savings and price increases. 

The willingness of consumers to purchase premium consumer product brands depends in part on economic conditions. In periods of
economic uncertainty, consumers may purchase more private label and other discount brands and/or, in the case of tobacco products, consider lower price tobacco products. The volumes of our consumer products subsidiaries could suffer accordingly.

Our finance subsidiary, PMCC, holds investments in finance leases,
principally in transportation (including aircraft), power generation and manufacturing equipment and facilities. Its lessees are also subject to intense competition and economic conditions. If parties to PMCC’s leases fail to manage through
difficult economic and competitive conditions, PMCC may have to increase its allowance for losses, which would adversely affect our earnings. 

Acquisitions. Altria Group, Inc. from time to time considers acquisitions as part of its adjacency strategy. From time to time we may engage in confidential
acquisition negotiations that are not publicly announced unless and until those negotiations result in a definitive agreement. Although we seek to maintain or improve our debt ratings over time, it is possible that completing a given acquisition or
other event could impact our debt ratings or the outlook for those ratings. Furthermore, acquisition opportunities are limited, and acquisitions present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and
anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to acquire attractive businesses on favorable terms, that we will realize any of the anticipated benefits from an acquisition or that
acquisitions will be quickly accretive to earnings. 

UST
Acquisition. There can be no assurance that we will achieve the synergies expected of the UST acquisition or that the integration of UST will be successful. 

-13- 

Table of Contents

Capital Markets. Access to the capital markets is important for us to satisfy our liquidity and financing
needs. Disruption and uncertainty in the capital markets and any resulting tightening of credit availability, pricing and/or credit terms may increase our costs and adversely affect our earnings or our dividend rate. 

Asset Impairment. We periodically calculate the fair value of our goodwill and
intangible assets to test for impairment. This calculation may be affected by the market conditions noted above, as well as interest rates and general economic conditions. If an impairment is determined to exist, we will incur impairment losses,
which will reduce our earnings. 

IRS Challenges to PMCC Leases.
The Internal Revenue Service has challenged the tax treatment of certain of PMCC’s leveraged leases. Should Altria Group, Inc. not prevail in this litigation, Altria Group, Inc. may have to accelerate the payment of significant amounts of
federal income tax and significantly lower its earnings to reflect the recalculation of the income from the affected leveraged leases, which could have a material effect on the earnings and cash flows of Altria Group, Inc. in a particular fiscal
quarter or fiscal year. For further discussion see Note 20. 
Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements and Item 3. 
Legal Proceedings. 

Wine—Competition; Grape Supply; Regulation and Excise Taxes. As previously noted, Ste. Michelle’s business
is subject to significant competition, including from many large, well-established national and international organizations. The adequacy of Ste. Michelle’s grape supply is influenced by consumer demand for wine in relation to
industry-wide production levels as well as by weather and crop conditions, particularly in eastern Washington state. Supply shortages related to any one or more of these factors could increase production costs and wine prices, which ultimately
may have a negative impact on Ste. Michelle’s sales. In addition, federal, state and local governmental agencies regulate the alcohol beverage industry through various means, including licensing requirements, pricing, labeling and
advertising restrictions, and distribution and production policies. New regulations or revisions to existing regulations, resulting in further restrictions or taxes on the manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages, may have an adverse effect
on Ste. Michelle’s wine business.