.

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our
business, our operating results, our financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report. 

We

** may from time to
time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in filings with the SEC, in reports to stockholders and in press releases and investor webcasts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words
such as “strategy,” “expects,” “continues,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “will,” “estimates,” “intends,” “projects,” “goals,”
“targets” and other words of similar meaning. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. 

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of
future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated,
estimated or projected. Investors should bear this in mind as they consider forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in Altria Group, Inc.’s securities. In connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are identifying important risk factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. We elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in the “Business Environment” sections
preceding our discussion of operating results of our subsidiaries’ businesses. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete
discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time. 

**

This section uses the terms “we,” “our” and “us” when it is not necessary to distinguish among ALG and its various operating subsidiaries or when any distinction
is clear from the context. 

-14- 

Table of Contents

Tobacco-Related Litigation.  There is substantial litigation related to tobacco products in the
United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. We anticipate that new cases will continue to be filed. Damages claimed in some of the tobacco-related litigation range into the billions of dollars. There are presently 12 cases on appeal in which
verdicts were returned against PM USA, including: (i) a $74 billion punitive damages judgment against PM USA in the 
Engle class action, which has been overturned by a Florida district court of appeal and is currently on appeal to the Florida
Supreme Court; and (ii) a compensatory and punitive damages verdict totaling approximately $10.1 billion in the
 Price case in Illinois, which was reversed by the Illinois Supreme Court in December 2005. Generally, in order to prevent a
plaintiff from seeking to collect a judgment while the verdict is being appealed, the defendant must post an appeal bond or negotiate an alternative arrangement with plaintiffs. In the event of future losses at trial, we may not always be able to
obtain the required bond or to negotiate an acceptable alternative arrangement. 

The present litigation environment is substantially uncertain, and it is possible that our business, volume, results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially affected by an unfavorable outcome of pending
litigation, including certain of the verdicts against us that are on appeal. We intend to continue vigorously defending all tobacco-related litigation, although we may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if we believe it is in the
best interest of our stockholders to do so. The entire litigation environment may not improve sufficiently to enable the Board of Directors to implement any contemplated restructuring alternatives. Please see Note 19 for a discussion of pending
tobacco-related litigation. 

Anti-Tobacco Action in the Public and
Private Sectors.  Our tobacco subsidiaries face significant governmental action aimed at reducing the incidence of smoking and seeking to hold us responsible for the adverse health effects associated with both smoking and exposure to
environmental tobacco smoke. Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volume, and we expect this decline to continue. 

Excise Taxes.  Cigarettes are subject to substantial excise taxes in
the United States and to substantial taxation abroad. Significant increases in cigarette-related taxes and fees have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted within the United States, the EU and in other foreign
jurisdictions. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, PMI’s products are subject to discriminatory tax structures and inconsistent rulings and interpretations on complex methodologies to determine excise and other tax burdens. 

Tax increases are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on sales of cigarettes
by our tobacco subsidiaries, due to lower consumption levels and to a shift in consumer purchases from the premium to the non-premium or discount segments or to other low-priced or low-taxed tobacco products or to counterfeit or contraband products.

Increased Competition in the Domestic Tobacco
Market.  Settlements of certain tobacco litigation in the United States have resulted in substantial cigarette price increases. PM USA faces competition from lowest priced brands sold by certain domestic and foreign manufacturers that
have cost advantages because they are not parties to these settlements. These manufacturers may fail to comply with related state escrow legislation or may take advantage of certain provisions in the legislation that permit the non-settling
manufacturers to concentrate their sales in a limited number of states and thereby avoid escrow deposit obligations on the majority of their sales. Additional competition has resulted from diversion into the United States market of cigarettes
intended for sale outside the United States, the sale of counterfeit cigarettes by third parties, the sale of cigarettes by third parties over the Internet and by other means designed to avoid collection of applicable taxes and increased imports of
foreign lowest priced brands. 

Governmental
Investigations.  From time to time, ALG and its tobacco subsidiaries are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters. Ongoing investigations include allegations of contraband shipments of cigarettes and allegations of
unlawful pricing activities within certain 

-15- 

Table of Contents

international markets. We cannot predict the outcome of those investigations or whether additional investigations may be commenced, and it is possible that our
business could be materially affected by an unfavorable outcome of pending or future investigations. 

New Tobacco Product Technologies.  Our tobacco subsidiaries continue to seek ways to develop and to commercialize new product technologies that
have the objective of reducing constituents in tobacco smoke identified by public health authorities as harmful while continuing to offer adult smokers products that meet their taste expectations. We cannot guarantee that our tobacco subsidiaries
will succeed in these efforts. If they do not succeed, but one or more of their competitors do, our tobacco subsidiaries may be at a competitive disadvantage. 

Foreign Currency.  Our international food and tobacco subsidiaries conduct their businesses in local currency and, for purposes of financial
reporting, their results are translated into U.S. dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during a reporting period. During times of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported net revenues and operating income will be reduced
because the local currency will translate into fewer U.S. dollars. 

Competition and Economic Downturns.  Each of our consumer products subsidiaries is subject to intense competition, changes in consumer preferences and local economic conditions. To be successful, they must continue to:

•

promote brand equity successfully; 

•

anticipate and respond to new consumer trends; 

•

develop new products and markets and broaden brand portfolios in order to compete effectively with lower priced products; 

•

improve productivity; and 

•

respond effectively to changing prices for their raw materials. 

The willingness of consumers to purchase premium cigarette brands and premium food and beverage brands depends in part on local economic conditions. In periods of
economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more private label and other economy brands, and the volume of our consumer products subsidiaries could suffer accordingly. 

Our finance subsidiary, PMCC, holds investments in finance leases, principally in transportation (including aircraft), power
generation and manufacturing equipment and facilities. Its lessees are also subject to intense competition and economic conditions. If counterparties to PMCC’s leases fail to manage through difficult economic and competitive conditions, PMCC
may have to increase its allowance for losses, which would adversely affect our profitability. 

Grocery Trade Consolidation.  As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and retailers grow larger and become more sophisticated, they demand lower pricing and increased promotional programs. Further,
these customers are reducing their inventories and increasing their emphasis on private label products. If Kraft fails to use its scale, marketing expertise, branded products and category leadership positions to respond to these trends, its volume
growth could slow or it may need to lower prices or increase promotional support of its products, any of which would adversely affect our profitability. 

Continued Need to Add Food and Beverage Products in Faster Growing and More Profitable Categories.  The food and beverage industry’s growth
potential is constrained by population growth. Kraft’s success depends in part on its ability to grow its business faster than populations are growing in the markets that it serves. One way to achieve that growth is to enhance its portfolio by
adding 

-16- 

Table of Contents

products that are in faster growing and more profitable categories. If Kraft does not succeed in making these enhancements, its volume growth may slow, which would
adversely affect our profitability. 

Strengthening Brand Portfolios
Through Acquisitions and Divestitures.  One element of the growth strategy of our consumer product subsidiaries is to strengthen their brand portfolios through active programs of selective acquisitions and divestitures. These
subsidiaries are constantly investigating potential acquisition candidates and from time to time Kraft sells businesses that are outside its core categories or that do not meet its growth or profitability targets. Acquisition opportunities are
limited, and acquisitions present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to acquire
attractive businesses on favorable terms or that all future acquisitions will be quickly accretive to earnings. 

Food Raw Material Prices.  The raw materials used by our food businesses are largely commodities that experience price volatility caused by
external conditions, commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations and changes in governmental agricultural programs. Commodity price changes may result in unexpected increases in raw material and packaging costs (which are significantly
affected by oil costs), and our operating subsidiaries may be unable to increase their prices to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume, net revenues and operating companies income. We do not fully hedge against changes in
commodity prices and our hedging strategies may not work as planned. 

Food Safety, Quality and Health Concerns.  We could be adversely affected if consumers in Kraft’s principal markets lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products. Adverse publicity about these
types of concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage consumers from buying Kraft’s products or cause production and delivery disruptions. Recent publicity concerning the health implications of obesity and trans-fatty acids could also reduce
consumption of certain of Kraft’s products. In addition, Kraft may need to recall some of its products if they become adulterated or misbranded. Kraft may also be liable if the consumption of any of its products causes injury. A widespread
product recall or a significant product liability judgment could cause products to be unavailable for a period of time and a loss of consumer confidence in Kraft’s food products and could have a material adverse effect on Kraft’s business
and results. 

Limited Access to Commercial Paper
Market.  As a result of actions by credit rating agencies during 2003, ALG currently has limited access to the commercial paper market, and may have to rely on its revolving credit facilities. 

Asset Impairment.  We periodically calculate the fair value of our
goodwill and intangible assets to test for impairment. This calculation may be affected by the market conditions noted above, as well as interest rates and general economic conditions. If an impairment is determined to exist, we will incur
impairment losses, which will reduce our earnings. 

IRS Challenges to
PMCC Leases.  The IRS is examining the consolidated tax returns for Altria Group, Inc., which includes PMCC, for years 1996 through 1999. Recently, the IRS has proposed to disallow certain transactions, and may in the future challenge
and disallow several more of PMCC’s leveraged leases based on recent Revenue Rulings and a recent IRS Notice addressing specific types of leveraged leases (lease-in/lease-out transactions, qualified technological equipment transactions, and
sale-in/lease-out transactions). PMCC believes that the position and supporting case law described in the Revenue Rulings and the IRS Notice as well as those asserted in the proposed adjustments are incorrectly applied to PMCC’s transactions
and that its leveraged leases are factually and legally distinguishable in material respects from the IRS’s position. PMCC and ALG intend to vigorously defend against any challenges based on that position through administrative appeals and
litigation, if necessary, and ALG believes that, given the strength of PMCC’s position, it should 

-17- 

Table of Contents

ultimately prevail. However, should PMCC’s position not be upheld, PMCC may have to accelerate the payment of significant amounts of federal income tax and lower
its earnings to reflect the recalculation of the income from the affected leveraged leases.