.

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our operating results, our financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report.

We* may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking
statements, including statements contained in filings with the SEC, in reports to stockholders and in press releases and investor webcasts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words such as “strategy,”
“expects,” “continues,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “will,” “estimates,” “intends,” “projects,” “goals,” “targets” and other words
of similar meaning. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. 

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of
future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated,
estimated or projected. Investors should bear this in mind as they consider forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in Altria Group, Inc.’s securities. In connection 

*

This section uses the terms “we,” “our” and “us” when it is not necessary to distinguish among ALG and its various operating subsidiaries or when any distinction
is clear from the context. 

-15- 

Table of Contents

with the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the
aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. We elaborate on these and
other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in the “Business Environment” sections preceding our discussion of operating results of our subsidiaries’ businesses. You should understand that it is not possible to predict
or identify all risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time.

Tobacco-Related Litigation. There is substantial litigation
related to tobacco products in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Damages claimed in some of the tobacco-related litigation are significant, and in certain cases, range into the billions of dollars. We anticipate that new cases
will continue to be filed. It is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending cases. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. Although PM
USA has historically been able to obtain required bonds or relief from bonding requirements in order to prevent plaintiffs from seeking to collect judgments while adverse verdicts have been appealed, there remains a risk that such relief may not be
obtainable in all cases. This risk has been substantially reduced given that 42 states now limit the dollar amount of bonds or require no bond at all. 

It is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of PM USA, PMI or Altria Group, Inc. could be materially affected in a
particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. Nevertheless, although litigation is subject to uncertainty, management believes the litigation environment has substantially improved.
ALG and each of its subsidiaries named as a defendant believe, and each has been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that it has a number of valid defenses to the litigation pending against it, as well as valid bases for appeal of
adverse verdicts against it. All such cases are, and will continue to be, vigorously defended. However, ALG and its subsidiaries may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if they believe it is in the best interests of ALG’s
stockholders to do so. Please see Note 19 of our consolidated financial statements, Item 3. Legal Proceedings, and Exhibit 99.1, for a discussion of pending tobacco-related litigation. 

Corporate Restructuring. On January 30, 2008, the Board of Directors of ALG
authorized the spin-off of PMI to ALG shareholders. The distribution will be made on March 28, 2008 to ALG shareholders of record as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 19, 2008. It is possible that an action may be brought seeking to
enjoin the spin-off. Any such injunction would have to be based on a finding that Altria is insolvent or would be insolvent after giving effect to the spin-off or intends to delay, hinder or defraud creditors. In the event the spin-off is
challenged, ALG will defend such action vigorously, including by prosecuting any necessary appeals. Although litigation is subject to uncertainty, management believes that Altria should ultimately prevail against such action. 

Tobacco Control Action in the Public and Private Sectors. Our tobacco
subsidiaries face significant governmental action, including efforts aimed at reducing the incidence of smoking, restricting marketing and advertising, imposing regulations on warnings and disclosure of ingredients and flavors and seeking to hold us
responsible for the adverse health effects associated with both smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke. Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have
resulted in reduced industry volume, and we expect that such actions will continue to reduce consumption levels. Significant regulatory developments will take place over the next few years in most of PMI’s markets, driven principally by the
World Health Organization’s Framework Convention for Tobacco Control, or FCTC. The FCTC is the first international public health treaty, and its objective is to establish a global agenda 

-16- 

Table of Contents

for tobacco regulation with the purpose of reducing initiation of tobacco use and encouraging cessation. In addition, the FCTC has led to increased efforts by tobacco
control advocates and public health organizations to reduce the palatability and appeal of tobacco products to adult smokers. 

Regulatory initiatives affecting our tobacco subsidiaries that have been proposed, introduced or enacted include: 

•

 the levying of substantial and increasing tax and duty charges; 

•

 restrictions or bans on advertising, marketing and sponsorship; 

•

 the display of larger health warnings, graphic health warnings and other labeling requirements; 

•

 restrictions on packaging design, including the use of colors and generic packaging; 

•

 restrictions or bans on the display of tobacco product packaging at the point of sale, and restrictions or bans on cigarette vending machines; 

•

 requirements regarding testing, disclosure and performance standards for tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide and other smoke constituents levels; 

•

 requirements regarding testing, disclosure and use of tobacco product ingredients and flavors; 

•

 increased restrictions on smoking in public and work places and, in some instances, in private places and outdoors; 

•

 implementation of measures that ensure that descriptive terms do not create the false impression that one brand of cigarettes is safer than another;

•

 elimination of duty free allowances for travelers; and 

•

 encouraging litigation against tobacco companies. 

Partly because of some or a combination of these measures, unit sales of tobacco products in certain markets, principally Western Europe and Japan, have been in
general decline and PMI expects this trend to continue. PMI’s operating income could be significantly affected by any significant decrease in demand for its products, any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory
requirements and requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products. 

Excise Taxes. Tobacco products are subject to substantial excise taxes in the United States and to substantial taxation abroad. Significant increases in tobacco product-related taxes or fees have been proposed or enacted and are
likely to continue to be proposed or enacted within the United States, the Member States of the European Union (the “EU”) and in other foreign jurisdictions. For example, legislation was passed by the United States Congress in 2007 that
would increase the federal excise tax on cigarettes by $0.61 a pack. The President vetoed this legislation. It is not possible to predict whether such legislation will be reintroduced and become law. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, PMI’s
products are subject to tax structures that discriminate against premium priced products and manufactured cigarettes and to inconsistent rulings and interpretations on complex methodologies to determine excise and other tax burdens. 

Tax increases and discriminatory tax structures are expected to continue to have an
adverse impact on sales of our tobacco products due to lower consumption levels and to a shift in consumer purchases from the premium to the non-premium or discount segments or to other low-priced or low-taxed tobacco products or to counterfeit and
contraband products. 

Minimum Retail Selling Price Laws. Several
EU Member States have enacted laws establishing a minimum retail selling price for cigarettes and, in some cases, other tobacco products. The European 

-17- 

Table of Contents

Commission has commenced infringement proceedings against these Member States, claiming that minimum retail selling price systems infringe EU law. If the European
Commission’s actions are successful, they could adversely impact excise tax levels and/or price gaps in those markets. 

Increased Competition in the United States Tobacco Market. Settlements of certain tobacco litigation in the United States have resulted in substantial
cigarette price increases. PM USA faces competition from lowest priced brands sold by certain United States and foreign manufacturers that have cost advantages because they are not parties to these settlements. These manufacturers may fail to comply
with related state escrow legislation or may avoid escrow deposit obligations on the majority of their sales by concentrating on certain states where escrow deposits are not required or are required on fewer than all such manufacturers’
cigarettes sold in such states. Additional competition has resulted from diversion into the United States market of cigarettes intended for sale outside the United States, the sale of counterfeit cigarettes by third parties, the sale of cigarettes
by third parties over the Internet and by other means designed to avoid collection of applicable taxes, and increased imports of foreign lowest priced brands. 

International Competition. PMI competes primarily on the basis of product quality, taste, brand recognition, brand loyalty, service, marketing,
advertising and price. PMI is subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of its business. The competitive environment and PMI’s competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer
confidence, competitors’ introduction of low priced products or innovative products, higher cigarette taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between price categories, and products regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate
tobacco products. Competitors include three large international tobacco companies and several regional and local tobacco companies and, in some instances, government-owned tobacco monopolies, principally in the PRC, Egypt, Thailand, Taiwan and
Algeria. Industry consolidation and privatizations of governmental monopolies have led to an overall increase in competitive pressures. Some competitors have different profit and volume objectives and some international competitors are less
susceptible to changes in currency exchange rates. 

Counterfeit
Cigarettes in International Markets. Large quantities of counterfeit cigarettes are sold in the international market. PMI believes that 
Marlboro is the most heavily counterfeited international cigarette brand, although PMI cannot quantify
the amount of revenue it loses as a result of this activity. In addition, PMI’s revenues are reduced by contraband and legal cross-border transactions. 

Governmental Investigations. From time to time, ALG and its tobacco subsidiaries are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters. Ongoing
investigations include allegations of contraband shipments of cigarettes, allegations of unlawful pricing activities within certain international markets and false or misleading usage of descriptors such as “Lights” and “Ultra
Lights.” We cannot predict the outcome of those investigations or whether additional investigations may be commenced, and it is possible that our tobacco subsidiaries’ businesses could be materially affected by an unfavorable outcome of
pending or future investigations. 

New Tobacco Product
Technologies. Our tobacco subsidiaries continue to seek ways to develop and to commercialize new product technologies that may reduce the risk of tobacco use while continuing to offer adult consumers products that meet their taste expectations.
Potential solutions being researched include attempting to reduce constituents in tobacco smoke identified by public health authorities as harmful and seeking to produce products that reduce or eliminate exposure to tobacco smoke. Our tobacco
subsidiaries may not succeed in these efforts. If they do not succeed, but one or more of their competitors do, our tobacco subsidiaries may be at a competitive disadvantage. Further, we cannot predict whether regulators will permit the marketing of
products with claims of reduced risk to consumers, which could significantly undermine the commercial viability of any products that might be developed. 

-18- 

Table of Contents

Adjacency Strategy. ALG, PM USA and PMI have adjacency growth strategies involving moves and potential moves
into complementary tobacco or tobacco-related products or processes. We cannot guarantee that these strategies, or any products introduced in connection with these strategies, will be successful. 

Foreign Currency. PMI conducts its business in local currency and, for purposes
of financial reporting, its results are translated into U.S. dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during a reporting period. During times of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported net revenues and operating income will be reduced
because the local currency will translate into fewer U.S. dollars. During periods of economic crises internationally, foreign currencies may be devalued significantly against the U.S. dollar, reducing PMI’s margins. Actions to recover margins
may result in lower volume and a weaker competitive position for PMI. 

Tobacco Availability and Quality. Government mandated prices, production control programs, shifts in crops driven by economic conditions and adverse weather patterns may increase or decrease the cost or reduce the quality of tobacco
and other agricultural products used to manufacture our products. As with other agriculture commodities, the price of tobacco leaf and cloves can be influenced by imbalances in supply and demand and crop quality can be influenced by variations
in weather patterns. Tobacco production in certain countries is subject to a variety of controls, including governmental mandated prices and production control programs. Changes in the patterns of demand for agricultural products could
cause farmers to plant less tobacco. Any significant change in tobacco leaf and clove prices, quality and quantity could affect our tobacco subsidiaries’ profitability and business. 

Attracting and Retaining Talent. Our ability to implement our strategy of
attracting and retaining the best global talent may be impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of cigarette smoking. The tobacco industry competes for talent with the consumer products and other companies that enjoy greater societal
acceptance. As a result, our tobacco subsidiaries may be unable to attract and retain the best global talent. 

Competition and Economic Downturns. Each of our tobacco subsidiaries is subject to intense competition, changes in consumer preferences and local economic
conditions. To be successful, they must continue to: 

•

 promote brand equity successfully; 

•

 anticipate and respond to new consumer trends; 

•

 develop new products and markets and to broaden brand portfolios in order to compete effectively with lower priced products; 

•

 improve productivity; and 

•

 be able to protect or enhance margins through price increases. 

The willingness of consumers to purchase premium cigarette brands depends in part on local economic conditions. In periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend
to purchase more private label and other economy brands, and the volume of our consumer products subsidiaries could suffer accordingly. 

Our finance subsidiary, PMCC, holds investments in finance leases, principally in transportation (including aircraft), power generation and manufacturing equipment
and facilities. Its lessees are also subject to intense competition and economic conditions. If counterparties to PMCC’s leases fail to manage through difficult economic and competitive conditions, PMCC may have to increase its allowance for
losses, which would adversely affect our profitability. 

-19- 

Table of Contents

Acquisitions. One element of PMI’s growth strategy is to strengthen its brand portfolio and/or expand
its geographic reach through active programs of selective acquisitions. ALG and PM USA from time to time consider acquisitions as part of their adjacency strategy, as evidenced by ALG’s 2007 acquisition of John Middleton, Inc. Acquisition
opportunities are limited, and acquisitions present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
continue to acquire attractive businesses on favorable terms or that all future acquisitions will be quickly accretive to earnings. 

Asset Impairment. We periodically calculate the fair value of our goodwill and intangible assets to test for impairment. This calculation may be affected by
the market conditions noted above, as well as interest rates and general economic conditions. If an impairment is determined to exist, we will incur impairment losses, which will reduce our earnings. 

IRS Challenges to PMCC Leases. The IRS concluded its examination of Altria
Group, Inc.’s consolidated tax returns for the years 1996 through 1999 and issued a final Revenue Agent’s Report (“RAR”) on March 15, 2006. The RAR disallowed benefits pertaining to certain PMCC leveraged lease transactions
for the years 1996 through 1999. Altria Group, Inc. has agreed with all conclusions of the RAR, with the exception of the disallowance of benefits pertaining to several PMCC leveraged lease transactions for the years 1996 through 1999. PMCC will
continue to assert its position regarding these leveraged lease transactions and contest approximately $150 million of tax and net interest assessed and paid with regard to them. The IRS may in the future challenge and disallow more of PMCC’s
leveraged leases based on Revenue Rulings, an IRS Notice and subsequent case law addressing specific types of leveraged leases (lease-in/lease-out (“LILO”) and sale-in/lease-out (“SILO”) transactions). PMCC believes that the
position and supporting case law described in the RAR, Revenue Rulings and the IRS Notice are incorrectly applied to PMCC’s transactions and that its leveraged leases are factually and legally distinguishable in material respects from the
IRS’s position. PMCC and ALG intend to vigorously defend against any challenges based on that position through litigation. In this regard, on October 16, 2006, PMCC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of
New York to claim refunds for a portion of these tax payments and associated interest. However, should PMCC’s position not be upheld, PMCC may have to accelerate the payment of significant amounts of federal income tax and significantly lower
its earnings to reflect the recalculation of the income from the affected leveraged leases, which could have a material effect on the earnings and cash flows of Altria Group, Inc. in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year. PMCC considered this
matter in its adoption of FIN 48 and FASB Staff Position No. FAS 13-2.