.

The following
 should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our operating
results, our financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report. 

We* may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in filings with the SEC, in reports to stockholders and in
press releases and investor webcasts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words such as “strategy,” “expects,” “continues,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,”
“will,” “estimates,” “intends,” “projects,” “goals,” “targets” and other words of similar meaning. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or
current facts. 

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement
will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or
should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. Investors should bear this in mind as they consider forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain
invested in Altria Group, Inc.’s securities. In connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could
cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. We elaborate on these and other risks we
face throughout this document, particularly in the “Business Environment” sections preceding our discussion of operating results of our subsidiaries’ businesses. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all
risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time. 

Tobacco-Related Litigation.  There is substantial litigation related
to tobacco products in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. It is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending cases. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco related litigation could encourage the
commencement of additional litigation. Although PM USA has historically been able to obtain required bonds or relief from bonding requirements in order to prevent plaintiffs from seeking to collect judgments while adverse verdicts have been
appealed, there remains a risk that such relief may not be obtainable in all cases. This risk has been substantially reduced given that 40 states now limit the dollar amount of bonds or require no bond at all. 

It is possible that Altria Group, Inc.’s consolidated results of operations, cash
flows or financial position could be materially affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. Nevertheless, although litigation is subject to uncertainty, management
believes the litigation environment has substantially improved. ALG and each of its subsidiaries named as a defendant believe, and each has been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that it has a number of valid defenses to the
litigation pending against it, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts against it. All such cases are, and will continue to be, vigorously defended. However, ALG and its subsidiaries may enter into settlement discussions in particular
cases if they believe it is in the best interests of ALG’s stockholders to do so. Please see Note 19 for a discussion of pending tobacco-related litigation. 

*

This section uses the terms “we,” “our” and “us” when it is not necessary to distinguish among ALG and its various operating subsidiaries or when any distinction
is clear from the context. 

-16- 

Table of Contents

Corporate Restructuring.  On January 31, 2007, the Board of Directors of ALG authorized the
distribution of all Kraft shares owned by ALG to ALG’s shareholders. The distribution will be made on March 30, 2007 to ALG shareholders of record as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 16, 2007. It is possible that an action may be brought
seeking to enjoin the spin-off. Any such injunction would have to be based on a finding that Altria is insolvent or would be insolvent after giving effect to the spin-off or intends to delay, hinder or defraud creditors. In the event the spin-off is
challenged, ALG will defend such action vigorously, including by prosecuting any necessary appeals. Although litigation is subject to uncertainty, management believes that Altria should ultimately prevail against any such action. 

Tobacco Control Action in the Public and Private Sectors.  Our tobacco
subsidiaries face significant governmental action aimed at reducing the incidence of smoking and seeking to hold us responsible for the adverse health effects associated with both smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke. Governmental
actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volume, and we expect this decline to continue. 

Excise Taxes.  Cigarettes are subject to substantial excise taxes in
the United States and to substantial taxation abroad. Significant increases in cigarette-related taxes and fees have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted within the United States, the EU and in other foreign
jurisdictions. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, PMI’s products are subject to discriminatory tax structures, and inconsistent rulings and interpretations on complex methodologies to determine excise and other tax burdens. 

Tax increases and discriminatory tax structures are expected to continue to have an
adverse impact on sales of cigarettes by our tobacco subsidiaries, due to lower consumption levels and to a shift in consumer purchases from the premium to the non-premium or discount segments or to other low-priced or low-taxed tobacco products or
to counterfeit or contraband products. 

Minimum Retail Selling Price
Laws.  Several EU Member States have enacted laws establishing a minimum retail selling price for cigarettes and, in some cases, other tobacco products. The European Commission has commenced proceedings against these Member States,
claiming that minimum retail selling price systems infringe EU law. If the European Commission’s infringement actions are successful, they could adversely impact excise tax levels and/or price gaps in those markets. 

Increased Competition in the Domestic Tobacco Market.  Settlements of
certain tobacco litigation in the United States have resulted in substantial cigarette price increases. PM USA faces competition from lowest priced brands sold by certain domestic and foreign manufacturers that have cost advantages because they are
not parties to these settlements. These manufacturers may fail to comply with related state escrow legislation or may avoid escrow deposit obligations on the majority of their sales by concentrating on certain states where escrow deposits are not
required or are required on fewer than all such manufacturers’ cigarettes sold in such states. Additional competition has resulted from diversion into the United States market of cigarettes intended for sale outside the United States, the sale
of counterfeit cigarettes by third parties, the sale of cigarettes by third parties over the Internet and by other means designed to avoid collection of applicable taxes, and increased imports of foreign lowest priced brands. 

Counterfeit Cigarettes in International Markets.  Large quantities of
counterfeit cigarettes are sold in the international market. PMI believes that 
Marlboro is the most heavily counterfeited international brand. PMI cannot quantify the amount of revenue it loses as a result of this activity. 

Governmental Investigations.  From time to time, ALG and its tobacco
subsidiaries are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters. Ongoing investigations include allegations of 

-17- 

Table of Contents

contraband shipments of cigarettes and allegations of unlawful pricing activities within certain international markets. We cannot predict the outcome of those
investigations or whether additional investigations may be commenced, and it is possible that our business could be materially affected by an unfavorable outcome of pending or future investigations. 

New Tobacco Product Technologies.  Our tobacco subsidiaries continue
to seek ways to develop and to commercialize new product technologies that have the objective of reducing constituents in tobacco smoke identified by public health authorities as harmful while continuing to offer adult smokers products that meet
their taste expectations. We cannot guarantee that our tobacco subsidiaries will succeed in these efforts. If they do not succeed, but one or more of their competitors do, our tobacco subsidiaries may be at a competitive disadvantage. 

PM USA
and PMI have adjacency growth strategies involving potential moves into complementary tobacco or tobacco-related products or processes. We cannot guarantee that these strategies or any products introduced in connection with these strategies, will be
successful. 

Foreign Currency.  Our international food
and tobacco subsidiaries conduct their businesses in local currency and, for purposes of financial reporting, their results are translated into U.S. dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing during a reporting period. During times of a
strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported net revenues and operating income will be reduced because the local currency will translate into fewer U.S. dollars. 

Competition and Economic Downturns.  Each of our consumer products subsidiaries is subject to intense competition, changes in consumer preferences
and local economic conditions. To be successful, they must continue to: 

•

 promote brand equity successfully; 

•

 anticipate and respond to new consumer trends; 

•

 develop new products and markets and to broaden brand portfolios in order to compete effectively with lower priced products; 

•

 improve productivity; and 

•

 respond effectively to changing prices for their raw materials. 

The willingness of consumers to purchase premium cigarette brands and premium food and beverage brands depends in part on local economic conditions. In periods of
economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more private label and other economy brands, and the volume of our consumer products subsidiaries could suffer accordingly. 

Our finance subsidiary, PMCC, holds investments in finance leases, principally in transportation (including aircraft), power
generation and manufacturing equipment and facilities. Its lessees are also subject to intense competition and economic conditions. If counterparties to PMCC’s leases fail to manage through difficult economic and competitive conditions, PMCC
may have to increase its allowance for losses, which would adversely affect our profitability. 

Grocery Trade Consolidation.  As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and retailers grow larger and become more sophisticated, they demand lower pricing and increased promotional programs. Further,
these customers are reducing their inventories and increasing their emphasis on private label products. If Kraft fails to use its scale, marketing expertise, branded products and category leadership positions to respond to these trends, its volume
growth could slow or it may need to lower prices or increase promotional support of its products, any of which would adversely affect our profitability. 

-18- 

Table of Contents

Continued Need to Add Food and Beverage Products in Faster Growing and More Profitable
Categories.  The food and beverage industry’s growth potential is constrained by population growth. Kraft’s success depends in part on its ability to grow its business faster than populations are growing in the markets that
it serves. One way to achieve that growth is to enhance its portfolio by adding products that are in faster growing and more profitable categories. If Kraft does not succeed in making these enhancements, its volume growth may slow, which would
adversely affect our profitability. 

Strengthening Brand Portfolios
Through Acquisitions and Divestitures.  One element of the growth strategy of our consumer product subsidiaries is to strengthen their brand portfolios and/or expand their geographic reach through active programs of selective
acquisitions and divestitures. These subsidiaries are constantly investigating potential acquisition candidates and from time to time they may sell businesses that are outside their core categories or that do not meet their growth or profitability
targets. Acquisition opportunities are limited, and acquisitions present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to continue to acquire attractive businesses on favorable terms or that all future acquisitions will be quickly accretive to earnings. 

Food Raw Material Prices.  The raw materials used by our food businesses are largely commodities that experience price volatility caused by
external conditions, commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations and changes in governmental agricultural programs. Commodity price changes may result in unexpected increases in raw material and packaging costs (which are significantly
affected by oil costs), and our operating subsidiaries may be unable to increase their prices to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume, net revenues and operating companies income. We do not fully hedge against changes in
commodity prices and our hedging strategies may not work as planned. 

Food Safety, Quality and Health Concerns.  We could be adversely affected if consumers in Kraft’s principal markets lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products. Adverse publicity about these
types of concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage consumers from buying Kraft’s products or cause production and delivery disruptions. Recent publicity concerning the health implications of obesity and trans- fatty acids could also reduce
consumption of certain of Kraft’s products. In addition, Kraft may need to recall some of its products if they become adulterated or misbranded. Kraft may also be liable if the consumption of any of its products causes injury. A widespread
product recall or a significant product liability judgment could cause products to be unavailable for a period of time and a loss of consumer confidence in Kraft’s food products and could have a material adverse effect on Kraft’s business
and results. 

Asset Impairment.  We periodically
calculate the fair value of our goodwill and intangible assets to test for impairment. This calculation may be affected by the market conditions noted above, as well as interest rates and general economic conditions. If impairment is determined to
exist, we will incur impairment losses, which will reduce our earnings. 

IRS Challenges to PMCC Leases.  The IRS concluded its examination of ALG’s consolidated tax returns for the years 1996 through 1999, and issued a final Revenue Agent’s Report (“RAR”) on March 15,
2006. The RAR disallowed benefits pertaining to certain PMCC leveraged lease transactions for the years 1996 through 1999. Altria Group, Inc. has agreed with all conclusions of the RAR, with the exception of the disallowance of benefits pertaining
to several PMCC leveraged lease transactions for the years 1996 through 1999. PMCC will continue to assert its position regarding these leveraged lease transactions and contest approximately $150 million of tax and net interest assessed and paid
with regard to them. The IRS may in the future challenge and disallow more of PMCC’s leveraged leases based on recent Revenue Rulings, a recent IRS Notice and subsequent case law addressing specific types of leveraged leases (lease-in/lease-out
(“LILO”) and sale-in/lease-out 

-19- 

Table of Contents

(“SILO”) transactions). PMCC believes that the position and supporting case law described in the RAR, Revenue Rulings and the IRS Notice are incorrectly
applied to PMCC’s transactions and that its leveraged leases are factually and legally distinguishable in material respects from the IRS’s position. PMCC and ALG intend to vigorously defend against any challenges based on that position
through litigation. In this regard, on October 16, 2006, PMCC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York to claim refunds for a portion of these tax payments and associated interest and intends to file
complaints for the remainder. However, should PMCC’s position not be upheld, PMCC may have to accelerate the payment of significant amounts of federal income tax and significantly lower its earnings to reflect the recalculation of the income
from the affected leveraged leases, which could have a material effect on the earnings and cash flows of Altria Group, Inc. in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year. PMCC considered this matter in its adoption of FIN 48 and FASB Staff Position
No. FAS 13-2.