Forward-looking
 Statements

 This Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and other documents we file with the Commission contain
 forward-looking statements that are based on current
 expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our
 future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our
 management’s assumptions. In addition, we, or others on our
 behalf, may make forward-looking statements in press releases or
 written statements, or in our communications and discussions
 with investors and analysts in the normal course of business
 through meetings, web casts, phone calls, and conference calls.
 Words such as “expect,” “anticipate,”
 “outlook,” “forecast,” “could,”
 “project,” “intend,” “plan,”
 “continue,” “believe,” “seek,”
 “estimate,” “should,” “may,”
 “assume,” variations of such words and similar
 expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
 statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
 performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties, and
 assumptions that are difficult to predict. We describe our
 respective risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could
 affect the outcome or results of operations below.

 We have based our forward looking statements on our
 management’s beliefs and assumptions based on information
 available to them at the time the statements are made. We
 caution you that actual outcomes and results may differ
 materially from what is expressed, implied, or forecast by our
 forward-looking statements. Reference is made in particular to
 forward looking statements regarding growth strategies, industry
 trends, financial results, cost reduction initiatives,
 acquisition synergies, manufacturing strategies, product
 development and sales, regulatory approvals, and competitive
 strengths. Except as required under the federal securities laws,
 we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly
 any forward-looking statements after the filing of this report,
 whether as a result of new information, future events, changes
 in assumptions, or otherwise.



 You should carefully consider the risks described below. Such
 risks are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks
 and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently
 believe to be immaterial may also impair our business
 operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business,
 financial condition or operating results could be materially
 adversely affected.

 We are dependent
 on the success of our customers.

 We are dependent on the continued growth, viability and
 financial stability of our customers. Our customers generally
 are OEM’s in the telecommunications, data product,
 automotive, consumer, and industrial industries. These
 industries are subject to rapid technological change, vigorous
 competition and short product life cycles. When our customers
 are adversely affected by these factors, we may be similarly
 affected.

 12

Table of Contents

 We are subject to
 continuing pressure to lower our prices.

 Over the past several years we have experienced, and we expect
 to continue to experience, pressure to lower our prices. In the
 last three years, we have experienced price erosion averaging
 from 2.9% to 3.9%. In order to maintain our margins, we must
 continue to reduce our costs by similar amounts. There can be no
 assurance that continuing pressures to reduce our prices will
 not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 We face rising
 costs of commodity materials.

 The cost and availability of certain commodity materials used to
 manufacture our products, such as plastic resins, copper-based
 metal alloys, gold and palladium salts, molded and stamped
 components and connector assemblies, is critical to our success.
 Volatility in the prices and shortages of such materials may
 result in increased costs and lower operating margins if we are
 unable to pass such increased costs through to our customers.
 From time to time, we use financial instruments to hedge the
 volatility of commodity material costs. The success of our
 hedging program depends on accurate forecast of transaction
 activity in the various commodity materials. To the extent that
 these forecasts are over or understated during periods of
 volatility, we could experience unanticipated commodity
 materials or hedge gains or losses.

 We face intense
 competition in our markets.

 Our markets are highly competitive and we expect that both
 direct and indirect competition will increase in the future. Our
 overall competitive position depends on a number of factors
 including the price, quality and performance of our products,
 the level of customer service, the development of new technology
 and our ability to participate in emerging markets. Within each
 of our markets, we encounter direct competition from other
 electronic components manufacturers and suppliers and
 competition may intensify from various U.S. and
 non-U.S. competitors
 and new market entrants, some of which may be our current
 customers. The competition in the future may, in some cases,
 result in price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market
 share, any of which could materially and adversely affect our
 business, operating results and financial condition. In
 addition, market factors could cause a decline in spending for
 the technology products manufactured by our customers.

 We are dependent
 on new products.

 We expect that a significant portion of our future revenue will
 continue to be derived from sales of newly introduced products.
 Rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and
 changes in customer needs characterize the market for our
 products. If we fail to modify or improve our products in
 response to changes in technology, industry standards or
 customer needs, our products could rapidly become less
 competitive or obsolete. We must continue to make investments in
 research and development in order to continue to develop new
 products, enhance existing products and achieve market
 acceptance for such products. However, there can be no assurance
 that development stage products will be successfully completed
 or, if developed, will achieve significant customer acceptance.

 We may need to license new technologies to respond to
 technological change and these licenses may not be available to
 us on terms that we can accept or may materially change the
 gross profits that we are able to obtain on our products. We may
 not succeed in adapting our products to new technologies as they
 emerge. Development and manufacturing schedules for technology
 products are difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance
 that we will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new
 products. The timely availability of these products in volume
 and their acceptance by customers are important to our future
 success.

 We face
 manufacturing challenges.

 The volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to:
 variation in demand for our customers’ products; our
 customers’ attempts to manage their inventory; design
 changes; changes in

 13

Table of Contents

 our customers’ manufacturing strategy; and acquisitions of
 or consolidations among customers. Due in part to these factors,
 many of our customers do not commit to long-term production
 schedules. Our inability to forecast the level of customer order
 with certainty makes it difficult to schedule production and
 maximize utilization of manufacturing capacity.

 Our industry must provide increasingly rapid product turnaround
 for its customers. We generally do not obtain firm, long-term
 purchase commitments from our customers and we continue to
 experience reduced lead-times in customer orders. Customers may
 cancel their orders, change production quantities or delay
 production for a number of reasons and such actions could
 negatively impact our operating results. In addition, we make
 significant operating decisions based on our estimate of
 customer requirements. The short-term nature of our
 customers’ commitments and the possibility of rapid changes
 in demand for their products reduce our ability to accurately
 estimate the future requirements of those customers.

 On occasion, customers may require rapid increases in
 production, which can stress our resources and reduce operating
 margins. In addition, because many of our costs and operating
 expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand
 can harm our gross profit and operating results.

 We face industry
 consolidation.

 In the current economic climate, consolidation in industries
 that utilize electronics components may further increase as
 companies combine to achieve further economies of scale and
 other synergies. Consolidation in industries that utilize
 electronics components could result in an increase in excess
 manufacturing capacity as companies seek to divest manufacturing
 operations or eliminate duplicative product lines. Excess
 manufacturing capacity has increased, and may continue to
 increase, pricing and competitive pressures for our industry as
 a whole and for us in particular. Consolidation could also
 result in an increasing number of very large companies offering
 products in multiple industries. The significant purchasing
 power and market power of these large companies could increase
 pricing and competitive pressures for us.

 We depend on
 industries exposed to rapid technological change.

 Our customers compete in markets that are characterized by
 rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and
 continuous improvements in products and services. These
 conditions frequently result in short product life cycles. Our
 success will depend largely on the success achieved by our
 customers in developing and marketing their products. If
 technologies or standards supported by our customers’
 products become obsolete or fail to gain widespread commercial
 acceptance, our business could be materially adversely affected.
 In addition, if we are unable to offer technologically advanced,
 cost effective, quick response manufacturing services to
 customers, demand for our products may also decline.

 We face the
 possibility that our gross margins may decline.

 In response to changes in product mix, competitive pricing
 pressures, increased sales discounts, introductions of new
 competitive products, product enhancements by our competitors,
 increases in manufacturing or labor costs or other operating
 expenses, we may experience declines in prices, gross margins
 and profitability. To maintain our gross margins we must
 maintain or increase current shipment volumes, develop and
 introduce new products and product enhancements and reduce the
 costs to produce our products. If we are unable to accomplish
 this, our revenue, gross profit and operating results may be
 below our expectations and those of investors and analysts.

 14

Table of Contents

 We face risks
 associated with inventory.

 The value of our inventory may decline as a result of surplus
 inventory, price reductions or technological obsolescence. We
 must identify the right product mix and maintain sufficient
 inventory on hand to meet customer orders. Failure to do so
 could adversely affect our revenue and operating results.
 However, if circumstances change (for example, an unexpected
 shift in market demand, pricing or customer defaults) there
 could be a material impact on the net realizable value of our
 inventory. We maintain an inventory valuation reserve account
 against diminution in the value or salability of our inventory.
 However, there is no guaranty that these arrangements will be
 sufficient to avoid write-offs in excess of our reserves in all
 circumstances.

 We may encounter
 problems associated with our global operations.

 Currently, more than 70% of our revenues come from international
 sales. In addition, a significant portion of our operations
 consists of manufacturing and sales activities outside of the
 U.S. Our ability to sell our products and conduct our
 operations globally is subject to a number of risks. Local
 economic, political and labor conditions in each country could
 adversely affect demand for our products and services or disrupt
 our operations in these markets. We may also experience reduced
 intellectual property protection or longer and more challenging
 collection cycles as a result of different customary business
 practices in certain countries where we do business.
 Additionally, we face the following risks:

 • 

 International business conditions including the relationships
 between the U.S., Chinese and other governments;

 • 

 Unexpected changes in laws, regulations, trade, monetary or
 fiscal policy, including interest rates, foreign currency
 exchange rates and changes in the rate of inflation in the U.S.,
 China or other foreign countries;

 • 

 Tariffs, quotas and other import or export restrictions and
 other trade barriers;

 • 

 Difficulties in staffing and management;

 • 

 Language and cultural barriers; and

 • 

 Potentially adverse tax consequences.

 Many of our products that are manufactured outside of the United
 States are manufactured in Asia. In particular, we have sizeable
 operations in China. The legal system in China is still
 developing and is subject to change. Accordingly, our operations
 and orders for products in China could be adversely affected by
 changes to or interpretation of Chinese law.

 We are exposed to
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

 Since a significant portion of our business is conducted outside
 the U.S., we face substantial exposure to movements in
 non-U.S. currency
 exchange rates. This may harm our results of operations, and any
 measures that we may implement to reduce the effect of volatile
 currencies and other risks of our global operations may not be
 effective. We mitigate our foreign currency exchange rate risk
 principally through the establishment of local production
 facilities in the markets we serve. This creates a “natural
 hedge” since purchases and sales within a specific country
 are both denominated in the same currency and therefore no
 exposure exists to hedge with a foreign exchange forward or
 option contract (collectively, “foreign exchange
 contracts”). Natural hedges exist in most countries in
 which we operate, although the percentage of natural offsets, as
 compared with offsets that need to be hedged by foreign exchange
 contracts, will vary from country to country. To reduce our
 exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates when natural
 hedges are not effective, we may use financial instruments to
 hedge U.S. dollar and other currency commitments and cash
 flows arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts
 payable and fixed purchase obligations.

 15

Table of Contents

 If these hedging activities are not successful or we change or
 reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience
 significant unexpected expenses from fluctuations in exchange
 rates or financial instruments which become ineffective. The
 success of our hedging program depends on accurate forecasts of
 transaction activity in the various currencies. To the extent
 that these forecasts are over or understated during periods of
 currency volatility, we could experience unanticipated currency
 or hedge gains or losses.

 We may find that
 our products have quality issues.

 If flaws in either the design or manufacture of our products
 were to occur, we could experience a rate of failure in our
 products that could result in significant delays in shipment and
 product re-work or replacement costs. While we engage in
 extensive product quality programs and processes, these may not
 be sufficient to avoid a product failure rate that results in
 substantial delays in shipment, significant repair or
 replacement costs, or potential damage to our reputation.

 We face risks in
 making acquisitions.

 We expect to continue to make investments in companies, products
 and technologies through acquisitions. While we believe that
 such acquisitions are an integral part of our long-term
 strategy, there are risks and uncertainties related to acquiring
 companies. Such risks and uncertainties include:

 • 

 Successfully identifying and completing transactions;

 • 

 Difficulty in integrating acquired operations, technology and
 products or realizing cost savings or other anticipated benefits
 from integration;

 • 

 Retaining customers and existing contracts;

 • 

 Retaining the key employees of the acquired operation;

 • 

 Potential disruption of our or the acquired company’s
 ongoing business;

 • 

 Unanticipated expenses related to integration; and

 • 

 Potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired
 company.

 In addition, if we were to undertake a substantial acquisition
 for cash, the acquisition would likely need to be financed in
 part through additional financing from banks, through public
 offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, or
 other arrangements. This acquisition financing might decrease
 our ratio of earnings to fixed charges and adversely affect
 other leverage measures. There can be no assurance that the
 necessary acquisition financing would be available to us on
 acceptable terms if and when required. If we undertake an
 acquisition by issuing equity securities or equity-linked
 securities, the issued securities may have a dilutive effect on
 the interests of the holders of our stock.

 We face risks
 arising from reorganizations of our operations.

 In 2007, we announced plans to realign part of our manufacturing
 capacity in order to reduce costs and better optimize plant
 utilization. The process of restructuring entails, among other
 activities, moving production between facilities, reducing staff
 levels, realigning our business processes and reorganizing our
 management. We continue to evaluate our operations and may need
 to undertake additional restructuring initiatives in the future.
 If we incur additional restructuring related charges, our
 financial condition and results of operations may suffer.

 In addition, on July 1, 2007 we reorganized into a global
 organizational structure that consists of product-focused
 divisions that enable us to work more effectively as a global
 team to meet customer needs, as well as to better leverage
 design expertise and the low-cost production centers we have
 around the world. This reorganization entails risks, including:
 the need to implement financial and other systems and add
 management resources; in the short-term we may fail to maintain
 the quality of products and services we have historically
 provided; diversion of management’s attention to the

 16

Table of Contents

 reorganization; potential disruption of our ongoing business;
 and unanticipated expenses related to such reorganization.

 We depend on our
 key employees and face competition in hiring and retaining
 qualified employees.

 Our future success depends partly on the continued contribution
 of our key employees, including executive, engineering, sales,
 marketing, manufacturing and administrative personnel. We
 currently do not have employment agreements with any of our key
 executive officers. We face intense competition for key
 personnel in several of our product and geographic markets. Our
 future success depends in large part on our continued ability to
 hire, assimilate and retain key employees, including qualified
 engineers and other highly skilled personnel needed to compete
 and develop successful new products. We may not be as successful
 as competitors at recruiting, assimilating and retaining highly
 skilled personnel.

 We are subject to
 various laws and government regulations.

 We are subject to a wide and ever-changing variety of
 U.S. and foreign federal, state and local laws and
 regulations, compliance with which may require substantial
 expense. Of particular note are two recent European Union (EU)
 directives known as the Restriction on Certain Hazardous
 Substances Directive (RoHS) and the Waste Electrical and
 Electronic Equipment Directive. These directives restrict the
 distribution of products within the EU of certain substances and
 require a manufacturer or importer to recycle products
 containing those substances. Failure to comply with these
 directives could result in fines or suspension of sales.
 Additionally, RoHS may result in our having non-compliant
 inventory that may be less readily salable or have to be written
 off.

 In addition, some environment laws impose liability, sometimes
 without fault, for investigating or cleaning up contamination on
 or emanating from our currently or formerly owned, leased or
 operated property, as well as for damages to property or natural
 resources and for personal injury arising out of such
 contamination.

 We rely on our
 intellectual property rights.

 We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and
 trade secrets and confidentiality provisions to establish and
 protect our proprietary rights. To this end, we hold rights to a
 number of patents and registered trademarks and regularly file
 applications to attempt to protect our rights in new technology
 and trademarks. Even if approved, our patents or trademarks may
 be successfully challenged by others or otherwise become
 invalidated for a variety of reasons. Also, to the extent a
 competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our
 technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us
 to obtain necessary legal protection.

 Third parties may claim that we are infringing their
 intellectual property rights. Such claims could have an adverse
 affect on our business and financial condition. From time to
 time we receive letters alleging infringement of patents.
 Litigation concerning patents or other intellectual property is
 costly and time consuming. We may seek licenses from such
 parties, but they could refuse to grant us a license or demand
 commercially unreasonable terms. Such infringement claims could
 also cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend or
 permanently cease the manufacture and sale of affected products.

 We could suffer
 significant business interruptions.

 Our operations and those of our suppliers may be vulnerable to
 interruption by natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis,
 typhoons, or floods, or other disasters such as fires,
 explosions, acts of terrorism or war, or failures of our
 management information or other systems. If a business
 interruption occurs, our business could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 17

Table of Contents