Forward-looking
 Statements

 This Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking
 statements that are based on current expectations, estimates,
 forecasts and projections about our future performance, our
 business, our beliefs, and our management’s assumptions. In
 addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking
 statements in press releases or written statements, or in our
 communications and discussions with investors and analysts in
 the normal course of business through meetings, web casts, phone
 calls, and conference calls. Words such as “expect,”
 “anticipate,” “outlook,”
 “forecast,” “could,” “project,”
 “intend,” “plan,” “continue,”
 “believe,” “seek,” “estimate,”
 “should,” “may,” “assume,”
 “potential,” variations of such words and similar
 expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
 statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
 performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties, and
 assumptions that are difficult to predict. We describe our
 respective risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could
 affect the outcome or results of operations below.

 We have based our forward-looking statements on our
 management’s beliefs and assumptions based on information
 available to them at the time the statements are made. We
 caution that actual outcomes and results may differ materially
 from what is expressed, implied, or forecast by our
 forward-looking statements. Reference is made in particular to
 forward-looking statements regarding growth strategies, industry
 trends, financial results, cost reduction initiatives,
 acquisition synergies, manufacturing strategies, product
 development and sales, regulatory approvals, competitive
 strengths and legal and investigative proceedings. Except as
 required under the federal securities laws, we do

 13

Table of Contents

 not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any
 forward-looking statements after the filing of this report,
 whether as a result of new information, future events, changes
 in assumptions, or otherwise.



 You should carefully consider the risks described below. Such
 risks are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks
 and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently
 believe to be immaterial may also impair our business
 operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business,
 financial condition or operating results could be materially
 adversely affected.

 Risks Relating to
 Our Business

 We may be
 adversely affected by a prolonged economic downturn or economic
 uncertainty.

 Our business and operating results have been and will continue
 to be affected by global economic conditions. As global economic
 conditions deteriorate or economic uncertainty increases, our
 customers or potential customers may experience deterioration of
 their businesses, which may result in the delay or cancellation
 of plans to purchase our products. Our sensitivity to economic
 cycles and any related fluctuation in the businesses of our
 customers or potential customers may have a material adverse
 effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows.

 We may see a
 negative effect on our business due to disruptions in financial
 markets.

 Economic downturns and economic uncertainty generally affect
 global credit markets. Financial markets in the United States,
 Europe and Asia have been experiencing volatility in security
 prices, diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating
 downgrades of certain investments and declining valuation of
 others. While these conditions have not impaired our ability to
 access credit markets and finance our operations, there can be
 no assurance that there will not be a further deterioration in
 financial markets and confidence in major economies. The
 tightening of credit in financial markets may adversely affect
 the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing
 of significant purchases and operations and this can in turn
 have a material adverse affect on our business and results of
 operations.

 We are dependent
 on the success of our customers.

 We are dependent on the continued growth, viability and
 financial stability of our customers. Our customers generally
 are OEM’s in the telecommunications, infotech, automotive,
 consumer and industrial markets. These industries are subject to
 rapid technological change, vigorous competition and short
 product life cycles and cyclical and reduced consumer demand
 patterns. When our customers are adversely affected by these
 factors, we may be similarly affected.

 For example, the telecommunications market, which accounted for
 approximately 25% of our net revenue in fiscal 2011, has
 historically experienced periods of robust capital expenditure
 followed by periods of retrenchment and consolidation. The
 infotech market, which accounted for 23% of our net revenue in
 fiscal 2011, has fluctuated seasonally and is subject to
 variations in enterprise spending depending on current economic
 and credit conditions. Periodic downturns in our customers’
 industries can significantly reduce demand for certain of our
 products, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

 We are subject to
 continuing pressure to lower our prices.

 Over the past several years we have experienced, and we expect
 to continue to experience, pressure to lower our prices. In the
 last three years, we have experienced annual price erosion
 averaging from 3% to 4%. In order to maintain our margins, we
 must continue to reduce our costs by

 14

Table of Contents

 similar amounts. Continuing pressures to reduce our prices could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 We face rising
 costs of commodity materials.

 The cost and availability of certain commodity materials used to
 manufacture our products, such as plastic resins, copper-based
 metal alloys, gold and palladium salts, molded and stamped
 components and connector assemblies, is critical to our success.
 The price of many of these raw materials, including copper and
 gold, has increased in recent years, and continues to fluctuate.
 Gold, which made up approximately 14% of our material cost in
 fiscal 2011, has increased in price approximately 56% since
 2009. In addition, many of these commodity materials are
 produced in a limited number of regions around the world or are
 only available from a limited number of suppliers. Volatility in
 the prices and shortages of such materials may result in
 increased costs and lower operating margins if we are unable to
 pass such increased costs through to our customers. Some of our
 competitors may be less dependent on these commodity materials
 and have less exposure to these volatile commodity costs. Our
 results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be
 materially and adversely affected if we have difficulty
 obtaining these commodity materials, the quality of available
 commodity materials deteriorates, or there are continued
 significant price increases for these commodity materials. We
 use financial instruments to hedge the volatility of commodity
 material costs. The success of our hedging program depends on
 accurate forecast of transaction activity in the various
 commodity materials. We could experience unanticipated commodity
 materials or hedge gains or losses if these forecasts are
 inaccurate during periods of volatility.

 We face intense
 competition in our markets.

 Our markets are highly competitive and we expect that both
 direct and indirect competition will increase in the future. Our
 overall competitive position depends on a number of factors
 including the price, quality and performance of our products,
 the level of customer service, the development of new technology
 and our ability to participate in emerging markets. Within each
 of our markets, we encounter direct competition from other
 electronic components manufacturers and suppliers ranging in
 size from large, diversified manufacturers to small, highly
 specialized manufacturers. Competition may intensify from
 various U.S. and
 non-U.S. competitors
 and new market entrants, some of which may be our current
 customers. Our markets have continued to become increasingly
 concentrated and globalized in recent years, and our major
 competitors have significant financial resources and
 technological capabilities. Increased competition may result in
 price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share, any
 of which could materially and adversely affect our business,
 operating results and financial condition.

 We are dependent
 on new products.

 We expect that a significant portion of our future net revenue
 will continue to be derived from sales of newly introduced
 products. Rapidly changing technology, evolving industry
 standards and changes in customer needs characterize the market
 for our products. If we fail to modify or improve our products
 in response to changes in technology, industry standards or
 customer needs, our products could rapidly become less
 competitive or obsolete. We must continue to make investments in
 research and development in order to continue to develop timely
 new products, enhance existing products and achieve market
 acceptance for such products. As a result of our need to make
 these investments in research and development, our operating
 results could be materially affected if our net revenue falls
 below expectations. Moreover, there can be no assurance that
 development stage products will be successfully completed or, if
 developed, will achieve significant customer acceptance.

 We may need to license new technologies to respond to
 technological change and these licenses may not be available to
 us on terms that we can accept or may materially change the
 gross profit margin that we are able to obtain on our products.
 We may not succeed in adapting our products to new technologies
 as they emerge. Development and manufacturing schedules for
 technology products

 15

Table of Contents

 are difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that we
 will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products.
 The timely availability of these products in volume and their
 acceptance by customers are important to our future success.

 We face
 manufacturing challenges.

 The volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to:
 variation in demand for our customers’ products; our
 customers’ attempts to manage their inventory; design
 changes; changes in our customers’ manufacturing strategy;
 and consolidations among or acquisitions of customers. Due in
 part to these factors, many of our customers do not commit to
 long-term production schedules. Our inability to forecast the
 level of customer order with certainty makes it difficult to
 schedule production and maximize utilization of manufacturing
 capacity.

 Our industry must provide increasingly rapid product turnaround
 for its customers. We generally do not obtain firm, long-term
 purchase commitments from our customers and we continue to
 experience reduced lead-times in customer orders. Customers may
 cancel their orders, change production quantities or delay
 production for a number of reasons and such actions could
 negatively impact our operating results. In addition, we make
 significant operating decisions based on our estimate of
 customer requirements. The short-term nature of our
 customers’ commitments and the possibility of rapid changes
 in demand for their products reduce our ability to accurately
 estimate the future requirements of those customers.

 We rely on third-party suppliers for the components used in our
 products, and we rely on third-party manufacturers to
 manufacture certain of our assemblies and finished products. Our
 results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could
 be adversely affected if our third-party suppliers lack
 sufficient quality control or if there are significant changes
 in their financial or business condition. If our third-party
 suppliers fail to deliver products, parts, and components of
 sufficient quality on time and at reasonable prices, we could
 have difficulties fulfilling our orders, sales and profits could
 decline, and our commercial reputation could be damaged.

 From time to time, we have underutilized our manufacturing
 lines. This excess capacity means we incur increased fixed costs
 in our products relative to the net revenue we generate, which
 could have an adverse effect on our results of operations,
 particularly during economic downturns. If we are unable to
 improve utilization levels for these manufacturing lines and
 correctly manage capacity, the increased expense levels will
 have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations. In addition, some of our manufacturing
 lines are located in China or other foreign countries that are
 subject to a number of additional risks and uncertainties,
 including increasing labor costs and political, social and
 economic instability.

 We are dependent
 on independent distributors to sell and market our
 products.

 Sales through independent distributors accounted for
 approximately 27% of our net revenue in fiscal 2011. Although we
 have entered into written agreements with most of the
 distributors, the agreements are nonexclusive and generally may
 be terminated by either party upon written notice. The
 distributors are not within our control, are not obligated to
 purchase products from us, and may also sell other lines of
 products. We do not assure you that these distributors will
 continue their current relationships with us or that they will
 not give higher priority to the sale of other products, which
 could include products of competitors. A reduction in sales
 efforts or discontinuance of sales of our products by the
 distributors would lead to reduced sales and could materially
 adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
 and business. Selling through indirect channels such as
 distributors may limit our contact with the ultimate customers
 and our ability to assure customer satisfaction.

 We face industry
 consolidation.

 Many of the industries to which we sell our products, as well as
 many of the industries from which we buy materials, have become
 increasingly concentrated in recent years, including the

 16

Table of Contents

 telecommunications, infotech, automotive and consumer
 electronics industries. Consolidation of customers may lead to
 decreased product purchases from us. In addition, as our
 customers buy in larger volumes, their volume buying power has
 increased, and they may be able to negotiate more favorable
 pricing and find alternative sources from which to purchase. Our
 materials suppliers similarly have increased their ability to
 negotiate favorable pricing. These trends may adversely affect
 the profit margins on our products, particularly for commodity
 components.

 We depend on
 industries exposed to rapid technological change.

 Our customers compete in markets that are characterized by
 rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and
 continuous improvements in products and services. These
 conditions frequently result in short product life cycles. Our
 success will depend largely on the success achieved by our
 customers in developing and marketing their products. If
 technologies or standards supported by our customers’
 products become obsolete or fail to gain widespread commercial
 acceptance, our business could be materially adversely affected.
 In addition, if we are unable to offer technologically advanced,
 cost effective, quick response manufacturing services to
 customers, demand for our products may also decline.

 We face the
 possibility that our gross margins may decline.

 In response to changes in product mix, competitive pricing
 pressures, increased sales discounts, introductions of new
 competitive products, product enhancements by our competitors,
 increases in manufacturing or labor costs or other operating
 expenses, we may experience declines in prices, gross margins
 and profitability. To maintain our gross margins we must
 maintain or increase current shipment volumes, develop and
 introduce new products and product enhancements and reduce the
 costs to produce our products. If we are unable to accomplish
 this, our net revenue, gross profit and operating results may be
 below our expectations and those of investors and analysts.

 We face risks
 associated with inventory.

 The value of our inventory may decline as a result of surplus
 inventory, price reductions or technological obsolescence. The
 life cycles of some of our products can be very short compared
 with the development cycle, which may result in excess or
 obsolete inventory or equipment that we may need to write off.
 We must identify the right product mix and maintain sufficient
 inventory on hand to meet customer orders. Failure to do so
 could adversely affect our net revenue and operating results.
 However, if circumstances change (for example, an unexpected
 shift in market demand, pricing or customer defaults) there
 could be a material impact on the net realizable value of our
 inventory. We maintain an inventory valuation reserve account
 against diminution in the value or salability of our inventory.
 However, there is no guaranty that these arrangements will be
 sufficient to avoid write-offs in excess of our reserves in all
 circumstances.

 We may encounter
 problems associated with our global operations.

 For fiscal year 2011, approximately 76% of our net revenue came
 from international sales, including 32% and 16% in China and
 Japan, respectively. In addition, a significant portion of our
 operations consists of manufacturing activities outside of the
 United States, including approximately 26% and 20% in China and
 Japan, respectively. Our ability to sell our products and
 conduct our operations globally is subject to a number of risks.
 Local economic, political and labor conditions in each country
 could adversely affect demand for our products and services or
 disrupt our operations in these markets. We may also experience
 reduced intellectual property protection or longer and more
 challenging collection cycles as a result of different customary
 business practices in certain countries, including China where
 we do business. Additionally, we face the following risks:

 • 

 International business conditions including the relationships
 between the United States and other governments;

 17

Table of Contents

 • 

 Unexpected changes in laws, regulations, trade, monetary or
 fiscal policy, including interest rates, foreign currency
 exchange rates and changes in the rate of inflation in the
 United States and other foreign countries;

 • 

 Tariffs, quotas, customs and other import or export restrictions
 and other trade barriers;

 • 

 Difficulties in staffing and management;

 • 

 Language and cultural barriers, including those related to
 employment regulation;

 • 

 Disruption of our supply chain as a result of natural
 disasters; and

 • 

 Potentially adverse tax consequences.

 We are exposed to
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

 We face substantial exposure to movements in
 non-U.S. currency
 exchange rates because a significant portion of our business is
 conducted outside the United States. This may harm our results
 of operations, and any measures that we may implement to reduce
 the effect of volatile currencies and other risks of our global
 operations may not be effective. Approximately 61% of our net
 revenue for fiscal year 2011 was invoiced in currencies other
 than the U.S. dollar, and we expect net revenue and
 manufacturing costs from

non-U.S. markets
 to continue to represent a significant portion of our operating
 results. Price increases caused by currency exchange rate
 fluctuations may make our products less competitive or have an
 adverse effect on our margins. Our international net revenue and
 expenses generally are derived from sales and operations in
 currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, when
 the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies
 of the countries in which we sell our products, our
 U.S. dollar reported net revenue and income will decrease.
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations may also disrupt the
 business of our suppliers by making their purchases of raw
 materials more expensive and more difficult to finance. We
 mitigate our foreign currency exchange rate risk principally
 through the establishment of local production facilities in the
 markets we serve. This creates a “natural hedge” since
 purchases and sales within a specific country are both
 denominated in the same currency and therefore no exposure
 exists to hedge with a foreign exchange forward or option
 contract (collectively, “foreign exchange contracts”).
 Natural hedges exist in most countries in which we operate,
 although the percentage of natural offsets, as compared with
 offsets that need to be hedged by foreign exchange contracts,
 will vary from country to country. To reduce our exposure to
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates when natural hedges are
 not effective, we may use financial instruments to hedge
 U.S. dollar and other currency commitments and cash flows
 arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable
 and fixed purchase obligations.

 If these hedging activities are not successful or we change or
 reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience
 significant unexpected expenses from fluctuations in exchange
 rates or financial instruments which become ineffective. The
 success of our hedging program depends on accurate forecasts of
 transaction activity in the various currencies. To the extent
 that these forecasts are over or understated during periods of
 currency volatility, we could experience unanticipated currency
 or hedge gains or losses.

 We may find that
 our products have quality issues.

 The fabrication of the products we manufacture is a complex and
 precise process. Our customers specify quality, performance and
 reliability standards. If flaws in either the design or
 manufacture of our products were to occur, we could experience a
 rate of failure in our products that could result in significant
 delays in shipment and product re-work or replacement costs.
 Although we engage in extensive product quality programs and
 processes, these may not be sufficient to avoid product
 failures, which could cause us to:

 • 

 lose net revenue;

 • 

 incur increased costs such as warranty expense and costs
 associated with customer support;

 18

Table of Contents

 • 

 experience delays, cancellations or rescheduling of orders for
 our products;

 • 

 experience increased product returns or discounts; or

 • 

 damage our reputation; all of which could negatively affect our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 If we fail to
 manage our growth effectively or to integrate successfully any
 future acquisition, our business could be harmed.

 We expect to continue to make investments in companies, products
 and technologies through acquisitions. While we believe that
 such acquisitions are an integral part of our long-term
 strategy, there are risks and uncertainties related to acquiring
 companies. Such risks and uncertainties include:

 • 

 Successfully identifying and completing transactions;

 • 

 Difficulty in integrating acquired operations, technology and
 products or realizing cost savings or other anticipated benefits
 from integration;

 • 

 Retaining customers and existing contracts;

 • 

 Retaining the key employees of the acquired operation;

 • 

 Potential disruption of our or the acquired company’s
 ongoing business;

 • 

 Charges for impairment of long-term assets;

 • 

 Unanticipated expenses related to integration; and

 • 

 Potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired
 company.

 In addition, if we were to undertake a substantial acquisition
 for cash, the acquisition would likely need to be financed in
 part through additional financing from banks, through public
 offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, or
 other arrangements. This acquisition financing might decrease
 our ratio of earnings to fixed charges and adversely affect
 other leverage measures. Any necessary acquisition financing may
 not be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required.
 If we undertake an acquisition by issuing equity securities or
 equity-linked securities, the issued securities may have a
 dilutive effect on the interests of the holders of our stock.

 We face risks
 arising from reorganizations of our operations.

 In 2007, we announced plans to realign part of our manufacturing
 capacity in order to reduce costs and better optimize plant
 utilization. We completed our restructuring program on
 June 30, 2010 and recorded restructuring related charges of
 $314.8 million since we announced the plans. The process of
 restructuring entails, among other activities, moving production
 between facilities, reducing staff levels, realigning our
 business processes (including our supply chain logistics),
 closing facilities and reorganizing our management. We continue
 to evaluate our operations and may need to undertake additional
 restructuring initiatives in the future. If we incur additional
 restructuring related charges, our financial condition and
 results of operations may be adversely affected.

 In addition, in fiscal 2009, we reorganized our global product
 divisions to enable us to work more effectively as a global team
 to meet customer needs, as well as to better leverage design
 expertise and the low-cost production centers we have around the
 world. This reorganization entails risks, including: the need to
 implement financial and other systems and add management
 resources; the challenge to maintain the quality of products and
 services; the possible diversion of management’s attention
 to the reorganization; the potential disruption to our ongoing
 business; greater than anticipated severance costs and other
 expenses associated with the closing of a facility or realigning
 our business processes.

 19

Table of Contents

 We depend on our
 key employees and face competition in hiring and retaining
 qualified employees.

 Our future success depends partly on the continued contribution
 of our key employees, including executive, engineering, sales,
 marketing, manufacturing and administrative personnel. We face
 intense competition for key personnel in several of our product
 and geographic markets. Our future success depends in large part
 on our continued ability to hire, assimilate and retain key
 employees, including qualified engineers and other highly
 skilled personnel needed to compete and develop successful new
 products. We may not be as successful as competitors at
 recruiting, assimilating and retaining highly skilled personnel.

 We are subject to
 various laws and government regulations.

 We are subject to a wide and ever-changing variety of United
 States and foreign federal, state and local laws and
 regulations, compliance with which may require substantial
 expense. Of particular note are laws and regulations restricting
 the use of certain chemical substances in the production of
 electronic equipment. Failure to comply with these requirements
 could result in fines or suspension of sales.

 In addition, some environmental laws impose liability, sometimes
 without fault, for investigating or cleaning up contamination on
 or emanating from our currently or formerly owned, leased or
 operated property, as well as for damages to property or natural
 resources and for personal injury arising out of such
 contamination.

 We rely on our
 intellectual property rights.

 We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and
 trade secrets and confidentiality provisions to establish and
 protect our proprietary rights. To this end, we hold rights to a
 number of patents and registered trademarks and regularly file
 applications to attempt to protect our rights in new technology
 and trademarks. Even if approved, our patents or trademarks may
 be successfully challenged by others or otherwise become
 invalidated for a variety of reasons. Also, to the extent a
 competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our
 intellectual property, it may be difficult, expensive or
 impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection.

 Third parties may claim that we are infringing their
 intellectual property rights. Such claims could have an adverse
 affect on our business and financial condition. From time to
 time we receive letters alleging infringement of patents.
 Litigation concerning patents or other intellectual property is
 costly and time consuming. We may seek licenses from such
 parties, but they could refuse to grant us a license or demand
 commercially unreasonable terms. Such infringement claims could
 also cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend or
 permanently cease the manufacture and sale of affected products.

 We could suffer
 significant business interruptions.

 Our operations and those of our suppliers and customers may be
 vulnerable to interruption by natural disasters such as
 earthquakes, tsunamis, typhoons, or floods, or other disasters
 such as fires, explosions, acts of terrorism or war, disease or
 failures of our management information or other systems due to
 internal or external causes. If a business interruption occurs,
 our business could be materially and adversely affected.

 On March 11, 2011, an earthquake occurred near the
 northeastern coast of Japan creating a tsunami that caused
 extensive damage. Thus far, our operations have not been
 materially affected. However, the long-term consequences of the
 disasters to our operations and the overall Japanese economy
 remain unclear.

 20

Table of Contents

 A decline in the
 market value of our pension plans’ investment portfolios
 could adversely affect our results of operations, financial
 condition and cash flows.

 Concerns about deterioration in the global economy, together
 with the current credit crisis, have caused significant
 volatility in interest rates and equity prices, which could
 decrease the value of our pension plans’ investment
 portfolios. A decrease in the value of our pension plans’
 investment portfolios could have an adverse affect on our
 results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 We may have
 exposure to income tax rate fluctuations and to additional tax
 liabilities, which could negatively affect our financial
 position.

 As a corporation with operations both in the United States and
 abroad, we are subject to income taxes in the United States and
 various foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate is subject
 to significant fluctuation from one period to the next because
 the income tax rates for each year are a function of a number of
 factors, including the following:

 • 

 The effects of a mix of earnings among countries with a broad
 range of statutory tax rates;

 • 

 Changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities;

 • 

 Changes in assessment of tax exposures; and

 • 

 Changes in tax laws or the interpretation of these laws.

 Changes in the mix of these items and other items may cause our
 effective tax rate to fluctuate between periods, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition.

 In addition, if we encounter a significant need for liquidity
 domestically or at a particular location that we cannot fulfill
 through borrowings, equity offerings, or other internal or
 external sources, we may experience unfavorable tax and earnings
 consequences due to cash transfers. These adverse consequences
 would occur, for example, if the transfer of cash into the
 United States is taxed and no offsetting foreign tax credit is
 available to offset the U.S. tax liability, resulting in
 lower earnings. Foreign exchange ceilings imposed by local
 governments and the sometimes lengthy approval processes that
 foreign governments require for international cash transfers may
 delay our internal cash transfers from time to time.

 We are also subject to non-income taxes, such as payroll, sales,
 use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services
 taxes, in both the United States and various foreign
 jurisdictions.

 Significant judgment is required in determining our provision
 for income taxes and other tax liabilities. Although we believe
 our tax estimates are reasonable, we are regularly under audit
 by tax authorities with respect to both income and non-income
 taxes and may have exposure to additional tax liabilities as a
 result of these audits. Unfavorable audit findings and tax
 rulings may result in payment of taxes, fines and penalties for
 prior periods and higher tax rates in future periods, which may
 have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition.

 An adverse
 outcome in a litigation proceeding may result in a material
 adverse affect on our financial position.

 We are currently a party to various legal proceedings which may
 divert financial and management resources. If one or more
 unfavorable final outcomes were to occur, there exists the
 possibility of a material adverse effect on our financial
 position.

 21

Table of Contents

 Covenants in our
 debt instruments may adversely affect us if we are determined
 not to be in compliance.

 Our material debt instruments contain representations and
 covenants with which we are required to be in compliance.
 Although we believe none of these covenants are restrictive to
 our operations, our ability to meet these representations
 and/or
 covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and we
 do not assure you that we will continue to comply. A breach of
 any of these representations

and/or
 covenants could result in a default giving the lender(s) the
 right to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be
 immediately due and payable and our lender(s) could terminate
 commitments to extend further credit. If the lender(s)
 accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we do not assure you
 that we will have sufficient assets to repay our affected
 indebtedness. In addition, acceleration of any debt obligation
 under any of our material debt instruments may permit the
 lender(s) under other material debt instruments to accelerate
 payment of amounts outstanding.

 Our certificate
 of incorporation and bylaws include antitakeover provisions,
 which may deter or prevent a takeover attempt.

 Some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws
 may deter or prevent a takeover attempt, including a takeover
 that might result in a premium over the market price for our
 Common Stock and Class A Common Stock. Our governing
 documents establish a classified board, require shareholders to
 give advance notice prior to the annual meeting if they want to
 nominate a candidate for director or present a proposal, and
 contain a number of provisions subject to supermajority vote. In
 addition, the Board may issue up to 25,000,000 shares of
 preferred stock without action by our stockholders, which could
 be used to make it more difficult and costly to acquire our
 company.