Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. 

Our operating results are highly dependent upon and fluctuate based upon business and economic conditions and governmental policies affecting the
agricultural industry where we or our customers operate. These factors are outside of our control and may significantly affect our profitability. 

Our operating results are highly dependent upon business and economic conditions and governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, which we cannot control. The agricultural products business
can be affected by a number of factors. The most important of these factors, for U.S. markets, are: 

•

 weather patterns and field conditions (particularly during periods of traditionally high crop nutrients consumption); 

•

 quantities of crop nutrients imported to and exported from North America; 

•

 current and projected grain inventories and prices, which are heavily influenced by U.S. exports and world-wide grain markets; and

•

 U.S. governmental policies, including farm and biofuel policies, which may directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the level of
grain inventories, the mix of crops planted or crop prices. 

International market conditions, which are also outside of our
control, may also significantly influence our operating results. The international market for crop nutrients is influenced by such factors as the relative value of the U.S. dollar and its impact upon the cost of importing crop nutrients, foreign
agricultural policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain foreign markets, changes in the hard currency demands of certain countries and other regulatory policies of foreign governments, as well
as the laws and policies of the United States affecting foreign trade and investment. 

Our most important products are global commodities,
and we face intense global competition from other crop nutrient producers that can affect our prices and volumes. 

Our most important
products are concentrated phosphate crop nutrients, including diammonium phosphate, or DAP, and monoammonium phosphate, or MAP, and muriate of potash, or MOP. We sell most of our DAP, MAP and MOP in the form of global commodities. Our sales of these
products face intense global competition from other crop nutrient producers. 

27 

Table of Contents

Changes in competitors’ production or shifts in their marketing focus have in the past significantly
affected both the prices at which we sell our products and the volumes that we sell, and are likely to continue to do so in the future. 

Competitors are more likely to increase their production at times when world agricultural and crop nutrient markets are strong, and to focus on sales
into regions where their returns are highest. Increases in the global supply of DAP, MAP and MOP or competitors’ increased sales into regions in which we have significant sales could adversely affect our prices and volumes. 

Competitors and potential new entrants in the markets for both concentrated phosphate crop nutrients and potash have recently expanded, begun to expand,
or announced plans to expand capacity over the next several years. The extent to which current global or local economic and financial conditions, changes in global or local economic and financial conditions, or other factors may cause delays or
cancellation of some of these ongoing or planned projects, or result in the acceleration of existing or new projects, is unclear. In addition, the level of exports by producers of concentrated phosphate crop nutrients in China depends to a
significant extent on Chinese government actions to curb exports through, among other measures, prohibitive export taxes at times when the government believes it desirable to assure ample domestic supplies of concentrated phosphate crop nutrients to
stimulate grain and oilseed production. 

In addition, some of our competitors who are expanding their potash production capacity include other
members of Canpotex. Canpotex members’ respective shares of Canpotex sales is based upon the members’ respective proven peaking capacity for producing potash. When a Canpotex member expands its production capacity, the new capacity is
added to that member’s proven peaking capacity based on a test run at the maximum production level. Antitrust and competition laws prohibit the members of Canpotex from coordinating their production decisions, including the timing of their
respective test runs. Worldwide potash production levels during these test runs could exceed then-current market demand, resulting in an oversupply of potash and lower potash prices. 

We cannot accurately predict when or whether competitors’ ongoing or planned capacity expansions will be completed, the timing of competitors’ tests to prove peaking capacity for Canpotex
purposes, the cumulative effect of these and recently completed expansions, the impact of future decisions by the Chinese government on the level of Chinese exports of concentrated phosphate crop nutrients, or the effects of these or other actions
by our competitors on the prices for our products or the volumes that we are able to sell. 

Our crop nutrients and other products are
subject to price and demand volatility resulting from periodic imbalances of supply and demand, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate. 

Historically, the market for crop nutrients has been cyclical, and prices and demand for our products have fluctuated to a significant extent, particularly for phosphates and, to a lesser extent, potash.
Periods of high demand, increasing profits and high capacity utilization tend to lead to new plant investment and increased production. This growth increases supply until the market is over-saturated, leading to declining prices and declining
capacity utilization until the cycle repeats. 

As a result, crop nutrient prices and volumes have been volatile. This price and volume
volatility may cause our results of operations to fluctuate and potentially deteriorate. The price at which we sell our crop nutrient products and our sales volumes could fall in the event of industry oversupply conditions, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In contrast, high prices may lead our customers and farmers to delay purchasing decisions in anticipation of future lower prices, thus impacting our sales
volumes. 

Due to reduced market demand, depressed agricultural economic conditions and other factors, we and our predecessors have at various
times suspended or reduced production at some of our facilities. The extent to which we utilize available capacity at our facilities will cause fluctuations in our results of operations, as we will incur

28 

Table of Contents

costs for any temporary or indefinite shutdowns of our facilities and lower sales tend to lead to higher fixed costs as a percentage of sales. 

Variations in crop nutrient application rates may exacerbate the cyclicality of the crop nutrient markets. 

Farmers are able to maximize their economic return by applying optimum amounts of crop nutrients. Farmers’ decisions about the application rate
for each crop nutrient, or to forego application of a crop nutrient, particularly phosphate and potash, vary from year to year depending on a number of factors, including among others, crop prices, crop nutrient and other crop input costs or the
level of the crop nutrient remaining in the soil following the previous harvest. Farmers are more likely to increase application rates when crop prices are relatively high, crop nutrient and other crop input costs are relatively low and the
level of the crop nutrient remaining in the soil is relatively low. Conversely, farmers are likely to reduce or forego application when farm economics are weak or declining or the level of the crop nutrients remaining in the soil is relatively
high. This variability in application rates can materially accentuate the cyclicality in prices for our products and our sales volumes. 

Our crop nutrient business is seasonal, which may result in carrying significant amounts of inventory and seasonal variations in working capital, and
our inability to predict future seasonal crop nutrient demand accurately may result in excess inventory or product shortages. 

The crop
nutrient business is seasonal. Farmers tend to apply crop nutrients during two short application periods, the strongest one in the Spring before planting and the other in the Fall after harvest. As a result, the strongest demand for our products
typically occurs during the Spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the Fall harvest. In contrast, we and other crop nutrient producers generally produce our products throughout the year. As a result, we and/or our
customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year in order to ensure timely product availability during the peak sales seasons. The seasonality of crop nutrient demand results in our sales volumes and net sales
typically being the highest during the North American Spring season and our working capital requirements typically being the highest just prior to the start of the Spring season. Our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year
to the next due to weather-related shifts in planting schedules and purchasing patterns. 

If seasonal demand exceeds our projections, we will
not have enough product and our customers may acquire products from our competitors, which would negatively impact our profitability. If seasonal demand is less than we expect, we will be left with excess inventory and higher working capital and
liquidity requirements. 

The degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the
agricultural industry and other factors. 

The distribution channels for crop nutrients have capacity to build significant levels of
inventories. Significant levels of inventories in the distribution channels for crop nutrients can adversely affect our sales volumes and selling prices. 

In order to balance the production needs of crop nutrient producers with farmers’ seasonal use of crop nutrients, crop nutrient distribution channels need to have the capacity to build significant
inventories. The build-up of inventories in the distribution channels can become excessive, particularly during the cyclical periods of low demand that have been typical in the crop nutrient industry. When there are excessive inventories in the
distribution channel, our sales volumes and selling prices can be adversely impacted, even during periods in which farmers’ use of crop nutrients may remain strong. 

Changes in transportation costs can affect our sales volumes and selling prices. 

The cost
of delivery is a significant factor in the total cost to customers and farmers of crop nutrients. As a result, changes in transportation costs or in customer expectations about them can affect our sales volumes and prices. 

29 

Table of Contents

Customer expectations about future events can have a significant effect on the demand for our products.
These expectations can significantly affect our sales volumes and selling prices. 

Customer expectations about future events has had and
is expected to continue to have an effect on the demand and prices for crop nutrients. Future events that may be affected by customer expectations include, among others: 

•

 Customer expectations about future crop nutrient prices and availability. 

Customer expectations about selling prices and availability of crop nutrients has had and is expected to continue to have an effect on
the demand for crop nutrients. When customers anticipate increasing crop nutrient selling prices, customers tend to accumulate inventories before the anticipated price increases. This can result in a lag in our realization of rising market prices
for our products. Conversely, customers tend to delay their purchases when they anticipate future selling prices for crop nutrients will stabilize or decrease, adversely affecting our sales volumes and selling prices. Customer expectations about
availability of crop nutrients can have similar effects on sales volumes and prices. 

•

 Customer expectations about future farmer economics. 

Similarly, customer expectations about future farmer economics has had and is expected to continue to have an effect on the demand for crop nutrients. When customers anticipate improving farmer economics,
customers tend to accumulate crop nutrient inventories in anticipation of increasing sales volumes and selling prices. This can result in a lag in our realization of rising market prices for our products. Conversely, when customers anticipate
declining farmer economics, customers tend to reduce the level of their purchases of crop nutrients, adversely affecting our sales volumes and selling prices. 

•

 Changes in customer expectations about transportation costs. 

As discussed above, increasing transportation costs effectively increase customers’ and farmers’ costs for crop nutrients and
can reduce the amount we realize for our sales. Expectations of decreasing transportation costs can result in customers and farmers anticipating that they may be able to decrease their costs by delaying purchases. As a result, changes in customer
expectations about transportation costs can affect our sales volumes and prices. 

We conduct our operations primarily through a limited
number of key production and distribution facilities. Any disruption at one of these facilities could have a material adverse impact on our business. The risk of material disruption increases when demand for our products results in high operating
rates at our facilities. 

We conduct our operations through a limited number of key production and distribution facilities. These
facilities include our phosphate mines and concentrates plants, our potash mines and the ports and other distribution facilities through which we conduct our business. Any disruption of operations at one of these facilities has the possibility of
significantly affecting our production or our ability to distribute our products. Operating these facilities at high rates during periods of high demand for our products increases the risk of mechanical or structural failures, decreases the time
available for routine maintenance and increases the impact on our operating results from any disruption. A disruption of operations at one of our key facilities could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
condition. 

Insurance market conditions, our loss experience and other factors affect the insurance coverage that we carry, and we are not
fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. As a result, our insurance coverage may not adequately cover our losses. 

We maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance policies, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. We are subject to various
self-retentions and deductibles 

30 

Table of Contents

under these insurance policies. As a result of market conditions, our loss experience and other factors, our premiums, self-retentions and deductibles for insurance policies can increase
substantially and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. In addition, significantly increased costs could lead us to decide to reduce, or possibly eliminate, coverage. As a
result, a disruption of operations at one of our key facilities or a significant casualty could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. 

Important raw materials and energy used in our businesses in the past have been and may in the future be the subject of volatile pricing. Changes in the price of our raw materials could have a material
impact on our businesses. 

Natural gas, ammonia and sulfur are key raw materials used in the manufacture of phosphate crop nutrient
products. Natural gas is used as both a chemical feedstock and a fuel to produce anhydrous ammonia, which is a raw material used in the production of DAP and MAP. Natural gas is also a significant energy source used in the potash solution mining
process. From time to time, our profitability has been and may in the future be impacted by the price and availability of these raw materials and other energy costs. Because most of our products are commodities, there can be no assurance that we
will be able to pass through increased costs to our customers. A significant increase in the price of natural gas, ammonia, sulfur or energy costs that is not recovered through an increase in the price of our related crop nutrients products could
have a material impact on our business. 

During periods when the price for concentrated phosphates is falling because of falling raw
material prices, we may experience a lag in realizing the benefits of the falling raw materials prices. This lag can adversely affect our gross margins and profitability. 

During some periods, changes in market prices for raw materials can lead to changes in the global market prices for concentrated phosphate crop nutrients. In particular, the global market prices for
concentrated phosphate crop nutrients can be affected by changes in the market prices for sulfur, ammonia, phosphate rock and/or phosphoric acid raw materials. Increasing market prices for these raw materials tend to put upward pressure on the
selling prices for concentrated phosphate crop nutrients, and decreasing market prices for these raw materials tend to put downward pressure on selling prices for concentrated phosphate crop nutrients. When the market prices for these raw materials
plunge rapidly, the selling prices for our concentrated phosphate crop nutrients can fall more rapidly than we are able to consume our raw material inventory that we purchased or committed to purchase in the past at higher prices. As a result, our
costs may not fall as rapidly as the selling prices of our products. Until we are able to consume the higher priced raw materials, our gross margins and profitability can be adversely affected. 

During periods when the prices for our products are falling because of falling raw material prices, we could be required to write down the value of
our inventories. Any such write-down would adversely affect our results of operations and the level of our assets. 

We carry our
inventories at the lower of cost or market. In periods when the market prices for our products are falling rapidly in response to falling market prices for raw materials, it is possible that we could be required to write down the value of our
inventories if market prices fall below our costs. Any such write-down would adversely affect our results of operations and the level of our assets. Any such effect could be material. 

Our estimates of future selling prices reflect in part the purchase commitments we have from our customers. As a result, defaults on these existing purchase commitments because of the global or local
economic and financial conditions or for other reasons could adversely affect our estimates of future selling prices and require additional inventory write-downs. 

31 

Table of Contents

In the event of a disruption to existing transportation or terminaling facilities for our products or
raw materials, alternative transportation and terminaling facilities might not have sufficient capacity to fully serve all of our customers or facilities. 

In the event of a disruption of existing transportation or terminaling facilities for our products or raw materials, alternative transportation and terminaling facilities might not have sufficient
capacity to fully serve all of our customers or facilities. 

An extended interruption in delivering of products to our customers or the supply
of natural gas, ammonia or sulfur to our production facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are subject to risks associated with our international sales and operations, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries as well as our operations and assets in foreign
countries. Some of these factors may also make it less attractive to distribute cash generated by our operations outside the United States to our stockholders, or to utilize cash generated by our operations in one country to fund our operations or
repayments of indebtedness in another country or to support other corporate purposes. 

For fiscal 2012, we derived approximately 67% of
our net sales from customers located outside of the United States. As a result, we are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: 

•

 difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory environments; 

•

 increased government ownership and regulation of the economy in the countries we serve; 

•

 political and economic instability, including the possibility for civil unrest, inflation and adverse economic conditions resulting from governmental
attempts to reduce inflation, such as imposition of higher interest rates and wage and price controls; 

•

 nationalization of properties by foreign governments; 

•

 the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls, trade barriers or other restrictions; and 

•

 currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies, particularly the Brazilian real and the Canadian dollar.

The occurrence of any of the above in the countries in which we operate or elsewhere could jeopardize or limit our ability
to transact business there and could adversely affect our revenues and operating results and the value of our assets located outside of the United States. 

In addition, tax regulations, currency exchange controls and other restrictions may also make it economically unattractive to: 

•

 distribute cash generated by our operations outside the United States to our stockholders; or 

•

 utilize cash generated by our operations in one country to fund our operations or repayments of indebtedness in another country or to support other
corporate purposes. 

32 

Table of Contents

Our international assets are located in countries with volatile conditions, which could subject us and
our assets to significant risks. 

We are a global business with substantial assets located outside of the United States and Canada. Our
operations in Brazil, Argentina, Chile, China and India are a fundamental part of our business, and we have a joint venture investment in the Miski Mayo mine in Peru that supplies phosphate rock to us. Volatile economic, political and market
conditions in these and other emerging market countries may have a negative impact on our operations, operating results and financial condition. 

As of the date of this report, there are ongoing protests against several other mining operations in Peru. If these protests were to extend to the Miski Mayo mine, they could adversely affect our
investment in the Miski Mayo joint venture or the supply of phosphate rock to us from the mine. 

Adverse weather conditions, including the
impact of potential hurricanes and excess rainfall, have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our operations, particularly our Phosphates business, and result in increased costs, decreased production and potential liabilities.

Adverse weather conditions, including the impact of potential hurricanes and excess rainfall, have in the past and may in the future
adversely affect our operations, particularly our Phosphates business. In the past, hurricanes have resulted in minor physical damage to our facilities in Florida and Louisiana. In addition, a release of phosphoric acid process wastewater at our
Riverview, Florida facility during a hurricane resulted in a small civil fine, as well as a private class action lawsuit and claims for natural resource damages by governmental agencies. 

More significantly, water treatment costs, particularly at our Florida operations, due to high water balances tend to increase significantly following excess rainfall from hurricanes and other adverse
weather. Some of our Florida facilities have high water levels that may, from time to time, require treatment. The high water balances at phosphate facilities in Florida also led the Florida Department of Environmental Protection to adopt new rules
requiring phosphate production facilities to meet more stringent process water management objectives for phosphogypsum management systems. 

If
additional excess rainfall or hurricanes continue to occur in coming years, our facilities may be required to take additional measures to manage process water to comply with existing or future requirements and these measures could potentially have a
material effect on our business and financial condition. 

Adverse weather may also cause a loss of production due to disruptions in our supply
chain. For example, oil refineries that supply sulfur to us can be closed as a result of a hurricane and incoming shipments of ammonia can be delayed, disrupting production at our Florida or Louisiana facilities. 

Our operations are dependent on having the required permits and approvals from governmental authorities. Denial or delay by a government agency in
issuing any of our permits and approvals or imposition of restrictive conditions on us with respect to these permits and approvals may impair our business and operations. 

We hold numerous governmental environmental, mining and other permits and approvals authorizing operations at each of our facilities. A decision by a government agency to revoke or substantially modify an
existing permit or approval could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue operations at the affected facility. 

Expansion of
our operations also is predicated upon securing the necessary environmental or other permits or approvals. Over the next several years, we and our subsidiaries will be continuing our efforts to obtain permits in support of our anticipated Florida
mining operations at certain of our properties. 

A denial of, or delay in issuing, these permits, the issuance of permits with
cost-prohibitive conditions, legal actions that prevent us from relying on permits or revocation of permits, could prevent us from mining at these properties and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

33 

Table of Contents

For example: 

•

 In Florida, local community participation has become an important factor in the permitting process for mining companies, and various local counties and
other parties in Florida have in the past and continue to file lawsuits challenging the issuance of some of the permits we require. In fiscal 2009, in connection with our efforts to permit an extension of our Four Corners, Florida, phosphate rock
mine, non-governmental organizations for the first time filed a lawsuit in federal court against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (“Corps
”) with respect to its actions in issuing a federal wetlands permit. The federal
wetlands permit issued by the Corps has remained in effect. Mining on the extension commenced and approximately 600 acres were mined and/or disturbed. The remaining 1,200 acres of this extension of our Four Corners mine are not currently in our
near-term mining plan and we have moved the dragline that had been mining it to another area of our Four Corners mine. This lawsuit remains pending before the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Jacksonville Division.

•

 Delays in receiving a federal wetlands permit impacted the scheduled progression of mining activities for the extension of our South Fort Meade,
Florida, phosphate rock mine into Hardee County. As a result, we began to idle a portion of our mining equipment at the mine in the latter part of fiscal 2010. In June 2010, the Corps issued the federal wetlands permit. Subsequently, certain
non-governmental organizations filed another lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Jacksonville Division, contesting the issuance of this federal wetlands permit, alleging that the Corps’ actions in
issuing the permit violated several federal laws relating to the protection of the environment. Preliminary injunctions entered into in connection with this lawsuit resulted in shutdowns or reduced production at our South Fort Meade mine until April
2012. Following a settlement of the lawsuit in February 2012 and court approval, we will be able to resume full production at our South Fort Meade mine by end of first quarter of fiscal 2013. 

The periods of shutdown and reduced phosphate rock production at our South Fort Meade mine resulted in costs to suspend operations and
idle plant costs. Lower phosphate rock mining production levels also adversely affected gross margin. 

•

 In fiscal 2011, we were notified by the Corps that it planned to conduct an area-wide environmental impact statement (“AEIS
”)
for the central Florida phosphate district. On June 1, 2012 the Corps published notice of availability of the draft AEIS in the Federal Register. The Corps has announced that it will accept public comment on the draft AEIS through
July 31, 2012. The Corps’ current schedule calls for it to issue the AEIS in December 2012. This AEIS is expected to include information on environmental impacts upon which the Corps would rely in its consideration of our pending
federal wetlands permits for our future Ona and DeSoto mines and an extension of our Wingate mine. We cannot predict the scope or actual timeline for this process, or what its outcome will be. Although we do not currently expect the outcome of the
AEIS to materially influence the conditions of future federal wetlands permits for our mining in central Florida, a protracted timeline for this process could delay our future permitting efforts. 

We have included additional discussion about permitting for our phosphate mines in Florida under “Environmental, Health and Safety
Matters—Permitting” in our Management’s Analysis and in Note 22 of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

34 

Table of Contents

We are subject to financial assurance requirements as part of our routine business operations. These
financial assurance requirements affect our costs and increase our liquidity requirements. If we were unable to satisfy applicable financial assurance requirements, we might not be able to obtain or maintain permits we need to operate our business
as we have in the past. Our need to comply with these requirements could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

In many cases, as a condition to procuring or maintaining permits and approvals or otherwise, we are required to comply with financial assurance regulatory requirements. The purpose of these requirements
is to provide comfort to the government that sufficient funds will be available for the ultimate closure, post-closure care and/or reclamation of our facilities. In most cases, these financial assurance requirements have historically been satisfied
without the need for any expenditure of corporate funds to the extent our financial statements meet certain balance sheet and income statement financial strength tests. In the event that we are unable to satisfy these financial strength tests, we
must utilize alternative methods of complying with the financial assurance requirements or could be subject to enforcement proceedings brought by relevant government agencies. Potential alternative methods of compliance include negotiating a consent
decree that imposes alternative financial assurance or other conditions or, alternatively, providing credit support in the form of cash escrows, surety bonds from insurance companies, letters of credit from banks, or other forms of financial
instruments or collateral to satisfy the financial assurance requirements. Use of these alternative means of financial assurance imposes additional expense on us. Some of them, such as letters of credit, also use a portion of our available
liquidity. Other alternative means of financial assurance, such as surety bonds, may in some cases require collateral and generally require us to obtain a discharge of the bonds or to post additional collateral (typically in the form of cash or
letters of credit) at the request of the issuer of the bonds. Collateral that is required may be in many forms including letters of credit or other financial instruments that utilize a portion of our available liquidity, or in the form of assets
such as real estate, which reduces our flexibility to manage or sell assets. In the past, we have also not always been able to satisfy applicable financial strength tests, and in the future, it is possible that we will not be able to pass the
applicable financial strength tests, negotiate consent decrees, establish escrow accounts or obtain letters of credit, surety bonds or other financial instruments on acceptable terms and conditions or at a reasonable cost, or that the form and/or
cost of compliance could increase, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. We have included additional discussion about financial assurance requirements under “Off Balance Sheet
Arrangements and Obligations—Other Commercial Commitments” in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The other environmental regulations to which we are subject may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition to permitting and financial assurance requirements, we are subject to numerous other environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in
the U.S., Canada, China, Brazil and other countries where we operate. These laws and regulations govern a wide range of matters, including environmental controls, land reclamation, discharges to air and water and remediation of hazardous substance
releases. They significantly affect our operating activities as well as the level of our operating costs and capital expenditures. In some international jurisdictions, environmental laws change frequently and it may be difficult for us to determine
if we are in compliance with all material environmental laws at any given time. 

We are, and may in the future be, involved in legal and
regulatory proceedings that could be material to us. These proceedings include “legacy” matters arising from activities of our predecessor companies and from facilities and businesses that we have never owned or operated. 

We have in the past been, are currently and may in the future be subject to legal and regulatory proceedings that could be material to our business,
results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. These proceedings may be brought by the government or private parties and may arise out of a variety of matters, including: 

•

 Allegations by the government or private parties that we have violated the permitting, financial assurance or other environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations discussed above. For example, 

35 

Table of Contents

the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is engaged in an ongoing review of mineral processing industries, including us and other phosphoric acid producers, under the U.S. Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act. We are also involved in other proceedings alleging that, or to review whether, we have violated environmental laws in the United States and Brazil. 

•

 Other environmental, health and safety matters, including alleged personal injury, wrongful death, property damage, subsidence from mining operations,
natural resource damages and other damage to the environment, arising out of operations, including accidents. For example, several actions were initiated by the government and private parties related to releases of phosphoric acid process wastewater
at our Riverview, Florida facility during the hurricanes in 2004. 

•

 Antitrust, commercial, tax and other disputes. For example, we are currently one of a number of defendants in multiple class-action lawsuits, in which
the plaintiffs seek unspecified amounts of damages including treble damages, alleging that we and other defendants conspired to, among other matters, fix the price at which potash was sold in the United States, allocated market shares and customers
and fraudulently concealed their anticompetitive conduct. 

The legal and regulatory proceedings to which we are currently or
may in the future be subject can, depending on the circumstances, result in monetary damage awards, fines, penalties, other liabilities, injunctions or other court or administrative rulings that interrupt, impede or otherwise materially affect our
business operations, and/or criminal sanctions. 

Among other environmental laws, the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
and Liability Act (“CERCLA
”) imposes liability, including for cleanup costs, without regard to fault or to the legality of a party’s conduct, on certain categories of persons, including current and former owners and
operators of a site and parties who are considered to have contributed to the release of “hazardous substances” into the environment. Under CERCLA, or various U.S. state analogs, one party may, under certain circumstances, be required to
bear more than its proportional share of cleanup costs at a site where it has liability if payments cannot be obtained from other responsible parties. As a crop nutrient company working with chemicals and other hazardous substances, we will
periodically incur liabilities and cleanup costs, under CERCLA and other environmental laws, with regard to our current or former facilities, adjacent or nearby third-party facilities or offsite disposal locations. 

Pending and potential legal and regulatory proceedings may arise out of our present activities, including operations at current facilities. They may also
arise out of past activities by us, our predecessor companies and subsidiaries that our predecessors have sold. These past activities were in some cases at facilities that we and our subsidiaries no longer own or operate and may have never owned or
operated. 

We have included additional information with respect to pending legal and regulatory proceedings in Note 22 of our
Consolidated Financial Statements and in this report in Part I, Item 3, “Legal Proceedings”. 

These legal and regulatory
proceedings involve inherent uncertainties and could negatively impact our business, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 

The permitting, financial assurance and other environmental, health and safety laws and regulations to which we are subject may become more stringent
over time. This could increase the effects on us of these laws and regulations, and the increased effects could be material. 

Continued
government and public emphasis on environmental, health and safety issues in the U.S., Canada, China, Brazil and other countries where we operate can be expected to result in requirements that apply to us and our operations that are more stringent
than those that are described above and elsewhere in this report. These more stringent requirements may include among other matters increased levels of future investments and 

36 

Table of Contents

expenditures for environmental controls at ongoing operations which will be charged against income from future operations, increased levels of the financial assurance requirements to which we are
subject, increased efforts or costs to obtain permits or denial of permits, other new or interpretations of existing statutes or regulations that impose new or more stringent restrictions or liabilities, including liabilities under CERCLA or similar
statutes, including restrictions or liabilities related to elevated levels of naturally-occurring radiation that arise from disturbing the ground in the course of mining activities, and other matters that could increase our expenses, capital
requirements or liabilities or adversely affect our business, liquidity or financial condition. In addition, to the extent restrictions imposed in countries where our competitors operate, such as China, India, Former Soviet Union countries or
Morocco, are less stringent than in the countries where we operate, our competitors could gain cost or other competitive advantages over us. These effects could be material. 

Among other matters, there are several ongoing initiatives relating to nutrient discharges. New regulatory restrictions from these initiatives could have a material effect on either us or our customers.
For example: 

•

 On December 6, 2010, the EPA adopted numeric water quality standards for the discharge of nitrogen and/or phosphorus into Florida lakes and
streams (the “NNC Rule
”). The NNC Rule set criteria for such discharges that would require drastic reductions in the levels of nutrients allowed in Florida lakes and streams, and would have required us and others to
significantly limit discharges of these nutrients in Florida by March, 2012. Subsequently, in a lawsuit that we and others brought, a federal court invalidated the NNC Rule in part, upheld it in part, remanded the invalid parts of the rule to the
EPA for reconsideration and reproposal and postponed to July 2012 the effective date of the parts of the rule that the court upheld. The EPA has proposed further postponing the effective date of the NNC Rule and the Florida Department of
Environmental Protection (“
FDEP
”) has adopted state rules that, if approved by the EPA, could supplant many of the requirements of the NNC Rule. We cannot predict whether the FDEP rule will be approved in whole or in part by
the EPA or when or the extent to which it will affect us. Subject to the EPA’s reconsideration of the remanded portion of its rule and consideration of the FDEP rule, and further litigation developments, we expect that compliance with the
requirements of the NNC Rule could adversely affect our Florida Phosphate operations, require significant capital expenditures and substantially increase our annual operating expenses. 

•

 The Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration Task Force, established by executive order of the President and comprised of five Gulf states and eleven federal
agencies, has delivered a final strategy for long-term ecosystem restoration for the Gulf Coast. The strategy calls for, among other matters, reduction of the flow of excess nutrients into the Gulf through state nutrient reduction frameworks, new
nutrient reduction approaches and reduction of agricultural and urban sources of excess nutrients. Implementation of the strategy will require legislative or regulatory action at the state level. We cannot predict what the requirements of any such
legislative or regulatory action could be or whether or how it would affect us or our customers. 

•

 In March 2012, several nongovernmental organizations brought a lawsuit in federal court against the EPA, seeking to require it to establish numeric
nutrient criteria for nitrogen and phosphorous in the Mississippi River basin and the Gulf of Mexico. The EPA had previously denied a 2008 petition seeking such standards. On May 30, 2012, the court granted our motion to intervene in this
lawsuit. In the event that the EPA were to adopt such a rule, we cannot predict what its requirements would be or the effects it would have on us or our customers. 

Regulatory restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions in the United States, Canada or elsewhere could adversely affect us, and these effects could be material. 

Various governmental initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions are under way or under consideration around the world. These initiatives could
restrict our operating activities, require us to make changes in our operating activities that would increase our operating costs, reduce our efficiency or limit our output, require us to make

37 

Table of Contents

capital improvements to our facilities, increase our energy, raw material and transportation costs or limit their availability, or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity
or capital resources, and these effects could be material to us. 

Governmental greenhouse gas emission
initiatives include among others: 

•

 Initiatives in the United States: Various legislative or regulatory initiatives relating to greenhouse gases have been adopted or considered by
the U.S. Congress, the EPA or various states. It is possible that future legislation or regulation addressing climate change could adversely affect our operating activities, energy, raw material and transportation costs, results of operations,
liquidity or capital resources, and these effects could be material. 

•

 Initiatives in Canada: While the Canadian federal government has withdrawn from the Kyoto Protocol, Canada remains committed to significant
greenhouse gas reductions. Public announcements have indicated that future federal targets will align with the previously stated reduction targets for 2020 of 17 % below 2005 levels through a sector-by-sector approach aligned with the
United States, where appropriate. Our Saskatchewan Potash facilities continue to work with the Canadian Fertilizer Institute and Environment Canada on a sector based approach. 

In May 2009, the Province of Saskatchewan, in which our Canadian potash mines are located, began to consider legislation intended to lead
to the development and administration of climate change regulation in Saskatchewan by the Province rather than the federal government. Key elements under consideration by the Province include a primary focus on achieving the 20% reduction by 2020
through technological advancements and creation of a Technology Fund to finance low-carbon investments by regulated emitters. As part of this initiative, a Climate Change Foundation will be established to fund research and development projects
related to reducing and avoiding greenhouse gas emissions, water conservation, biodiversity conservation, energy efficiency, adaptation planning, and education and public awareness. 

•

 International Initiatives. Although international negotiations concerning greenhouse gas emission reductions and other responses to climate
change are underway, final obligations in the post-Kyoto Protocol period after 2012 remain undefined. Any new international agreements addressing climate change could adversely affect our operating activities, energy, raw material and
transportation costs, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources, and these effects could be material. In addition, to the extent climate change restrictions imposed in countries where our competitors operate, such as China, India, Former
Soviet Union countries or Morocco, are less stringent than in the United States or Canada, our competitors could gain cost or other competitive advantages over us. 

Future climate change could adversely affect us. 

The prospective impact of potential
climate change on our operations and those of our customers and farmers remains uncertain. Some scientists have hypothesized that the impacts of climate change could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels,
changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels and that these changes could be severe. These impacts could vary by geographic location. At the present time, we cannot predict the prospective impact of potential climate
change on our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources, or whether any such effects could be material to us. 

Some of our
competitors and potential competitors have greater resources than we do which may place us at a competitive disadvantage and adversely affect our sales and profitability. These competitors include state-owned and government-subsidized entities in
other countries. 

We compete with a number of producers in North America and throughout the world, including state-owned and
government-subsidized entities. Some of these entities may have greater total resources than we do, and may be 

38 

Table of Contents

less dependent on earnings from crop nutrients sales than we are. In addition, some of these entities may have access to lower cost or government-subsidized natural gas supplies, placing us at a
competitive disadvantage. Furthermore, governments as owners of some of our competitors may be willing to accept lower prices and profitability on their products in order to support domestic employment or other political or social goals. To the
extent other producers of crop nutrients enjoy competitive advantages or are willing to accept lower profit levels, the price of our products, our sales volumes and our profits may be adversely affected. 

We have substantial cash balances that we invest in what we believe to be relatively short-term, highly liquid and high credit quality investments. We
intend the investment risks, including counterparty default and lack of liquidity, on these types of investments to be relatively low, but market rates of return on these types of investments are also generally relatively low. In addition, our
efforts to manage the investment risks could be unsuccessful. This could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 

Our significant cash flows from operations have resulted in cash and cash-equivalents of approximately $3.8 billion as of May 31, 2012. Our cash and cash-equivalents should continue to increase when
we generate cash from operations, except to the extent we reinvest in our business or make distributions to our stockholders. We generally invest these cash and cash-equivalents in what we believe to be relatively short-term, highly liquid and high
credit quality instruments. Because of these characteristics of our cash and cash-equivalents, the market rates of return on them are lower than our expectations for the return on capital invested in our business operations. Moreover, our efforts to
manage investment risk by focusing our investing on short-term, highly liquid and high credit quality investments could prove unsuccessful. The likelihood that our efforts to manage investment risk might prove unsuccessful is heightened during times
when there is significant turmoil in the financial markets. As a result, counterparties could default on their obligations to us, or the liquidity of financial instruments that we hold could become impaired. Any such event could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 

We do not own a controlling equity interest in our
non-consolidated companies, some of which are foreign companies, and therefore our operating results and cash flow may be materially affected by how the governing boards and majority owners operate such businesses. There may also be limitations on
monetary distributions from these companies that are outside of our control. Together, these factors may lower our equity earnings or cash flow from such businesses and negatively impact our results of operations. 

We hold minority ownership interests in a joint venture that owns and operates a phosphate rock mine and in other companies that are not controlled by
us. The operations or results of some of these companies are significant to us, and their operations can affect our earnings. Because we do not control these companies either at the board or stockholder levels and because local laws in foreign
jurisdictions and contractual obligations may place restrictions on monetary distributions by these companies, we cannot ensure that these companies will operate efficiently, pay dividends, or generally follow the desires of our management by virtue
of our board or stockholder representation. As a result, these companies may contribute less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flow, negatively impacting our results of operations and liquidity. 

Strikes or other forms of work stoppage or slowdown could disrupt our business and lead to increased costs. 

Our financial performance is dependent on a reliable and productive work force. A significant portion of our workforce is covered by collective
bargaining agreements with unions. Unsuccessful contract negotiations or adverse labor relations could result in strikes or slowdowns. Any disruptions may decrease our production and sales or impose additional costs to resolve disputes. The risk of
adverse labor relations may increase as our profitability increases because labor unions’ expectations and demands generally rise at those times. 

39 

Table of Contents

Accidents occurring in the course of our operating activities could result in significant liabilities,
interruptions or shutdowns of facilities or the need for significant safety or other expenditures. 

We engage in mining and industrial
activities that can result in serious accidents. Mining, in particular, can be a dangerous activity. If our safety procedures are not effective, or if an accident occurs, we could be subject to liabilities arising out of personal injuries or death,
our operations could be interrupted and we might have to shut down or abandon affected facilities. Accidents could cause us to expend significant amounts to remediate safety issues or to repair damaged facilities. For example: 

•

 Our Esterhazy mine has had an inflow of salt saturated brine for more than 25 years. At various times, we have experienced changing amounts and
patterns of brine inflows at the mine. The Esterhazy mine is not insured against the risk of floods and water inflows and the costs to control the brine inflows could increase in the future. The brine inflows, risk to employees or remediation costs
could also cause us to change our mining processes or abandon this mine, which in turn could significantly negatively impact our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 

Since December 1985, we have had inflows of salt saturated brine into our Esterhazy, Saskatchewan mine. Over the past century, several
potash mines experiencing water inflow problems have flooded. In order to control brine inflows at Esterhazy, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenditures, certain of which, due to their nature, have been capitalized, while others have
been charged to expense. 

At various times, we experience changing amounts and patterns of brine inflows at the Esterhazy
mine. Periodically, some of these inflows have exceeded available pumping capacity. If that were to continue for several months without abatement, it could exceed our available storage capacity and ability to effectively manage the brine inflow.
This could adversely affect production at the Esterhazy mine. See “Key Factors that can Affect Results of Operations and Financial Condition” and “Potash Net Sales and Gross Margin” in our Management’s Analysis for a
discussion of costs and other information relating to the brine inflows. The brine inflow is variable, resulting in both net inflows (the rate of inflow less the amount we are pumping out of the mine) and net outflows (when we are pumping more brine
out of the mine than the rate of inflow). There can be no assurance that: 

•

 our pumping, surface storage, underground storage or injection well capacities for brine will continue to be sufficient, or that the pumping, grouting
and other measures that we use to manage the inflows at the Esterhazy mine will continue to be effective; 

•

 there will not be a disruption in the supply of calcium chloride, which is a primary material used to reduce or prevent the flow of incoming brine;

•

 our estimates of the volumes of net inflows or net outflows of brine, or storage capacity for brine at the Esterhazy mine, are accurate;

•

 the volumes of the brine inflows will not fluctuate from time to time, the rate of the brine inflows will not be greater than our current assumptions,
changes in inflow patterns will not adversely affect our ability to locate and manage the inflows, or that any such fluctuations, increases or changes would not be material; and 

•

 the expenditures to control the inflows will be consistent with our prior experience or future estimates. 

It is possible that the costs of remedial efforts at Esterhazy may further increase beyond our current estimates in the future and that
such an increase could be material, or, in the extreme scenario, that the water inflows, risk to employees or remediation costs may increase to a level which would cause us to change our mining processes or abandon the mine. 

40 

Table of Contents

Due to the ongoing brine inflow at Esterhazy, underground operations at this facility are
currently not insurable for water incursion problems. Our mines at Colonsay, Saskatchewan, and Carlsbad, New Mexico, are also subject to the risks of inflow of water as a result of our shaft mining operations. 

•

 Some of our mines are subject to potential damage from earthquakes. 

The excavation of mines can result in potential seismic events or can increase the likelihood or potential severity of a seismic event.
The rise and fall of water levels, such as those arising from the brine inflows and our remediation activities at our Esterhazy mine, can also result in or increase the likelihood or potential severity of a seismic event. Our Esterhazy mine has
experienced minor seismic events from time to time. A significant seismic event at one of our mines could result in damage to or flooding of the mine or, in the extreme scenario, cause us to change our mining process or abandon the mine. 

•

 Our underground potash shaft mines are subject to risk from fire. In the event of a fire, if our emergency procedures are not successful, we could
have significant injuries or deaths. In addition, fire at one of our underground shaft mines could halt our operations at the affected mine while we investigate the origin of the fire or for longer periods for remedial work or otherwise.

Our underground potash shaft mines at Esterhazy and Colonsay, Saskatchewan and Carlsbad, New Mexico are
subject to risk from fire. Any failure of our safety procedures in the future could result in serious injuries or death, or shutdowns, which could result in significant liabilities and/or impact on the financial performance of our Potash business,
including a possible material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 

•

 We handle significant quantities of ammonia at several of our facilities. If our safety procedures are not effective, an accident involving our
ammonia operations could result in serious injuries or death, or result in the shutdown of our facilities. 

We produce ammonia at our Faustina, Louisiana phosphate concentrates plant, use ammonia in significant quantities at all of our Florida and Louisiana phosphates concentrates plants and store ammonia at
some of our distribution facilities. For our Florida phosphates concentrates plants, ammonia is received at terminals in Tampa and transported by pipelines to our facilities. Our ammonia is generally stored and transported at high pressures. An
accident could occur that could result in serious injuries or death, or the evacuation of areas near an accident. An accident could also result in property damage or the shutdown of our Florida or Louisiana phosphates concentrates plants, the
ammonia terminals or pipelines serving those plants or our other ammonia storage and handling facilities. As a result, an accident involving ammonia could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition.

•

 We also use or produce other hazardous or volatile chemicals at some of our facilities. If our safety procedures are not effective, an accident
involving these other hazardous or volatile chemicals could result in serious injuries or death, or result in the shutdown of our facilities. 

We use sulfuric acid in the production of concentrated phosphates in our Florida and Louisiana operations. Some of our Florida and Louisiana facilities produce fluorosilicic acid, which is a hazardous
chemical, for resale to third parties. We also use or produce other hazardous or volatile chemicals at some of our facilities. An accident involving any of these chemicals could result in serious injuries or death, or evacuation of areas near an
accident. An accident could also result in property damage or shutdown of our facilities, or cause us to expend significant amounts to remediate safety issues or to repair damaged facilities. As a result, an accident involving any of these chemicals
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 

41 

Table of Contents

Deliberate, malicious acts, including terrorism, could damage our facilities, disrupt our operations or
injure employees, contractors, customers or the public and result in liability to us. 

Intentional acts of destruction could hinder our
sales or production and disrupt our supply chain. Our facilities could be damaged or destroyed, reducing our operational production capacity and requiring us to repair or replace our facilities at substantial cost. Employees, contractors and the
public could suffer substantial physical injury for which we could be liable. Governmental authorities may impose security or other requirements that could make our operations more difficult or costly. The consequences of any such actions could
adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

We may be adversely affected by changing antitrust laws to which we are
subject. Increases in crop nutrient prices can increase the scrutiny to which we are subject under these laws. 

We are subject to
antitrust and competition laws in various countries throughout the world. We cannot predict how these laws or their interpretation, administration and enforcement will change over time. Changes in antitrust laws globally, or in their interpretation,
administration or enforcement, may limit our existing or future operations and growth, or the operations of Canpotex and PhosChem, which serve as export associations for our Potash and Phosphates businesses, respectively. Increases in crop nutrient
prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of the crop nutrient industry under antitrust and competition laws and can increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted, administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our
operating practices or impose liability on us in a manner that could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

We may be adversely affected by other changes in laws resulting from increases in food and crop nutrient prices. 

Increases in prices for, among other things, food, fuel and crop inputs (including crop nutrients) have in the past been the subject of significant
discussion by various governmental bodies and officials throughout the world. In response to increases, it is possible that governments in one of more of the locations in which we operate or where we or our competitors sell our products could take
actions that could affect us. Such actions could include, among other matters, changes in governmental policies relating to agriculture and biofuels (including changes in subsidy levels), price controls, tariffs, windfall profits taxes or export or
import taxes. Any such actions could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Our competitive position
could be adversely affected if we are unable to participate in continuing industry consolidation. 

Most of our products are readily
available from a number of competitors, and price and other competition in the crop nutrient industry is intense. In addition, crop nutrient production facilities and distribution activities frequently benefit from economies of scale. As a result,
particularly during pronounced cyclical troughs, the crop nutrient industry has a long history of consolidation. Mosaic itself is the result of a number of industry consolidations. We expect consolidation among crop nutrient producers could
continue. Our competitive position could suffer to the extent we are not able to expand our own resources either through consolidations, acquisitions, joint ventures or partnerships. In the future, we may not be able to find suitable companies to
combine with, assets to purchase or joint venture or partnership opportunities to pursue. Even if we are able to locate desirable opportunities, we may not be able to enter into transactions on economically acceptable terms. If we do not
successfully participate in continuing industry consolidation, our ability to compete successfully could be adversely affected and result in the loss of customers or an uncompetitive cost structure, which could adversely affect our sales and
profitability. 

42 

Table of Contents

Our strategy for managing market risk may not be effective. 

Our businesses are affected by fluctuations in market prices for our products, the purchase price of natural gas, ammonia and sulfur consumed in
operations, freight and shipping costs and foreign currency exchange rates. We periodically enter into derivatives and forward purchase contracts to mitigate some of these risks. However, our strategy may not be successful in minimizing our exposure
to these fluctuations. See “Market Risk” in our Management’s Analysis and Note 16 of our Consolidated Financial Statements that is incorporated by reference in this report in Part II, Item 8. 

A shortage of railcars, barges and ships for carrying our products and the raw materials we use in our business could result in customer
dissatisfaction, loss of production or sales, and higher transportation or equipment costs. 

We rely heavily upon truck, rail, barge and
ocean freight transportation to obtain the raw materials we need and to deliver our products to our customers. In addition, the cost of transportation is an important part of the final sale price of our products. Finding affordable and dependable
transportation is important in obtaining our raw materials and to supply our customers. Higher costs for these transportation services or an interruption or slowdown due to factors including high demand, high fuel prices, labor disputes, layoffs or
other factors affecting the availability of qualified transportation workers, adverse weather or other environmental events, or changes to rail, barge or ocean freight systems, could negatively affect our ability to produce our products or deliver
them to our customers, which could affect our performance and results of operations. 

Strong demand for grain and other products and a strong
world economy increase the demand for and reduce the availability of transportation, both domestically and internationally. Shortages of railcars, barges and ocean transport for carrying product and increased transit time may result in customer
dissatisfaction, loss of sales and higher equipment and transportation costs. In addition, during periods when the shipping industry has a shortage of ships the substantial time needed to build new ships prevents rapid market response. Delays and
missed shipments due to transportation shortages, including vessels, barges, railcars and trucks, could result in customer dissatisfaction or loss of sales potential, which could negatively affect our performance and results of operations.

A lack of customers’ access to credit can adversely affect their ability to purchase our products. 

Some of our customers require access to credit to purchase our products. A lack of available credit to customers in one or more countries, due to global
or local economic conditions or for other reasons, could adversely affect demand for crop nutrients. 

We extend trade credit to our
customers and guarantee the financing that some of our customers use to purchase our products. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if these customers are unable to repay the trade credit from us or financing from their banks.
Increases in prices for crop nutrient, other agricultural inputs and grain may increase this risk. 

We extend trade credit to our
customers in the United States and throughout the world, in some cases for extended periods of time. In Brazil, where there are fewer third-party financing sources available to farmers, we also have several programs under which we guarantee
customers’ financing from financial institutions that they use to purchase our products. As our exposure to longer trade credit extended throughout the world and use of guarantees in Brazil increases, we are increasingly exposed to the risk
that some of our customers will not pay us or the amounts we have guaranteed. Additionally, we become increasingly exposed to risk due to weather and crop growing conditions, fluctuations in commodity prices or foreign currencies, and other factors
that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities. Significant defaults by our customers could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Increases in prices for crop nutrients increase the dollar amount of our sales to customers. The larger dollar value of our customers’ purchases may also lead them to request longer trade credit from
us and/or increase their need 

43 

Table of Contents

for us to guarantee their financing of our products. Either factor could increase the amount of our exposure to the risk that our customers may be unable to repay the trade credit from us or
financing from their banks that we guarantee. In addition, increases in prices for other agricultural inputs and grain may increase the working capital requirements, indebtedness and other liabilities of our customers, increase the risk that they
will default on the trade credit from us or their financing that we guarantee, and decrease the likelihood that we will be able to collect from our customers in the event of their default. 

Tax rules governing the Cargill Transaction could result in limitations on our ability to execute certain actions for a period of time following the Cargill Transaction and, notwithstanding the IRS
ruling and tax opinion issued to Cargill in connection with the Cargill Transaction, we could owe significant tax-related indemnification liabilities to Cargill. 

The IRS has issued a ruling to the effect that the Split-off that is part of the Cargill Transaction will be tax-free to Cargill and its stockholders, and in connection with the completion of the Cargill
Transaction, Cargill received a tax opinion relating to certain tax consequences of the Cargill Transaction. Notwithstanding the IRS ruling and tax opinion, however, the Split-off and Debt Exchanges could be taxable to Cargill and its stockholders
under certain circumstances. For example, the Split-off and Debt Exchanges would be taxable to Cargill (but not its stockholders) under Section 355(e) of the Code (“Section 355(e)
”) if one or more persons acquire,
directly or indirectly, stock representing a 50% or greater interest (by vote or value) in us as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the Split-off. Therefore, we and Cargill have agreed to tax-related restrictions and
indemnities set forth in a tax agreement related to the Cargill Transaction, under which we may be restricted or deterred from taking certain actions until May 26, 2013, including (i) redeeming or purchasing our stock in excess of
agreed-upon amounts; (ii) issuing any equity securities in excess of agreed upon amounts; (iii) approving or recommending a third party’s acquisition of us; (iv) permitting any merger or other combination of Mosaic or MOS
Holdings; and (v) entering into an agreement for the purchase of any interest in Mosaic or MOS Holdings, subject to certain exceptions. We have agreed to indemnify Cargill for taxes and tax-related losses imposed on Cargill as a result of the
Split-off and/or Debt Exchange failing to qualify as tax-free, if the taxes and related losses are attributable to, arise out of or result from certain prohibited acts or to any breach of, or inaccuracy in, any representation, warranty or covenant
made by us in the tax agreement referred to above. The taxes and tax-related losses of Cargill would be material if these transactions fail to qualify as tax-free, and so this indemnity would result in material liabilities from us to Cargill that
could have a material adverse effect on us. For a further discussion of the restrictions and indemnities set forth in the agreements related to the Cargill Transaction, please see Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Limitations on equity issuances, buybacks and other actions. 

The agreements relating to the Cargill Transaction restrict our ability to take certain actions, including making certain equity issuances or undertaking share buybacks. These restrictions and limitations
apply until May 26, 2013 and, in the case of share buybacks, November 26, 2013. These restrictions and limitations may prevent us from pursuing business opportunities that may arise prior to expiration of such restrictions and limitations.
Please see Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of these restrictions and limitations. In addition, we are restricted from buying shares of Class A Common Stock at a premium to the then-current market price of the
Common Stock. 

Stock sales following the Split-off may affect the stock price of our common stock. 

The agreements relating to the Cargill Transaction provide for the possibility of another series of underwritten secondary public offerings, which would
begin no earlier than May 26, 2013, with respect to our shares received by Exchanging Cargill Stockholders (including shares received but not previously sold by the MAC Trusts). This second series of underwritten secondary public offerings is
expected to be completed, at the latest, by October 26, 2015. These sales could result in downward pressure on the stock price of our common stock. 

44 

Table of Contents

Provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of Delaware law may prevent or
delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 

Our restated certificate of
incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult or discouraging an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. These provisions include the ability of our
board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, the classification of our board of directors into three classes, a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent and the inability of our stockholders to request that
our board of directors or chairman of our board call a special meeting of stockholders. 

We are also subject to Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a period of three years from the date of
the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained this status with the approval of the board of directors or unless the business combination was approved in a prescribed manner. A
“business combination” includes mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to exceptions, an “interested stockholder” is a person who, together with
affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years owned, 15% or more of the corporation’s voting stock. This statute could prohibit or delay the accomplishment of mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts with respect to us
and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire us. 

These provisions apply not only when they may protect our stockholders from coercive
or otherwise unfair takeover tactics but even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in our best interests or those of our stockholders.

Our success will increasingly depend on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified and motivated employees. 

We believe our continued success depends on the collective abilities and efforts of our employees. Like many businesses, a significant number of our
employees, including some of our most highly skilled employees with specialized expertise in potash and phosphates operations, will be approaching retirement age throughout the next decade and beyond. In addition, we compete for a talented workforce
with other businesses, particularly within the mining and chemicals industries in general and the crop nutrients industry in particular. Our expansion plans are highly dependent on our ability to attract, retain and train highly qualified and
motivated employees who are essential to the success of our ongoing operations as well as to our expansion plans. If we were to be unsuccessful in attracting, retaining and training the employees we require, our ongoing operations and expansion
plans could be materially and adversely affected. 

Future technological innovation could affect our business. 

Future technological innovation such as the development of seeds that require less crop nutrients, or developments in the application of crop nutrients,
if they occur, could have the potential to adversely affect the demand for our products and our results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. 

The success of our Potash expansion plans and other strategic initiatives depends on our ability to effectively manage these initiatives. 

We have initiated several significant strategic initiatives, principally our plans to expand the annual production capacity of our Potash business by more than five million tonnes of finished product by
2020. These strategic initiatives involve capital and other expenditures of several billions of dollars over a number of years and require effective project management. To the extent the processes we put in place to manage these
initiatives are not effective, our capital expenditure and other costs may exceed our expectations or the benefits we expect from these initiatives might not be fully realized. 

45 

Table of Contents