You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Some of these risks relate principally to our business and the industry in which we operate, while others relate principally to our Spinoff from Marathon Oil, the ownership of our common stock and
securities markets generally. 

Our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be
materially and adversely affected by any of these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 

Risks
Relating to Our Industry and Our Business 

A substantial or extended decline in refining and marketing gross margins
would reduce our operating results and cash flows and could materially adversely impact our future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets. 

Our operating results, cash flows, future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products. The measure of the difference between
market prices for refined products and crude oil, or crack spread, is commonly used by the industry as a proxy for refining and marketing gross margins. Historically, refining and marketing gross margins have been volatile, and we believe they will
continue to be volatile in the future. Our margins and cost of producing gasoline and other refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil. We do not produce crude oil and must purchase all of the crude
oil we refine. The price of crude oil and the price at which we can sell our refined products may fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market conditions. The overall change in crack spreads will impact our refining and
marketing gross margins. Many of the factors influencing the change in crack spreads and refining and marketing gross margins are beyond our control. These factors include: 

•

 worldwide and domestic supplies of and demand for crude oil and refined products; 

•

 the cost of crude oil to be manufactured into refined products; 

•

 utilization rates of refineries; 

•

 natural gas and electricity supply costs incurred by refineries; 

•

 the ability of the members of OPEC to agree to and maintain production controls; 

•

 political instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions; 

•

 local weather conditions; 

•

 natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornados; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative and competing forms of energy; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; and 

•

 local, regional, national and worldwide economic conditions. 

Some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have long-term effects.
The long-term effects of these and other factors on refining and marketing gross margins are uncertain. 

21 

Table of Contents

We purchase our refinery feedstocks weeks before refining and selling the refined products.
Price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks could have a significant effect on our financial results. We also purchase refined products manufactured by others for sale to
our customers. Price level changes during the periods between purchasing and selling those refined products also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Lower refining and marketing gross margins may reduce the amount of refined product that we produce, which may reduce our revenues,
operating income and cash flows. Significant reductions in refining and marketing gross margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures or impair the carrying value of our assets. 

The availability of crude oil and increases in crude oil prices may reduce our profitability and refining and marketing gross margin.

The profitability of our operations depends largely on the difference between the cost of crude oil and other feedstocks
that we refine and the selling prices we obtain for refined products. A portion of our crude oil is purchased from various foreign national oil companies, producing companies and trading companies, including suppliers from the Middle East. These
purchases are subject to political, geographic and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in that area of the world. Our overall profitability could be materially adversely affected by the availability of supply and rising
crude oil and other feedstock prices that we do not recover in the marketplace. Refining and marketing gross margins historically have been volatile and vary with the level of economic activity in various marketing areas, the regulatory climate,
logistical capabilities and the available supply of refined products. Our overall profitability could be materially adversely affected by factors that affect those margins, such as rising refined product prices that we are not able to recover in the
retail marketplace. 

Changes in environmental or other laws or regulations may reduce our refining and marketing gross margin.

Various environmental, safety, health, security, marketing and pricing laws and regulations have imposed, and are expected
to continue to impose, increasingly stringent and costly requirements on our operations, which may reduce our refining and marketing gross margin. Environmental laws and regulations, in particular, are subject to frequent change, and many of them
have become and will continue to become more stringent. 

We believe it is likely that the scientific and political attention
to issues concerning the extent of, causes of, and responsibility for climate change will continue, with the potential for further laws and regulations that could affect our operations. Currently, various legislative and regulatory measures to
address greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxides) are in various phases of review, discussion or implementation in the United States. These include EPA programs to control greenhouse gas emissions and state
actions to develop statewide or regional programs, each of which could impose reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. These actions could result in increased (1) costs to operate and maintain our facilities, (2) capital expenditures to
install new emission controls on our facilities and (3) costs to administer and manage any potential greenhouse gas emissions regulations or carbon trading or tax programs. Although uncertain, these developments could increase our costs, reduce
the demand for the products we sell and create delays in our obtaining air pollution permits for new or modified facilities. 

Increases in fuel mileage standards and renewable fuels mandates may reduce demand for refined products. Tax incentives and other
subsidies have made renewable fuels more competitive with refined products than they otherwise would have been, which may have reduced and may further reduce refined product margins and their ability to compete with renewable fuels. In 2007, the
U.S. Congress passed the EISA, which, among other things, sets a target of 35 miles per gallon for the combined fleet of cars and light trucks in the United States by model year 2020, and contains a second Renewable Fuel Standard commonly referred
to as RFS2. In December 2011, the EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration jointly proposed regulations that would establish average industry fleet fuel economy standards as high as 49.6 miles per gallon by model year 2025. The

22 

Table of Contents

RFS2 was 13.95 billion gallons of renewable fuel in 2011, and will increase to 36.0 billion gallons in 2022. In the near term, the RFS2 will be satisfied primarily with fuel ethanol blended into
gasoline. The RFS2 presents production and logistics challenges for both the fuel ethanol and petroleum refining industries. The RFS2 has required, and may in the future continue to require, additional capital expenditures or expenses by us to
accommodate increased fuel ethanol use. Within the overall 36.0 billion gallon RFS2, the EISA established an advanced biofuel RFS2 volume of 1.35 billion gallons in 2011 and increases to 21.0 billion gallons in 2022. Subsets within the advanced
biofuel RFS2 include 0.08 billion gallons of biomass-based diesel in 2011, which is capped at 1.0 billion gallons beginning in 2012, and 0.25 billion gallons of cellulosic biofuel in 2011, increasing to 16.0 billion gallons by 2022. The EPA
determined that 0.25 billion gallons of cellulosic biofuel would not be produced in 2011 and has lowered the requirement to 6.6 million gallons. The advanced biofuels programs will present specific challenges in that we may have to enter into
arrangements with other parties to meet our obligations to use advanced biofuels, including biomass-based diesel and cellulosic biofuel, with potentially uncertain supplies of these new fuels. There will be compliance costs and uncertainties
regarding how we will comply with the various requirements contained in this law and related regulations. We may experience a decrease in demand for refined petroleum products due to an increase in combined fleet mileage or due to refined petroleum
products being replaced by renewable fuels. 

Our operations and those of our predecessors could expose us to civil claims by
third parties for alleged liability resulting from contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of crude oil, motor fuel and other substances. For example, we have been, and presently are, a defendant in a lawsuit
involving products liability and other claims related to alleged contamination of groundwater with the gasoline oxygenate methyl tertiary butyl ether (“MTBE”). We may become involved in further litigation or other proceedings, or we may be
held responsible in existing or future litigation or proceedings, the costs of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have in the past operated convenience stores with underground storage tanks (“USTs”), in various jurisdictions, and are
currently operating convenience stores that have USTs in numerous states in the United States. Federal and state regulations and legislation govern the USTs, and compliance with those requirements can be costly. The operation of USTs also poses
certain other risks, including damages associated with soil and groundwater contamination. Leaks from USTs which may occur at one or more of our convenience stores, or which may have occurred at our previously operated convenience stores, may impact
soil or groundwater and could result in substantial cleanup costs, fines or civil liability for us. The discovery of additional contamination or the imposition of additional cleanup obligations at these or other convenience stores in the future
could result in significant additional costs. 

We have in the past and will continue to dispose of various wastes at lawful
disposal sites. Environmental laws including CERCLA, and similar state laws can impose liability for the entire cost of cleanup on any responsible party, without regard to negligence or fault, and impose liability on us for the conduct of others or
conditions others have caused, or for our acts that complied with all applicable requirements when we performed them. 

If
foreign ownership of our stock exceeds certain levels, we could be prohibited from operating inland river vessels, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are subject to a variety of U.S. federal statutes and regulations, including the Shipping Act of 1916, as amended, and the Merchant
Marine Act of 1920, as amended, that govern the ownership and operation of certain vessels used to carry cargo between U.S. ports which we refer to collectively as the Maritime Laws. Generally, the Maritime Laws require that vessels engaged in U.S.
coastwise trade, and corporations operating such vessels, must be owned by U.S. citizens. Although our restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions intended to assure compliance with these provisions of the Maritime Laws, if we fail to
maintain compliance we would be prohibited from operating vessels in the U.S. inland waters during any period in which we did not comply with these regulations. Such a prohibition could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

23 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and in a timely
manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities (including
the upgrading and expansion of our Detroit refinery and improvements and repairs to our other facilities) could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. Delays in making required
changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we produce. Such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond
our control, including: 

•

 denial of or delay in receiving requisite regulatory approvals and/or permits; 

•

 unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor; 

•

 disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials; 

•

 adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our
facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers; 

•

 shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; 

•

 market-related increases in a project’s debt or equity financing costs; and 

•

 nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors. 

Any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects, including the upgrading and expansion
of our Detroit refinery. If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. 

We will continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of
compliance with, and changes in, environmental, health, safety and security laws and regulations, and as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our businesses are subject to numerous laws, regulations and other requirements relating to the protection of the environment, including
those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention, greenhouse gas emissions, and characteristics and composition of gasoline and diesel fuels, as well as laws and regulations relating to public
and employee safety and health, and to facility security. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. To the extent these
expenditures, as is the case with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our operating results will be adversely affected. The specific impact of these laws and regulations on us and our competitors may
vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas, crude oil and feedstock sources and production processes. We may also be required to make expenditures to modify operations, install
pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail operations that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may become subject to liabilities that we currently do
not anticipate in connection with new, amended or more stringent requirements, stricter interpretations of existing requirements or the future discovery of contamination. In addition, any failure by us to comply with existing or future laws or
regulations could result in civil penalties or criminal fines and other sanctions and enforcement actions against us. 

24 

Table of Contents

Legislation or regulatory activity that impacts or could impact our operations includes,
among others: 

•

 In 2009, the EPA issued a finding that greenhouse gas emissions contribute to air pollution that endangers public health and welfare. Related to the
endangerment finding, in April 2010, the EPA finalized a greenhouse gas emission standard for mobile sources (cars and other light duty vehicles). The endangerment finding, along with the mobile source standard and EPA’s determination that
greenhouse gases are subject to regulation under the U.S. Clean Air Act, as amended (the “Clean Air Act”), was expected to lead to widespread regulation of stationary sources of greenhouse gas emissions. The EPA has issued a so-called
tailoring rule to limit the applicability of the EPA’s major permitting programs to larger sources of greenhouse gas emissions, such as our refineries. Although legal challenges have been filed against these EPA actions, no court decisions are
expected until sometime later in 2012. The EPA has also issued its plan for establishing specific greenhouse gas emission standards under the Clean Air Act. Under this plan, the EPA is expected to propose standards for refineries in 2012 and issue
final standards as soon as November 2012. Congress may continue to consider legislation on greenhouse gas emissions, which may include a delay in the implementation of greenhouse gas emissions regulations by the EPA or a limitation on EPA authority
to regulate greenhouse gases. 

•

 The United States pledge in 2009, as part of the Copenhagen Accord, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020, remains
in effect. Meetings of the United Nations Climate Change Conference, however, have produced no legally binding emission reduction requirements that apply to the United States. 

•

 The State of California enacted legislation effective in 2007 capping California’s greenhouse gas emissions at 1990 levels by 2020 and
California has established a cap-and-trade program which will start capping emissions in 2013 for significant sources of greenhouse gases. We do not conduct business in California, but other states where we have operations could adopt similar
greenhouse gas legislation. 

Although there may be adverse financial impacts (including compliance costs,
potential permitting delays and potential reduced demand for certain refined products made from crude oil) associated with any legislation, regulation, EPA action or other action, the extent and magnitude of that impact cannot be reliably or
accurately estimated due to the fact that various requirements have only recently been adopted and there exists present uncertainty regarding additional measures and how they may be implemented. Private-party litigation has also been brought against
various emitters of greenhouse gas emissions, but we have not been named in any of those lawsuits. Private party litigation is also pending against federal and certain state governmental entities seeking additional greenhouse gas emission reductions
beyond those currently being undertaken. 

Worldwide political and economic developments could materially and adversely
impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Local political and economic factors in
global markets could have a material adverse effect on us. Continued hostilities in the Middle East and the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the United States and other developed countries. A
lower level of economic activity could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. These risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for refined
products. Additionally, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult or costly for us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. 

In addition, a significant portion of our feedstock requirements is satisfied through supplies originating in Saudi Arabia, Kuwait,
Canada, Mexico and various other foreign countries. We are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, those areas. If one or more of our
supply sources were eliminated, or if political events disrupt our traditional crude oil supply, we believe that adequate alternative supplies of crude oil would be available, but it is 

25 

Table of Contents

possible that we would be unable to find alternative sources of supply. If we are unable to obtain adequate crude oil volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our
operations could be adversely affected, including reduced sales volumes of refined products or reduced margins as a result of higher crude oil costs, materially and adversely impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

Actions of governments through tax and other legislation, executive order and commercial restrictions could
reduce our operating profitability. The U.S. government can prevent or restrict us from doing business with foreign countries. 

Competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, have more extensive retail outlets, or have greater financial resources may
have a competitive advantage. 

The downstream petroleum business is highly competitive, particularly with regard to
accessing crude oil and feedstock supply and marketing refined products. We compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks and for outlets for our refined products. In addition, we compete with producers and
marketers in other industries that supply alternative forms of energy and fuels to satisfy the requirements of our industrial, commercial and individual consumers. We do not produce any of our crude oil supply. Many of our competitors, however,
obtain a significant portion of their crude oil from their own exploration and production activities and some have more extensive retail outlets than we have. Competitors that have their own exploration and production activities are at times able to
offset losses from downstream operations with profits from upstream operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refined product margins or feedstock shortages. 

Some of our competitors also have significantly greater financial and other resources than we have. Those competitors may have a greater
ability to respond to volatile industry or market conditions, such as shortages of crude oil or other feedstocks or intense price fluctuations. 

We also face strong competition in the market for the sale of retail gasoline, diesel and merchandise. Our competitors include service stations and convenience stores owned or operated by fully integrated
major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling gasoline or merchandise at very competitive prices. Several non-traditional retailers such as supermarkets, club stores and
mass merchants, are in the retail fuel business. These non-traditional gasoline retailers have obtained a significant share of the transportation fuels market, and we expect their market share to grow. Because of their diversity, integration of
operations, experienced management and greater resources, these companies may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no profitability in the retail segment of the market. In addition, these retailers may use
promotional pricing or discounts, both at the pump and in the store, to encourage in-store merchandise sales. These activities by our competitors could pressure us to offer similar discounts, adversely affecting our profit margins. Additionally, the
loss of market share by our convenience stores to these and other retailers relating to either gasoline or merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. We do not insure against all potential losses and, therefore, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected liabilities and increased costs. 

Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds and unplanned events such as explosions, fires, pipeline ruptures or other interruptions, crude oil or refined
product spills, severe weather and labor disputes. For example, some of our pipelines provide the almost exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries, and a prolonged interruption in service of
any of these pipelines as a result of a pipeline rupture or due to any other reason could materially and adversely affect the operations, profitability and cash flows of the connected refinery. Similar risks may apply to third parties who transport
crude oil and refined products to, from and among our facilities. Any prolonged, 

unplanned interruption in our operations
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 

26 

Table of Contents

condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations are also subject to the additional hazards of pollution, releases of toxic gas and other environmental hazards and risks. These
hazards could result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, environmental pollution, impairment of operations and substantial losses to us. Various hazards have adversely affected us in the
past, and damages resulting from a catastrophic occurrence in the future involving us or any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being
assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities. 

We maintain insurance against many, but not all,
potential losses or liabilities arising from operating hazards in amounts that we believe to be prudent. Uninsured losses and liabilities arising from operating hazards could reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Historically, we have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major facilities,
with significant self-insured retentions. In the future, we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance
policies have increased substantially and could escalate further. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. For example, due to hurricane activity in recent years, the
availability of insurance coverage for our facilities for windstorms in the Gulf of Mexico region has been reduced. 

In
addition, our information technology systems and network infrastructure are subject to unauthorized access or attack, which could result in the loss of sensitive business information, systems interruptions or the disruption of our business
operations. To protect against such attempts of unauthorized access or attack, we have implemented infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans. The level of protection and disaster recovery capability varies from site to site,
and there can be no guarantee that such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be totally effective. 

We are subject to interruptions
of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined products. 

We utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. In addition to our own
operational risks discussed above, we could experience interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted because of
weather events, accidents, governmental regulations or third-party actions. A prolonged disruption of the ability of a pipeline or vessels to transport crude oil or refined product to or from one or more of our refineries could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our operating results are seasonal and
generally are lower in the first and fourth quarters of the year. 

Demand for gasoline and diesel is higher during the
spring and summer months than during the winter months in most of our markets due to seasonal increases in highway traffic. As a result, our operating results for the first and fourth quarters are generally lower than for those in the second and
third quarters of each year. 

We may incur losses as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions.

We currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to enter into these types of transactions in the future,
as well as derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and interest rate cap agreements. Given the impact a failure of a broker or counterparty to perform would have on the effectiveness of these transactions, we also include broker
and counterparty credit reviews as a part of our overall effectiveness assessment. To the extent the instruments we utilize to manage these exposures are not effective, we may incur losses related to the ineffective portion of the derivative
transaction or costs related to moving the derivative positions to another broker or counterparty once a failure has occurred. 

27 

Table of Contents

We have substantial debt obligations that could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile, a decrease in debt capacity and unsecured
commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting the credit markets generally. 

On February 1,
2011, we completed the offering of $3.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of outstanding notes. At December 31, 2011, our total indebtedness for borrowed money and capital lease obligations was $3.31 billion. We may incur substantial
additional indebtedness in the future. 

Our indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could have
material adverse consequences, including: 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;

•

 limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; 

•

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for
working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes. 

A decrease in overall debt and
commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit profile could increase our costs of borrowing money and limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit, which
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

During the past
three years, the credit markets and the financial services industry experienced a period of unprecedented turmoil and upheaval characterized by the bankruptcy, failure, collapse or sale of various financial institutions and an unprecedented level of
intervention from the United States federal government. These circumstances and events led to reduced credit availability, tighter lending standards and higher interest rates on loans. While we cannot predict the future conditions of the credit
markets, future turmoil in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and cash flows, particularly if our ability to borrow money from lenders or access the capital markets to finance our
operations were to be impaired. 

Compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely affect our performance.

We are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal and state income taxes and transactional taxes such as
excise, sales/use, payroll, franchise, withholding and property taxes. New tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations could result in increased expenditures by us for tax liabilities in the future. Many of these
liabilities are subject to periodic audits by taxing authorities. Subsequent changes to our tax liabilities as a result of these audits could subject us to interest and penalties. 

Litigation by private plaintiffs or government officials could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

We currently are defending litigation and anticipate that we will be required to
defend new litigation in the future. The subject matter of such litigation may include releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or
regulations that apply to our operations. While an adverse outcome in most litigation matters would not be 

28 

Table of Contents

expected to be material to us, in some litigation the plaintiff or plaintiffs seek alleged damages involving large classes of potential litigants, and may allege damages relating to extended
periods of time or other alleged facts and circumstances that could increase the amount of potential damages. Attorneys general and other government officials may pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages from companies on behalf
of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and product pricing laws or natural resources damages. We are defending litigation of that type and anticipate that we will be required to defend new
litigation of that type in the future. If we are not able to successfully defend such litigation, it may result in liability to our company that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. We do not have insurance covering all of these potential liabilities. In addition to substantial liability, plaintiffs in litigation may also seek injunctive relief which, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our future
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

A portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may
face labor disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Approximately 30 percent of our refining employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The contract for the hourly workers at our Catlettsburg refinery was due to expire in January 2012. It
has been temporarily extended while negotiations continue on a new collective bargaining agreement. The contracts for the hourly workers at our Detroit, Canton and Texas City refineries are scheduled to expire in January 2014, January 2015 and
March 2015, respectively. We cannot provide assurance that these contracts will not be renewed at an increased cost to us or that we will not experience work stoppages in the future as a result of labor disagreements. 

Risks Relating to our Spinoff from Marathon Oil 

Our historical consolidated financial information does not necessarily reflect what our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows would have been as an independent public company during
the periods presented. 

The historical consolidated financial information we have included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K does not necessarily reflect what our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows would have been as an independent public company during the periods prior to the Spinoff from Marathon Oil. This is primarily a result of the
following factors: 

•

 our historical consolidated financial results for periods prior to the Spinoff reflect allocations of expenses for services historically provided by
Marathon Oil, and those allocations may be significantly lower than the comparable expenses we would have incurred as an independent company; 

•

 our working capital requirements historically were satisfied as part of Marathon Oil’s corporate-wide cash management programs, and our cost of
debt and other capital may be significantly different from that reflected in our historical consolidated financial statements; 

•

 the historical consolidated financial information may not fully reflect the increased costs associated with being an independent public company,
including significant changes that occurred in our cost structure, management, financing arrangements and business operations as a result of our Spinoff from Marathon Oil, including all the costs related to being an independent public company; and

•

 the historical consolidated financial information may not fully reflect the effects of certain liabilities that were assumed by our company.

29 

Table of Contents

We incurred significant costs to create the corporate infrastructure necessary to operate
as an independent public company, and we will continue to experience increased ongoing costs in connection with being an independent public company. 

Marathon Oil performed many important corporate infrastructure functions for us prior to the Spinoff on a cost allocation basis spread among all of the Marathon Oil businesses. These functions included
some information technology, treasury, tax administration, accounting, financial reporting, human resources services, incentive compensation, legal and other services. With completion of the Spinoff, we established our own corporate infrastructure,
which resulted in the incurrence of significant costs. The ongoing costs associated with maintaining a corporate infrastructure as an independent public company and performing these services may significantly exceed the amounts reflected in our
historical consolidated financial statements. 

We are subject to continuing contingent liabilities of Marathon Oil following the Spinoff.

Although the Spinoff has occurred, there are several significant areas where liabilities of Marathon Oil may become our
obligations. For example, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) and the related rules and regulations, each corporation that was a member of the Marathon Oil consolidated tax reporting group during any taxable period or
portion of any taxable period ending on or before the effective time of the Spinoff is jointly and severally liable for the federal income tax liability of the entire Marathon Oil consolidated tax reporting group for that taxable period. In
connection with the Spinoff, we entered into a tax sharing agreement with Marathon Oil that allocates the responsibility for prior period taxes of the Marathon Oil consolidated tax reporting group between us and Marathon Oil. However, if Marathon
Oil is unable to pay any prior period taxes for which it is responsible, we could be required to pay the entire amount of such taxes. Other provisions of federal law establish similar liability for other matters, including laws governing
tax-qualified pension plans as well as other contingent liabilities. 

If the Spinoff were ultimately determined not to
qualify as a tax-free transaction, Marathon Oil and its stockholders could be subject to material amounts of taxes and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify Marathon Oil for material taxes pursuant to indemnification
obligations under the tax sharing agreement. 

Marathon Oil received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service (the “IRS”), to the effect that, among other things, the distribution of shares of MPC common stock in the Spinoff qualifies as tax-free to Marathon Oil, us and Marathon Oil stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes under
Sections 355 and 368(a) and related provisions of the Code. If the factual assumptions or representations made in the private letter ruling request are inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, then Marathon Oil would not be able to continue
to rely on the ruling. Furthermore, the IRS does not rule on whether a distribution such as the Spinoff satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code. Rather, the private letter ruling is
based on representations by Marathon Oil that those requirements have been satisfied, and any inaccuracy in those representations could invalidate the ruling. 

We are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause the assumptions or representations that were relied on in the private letter ruling to be inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect.
If, notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling, the Spinoff were determined not to qualify under Section 355 of the Code, Marathon Oil would be subject to tax as if it had sold its shares of common stock of our company in a taxable
sale for their fair market value and would recognize taxable gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of such shares over its tax basis in such shares. 

With respect to taxes and other liabilities that could be imposed on Marathon Oil in connection with the Spinoff (and certain related transactions) as a result of a final determination that is
inconsistent with the anticipated tax consequences, as set forth in the private letter ruling, under the terms of the tax sharing agreement we entered into with Marathon Oil, we will be liable to Marathon Oil for any such taxes or liabilities
attributable to actions taken by or with respect to us, any of our affiliates, or any person that, after the Spinoff, is our affiliate. We may 

30 

Table of Contents

be similarly liable if we breach specified representations or covenants set forth in the tax sharing agreement. If we are required to indemnify Marathon Oil for taxes incurred as a result of the
Spinoff (or certain related transactions) being taxable to Marathon Oil, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Potential liabilities associated with certain assumed obligations under the tax sharing agreement cannot be precisely quantified at
this time. 

Under the tax sharing agreement we entered into with Marathon Oil, following the Spinoff we are responsible
generally for all taxes attributable to us or any of our subsidiaries, whether accruing before, on or after the Spinoff. We also agreed to be responsible for, and indemnify Marathon Oil with respect to, all taxes arising as a result of the Spinoff
(or certain internal restructuring transactions) failing to qualify as transactions under Sections 368(a) and 355 of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes (which could result, for example, from a merger or other transaction involving an
acquisition of our stock) to the extent such tax liability arises as a result of any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other obligation by us or certain affiliates made in connection with the issuance of the private letter ruling
relating to the Spinoff or in the tax sharing agreement. As described above, such tax liability would be calculated as though Marathon Oil (or its affiliate) had sold its shares of common stock of our company in a taxable sale for their fair market
value, and Marathon Oil (or its affiliate) would recognize taxable gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of such shares over its tax basis in such shares. In addition, we agreed to indemnify Marathon Oil for specified
tax-related liabilities associated with the 2005 transaction in which we acquired the minority interest in our refining joint venture from Ashland Inc. Our indemnification obligations to Marathon Oil and its subsidiaries, officers and directors are
not limited in amount or subject to any cap. If we are required to indemnify Marathon Oil and its subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors under the circumstances set forth in the tax sharing agreement, we may be subject to
substantial liabilities. At this time, we cannot precisely quantify the amount of these liabilities that have been assumed pursuant to the tax sharing agreement and there can be no assurances as to their final amounts. The tax liabilities described
in this paragraph could have a material adverse effect on our company. 

We may not be able to engage in desirable strategic
or capital raising transactions for two years following the Spinoff. In addition, under some circumstances, we could be liable for any adverse tax consequences resulting from engaging in significant strategic or capital raising transactions.

Even if the Spinoff’s status as a tax-free distribution under Section 355 of the Code remains intact, the
Spinoff may result in significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities to Marathon Oil under applicable provisions of the Code if 50% or more of Marathon Oil’s stock or our stock (in each case, by vote or value) is treated as having been
acquired, directly or indirectly, by one or more persons as part of a plan (or series of related transactions) that includes the Spinoff. Under those provisions, any acquisitions of Marathon Oil stock or our stock (or similar acquisitions), or any
understanding, arrangement or substantial negotiations regarding an acquisition of Marathon Oil stock or our stock (or similar acquisitions), within two years before or after the Spinoff are subject to special scrutiny. The process for determining
whether an acquisition triggering those provisions has occurred is complex, inherently factual and subject to interpretation of the facts and circumstances of a particular case. If a direct or indirect acquisition of Marathon Oil stock or our stock
resulted in a change in control as contemplated by those provisions, Marathon Oil (but not its stockholders) would recognize taxable gain. 

Under the tax sharing agreement, there are restrictions on our ability to take actions that could cause the separation to fail to qualify as a tax-free distribution, and we are required to indemnify
Marathon Oil against any such tax liabilities attributable to actions taken by or with respect to us or any of our affiliates, or any person that, after the Spinoff, is our affiliate. We may be similarly liable if we breach certain other
representations or covenants set forth in the tax sharing agreement. We are also subject to restrictions on our ability to issue shares of our stock without satisfying certain conditions within the tax sharing agreement. As a result of the
foregoing, we may be unable to engage in strategic or capital raising transactions that our stockholders might consider favorable, or to structure potential transactions in the manner most favorable to us, without adverse tax consequences, if at
all. 

31 

Table of Contents

Potential indemnification liabilities to Marathon Oil pursuant to the separation and
distribution agreement could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In connection with the Spinoff, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement with Marathon Oil that provides for, among other things, the principal corporate transactions that were required to
effect the Spinoff, certain conditions to the Spinoff and provisions governing the relationship between our company and Marathon Oil with respect to and resulting from the Spinoff. Among other things, the separation and distribution agreement
provides for indemnification obligations designed to make us financially responsible for substantially all liabilities that may exist relating to our downstream business activities, whether incurred prior to or after the Spinoff, as well as those
obligations of Marathon Oil assumed by us pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement. Our obligations to indemnify Marathon Oil under the circumstances set forth in the separation and distribution agreement could subject us to substantial
liabilities. 

In connection with our separation from Marathon Oil, Marathon Oil will indemnify us for certain liabilities.
However, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Marathon Oil’s ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future.

Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, Marathon Oil agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities.
However, third parties could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that Marathon Oil agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from Marathon Oil will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of
such liabilities, or that Marathon Oil will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Marathon Oil any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to
bear these losses ourselves. If Marathon Oil is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations, the underlying liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Additionally, Marathon Oil’s insurers may deny coverage to us for liabilities associated with occurrences prior to the
Spinoff. Even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from such insurance providers, we may be required to temporarily bear such denial of coverage. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The market price and trading volume of
our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate significantly. 

The market price and trading volume of our common stock
could fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 fluctuations in our quarterly or annual earnings results or those of other companies in our industry; 

•

 failures of our operating results to meet the estimates of securities analysts or the expectations of our stockholders or changes by securities
analysts in their estimates of our future earnings; 

•

 announcements by us or our customers, suppliers, investors or competitors; 

•

 changes in laws or regulations which adversely affect our industry or us; 

•

 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

•

 general economic, industry and stock market conditions; 

•

 future sales of our common stock by our stockholders; 

32 

Table of Contents

•

 future issuances of our common stock by us; and 

•

 the other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change in control of our company, even if that change
may be considered beneficial by some of our stockholders. 

The existence of some provisions within our restated certificate
of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and Delaware law generally, could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us that a stockholder may consider favorable. These include provisions: 

•

 providing that our board of directors fixes the number of members of the board; 

•

 providing for the division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered terms; 

•

 providing that only our board may fill board vacancies; 

•

 limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders; 

•

 prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;

•

 establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be
acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings; 

•

 establishing supermajority vote requirements for certain amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation and stockholder proposals for
amendments to our amended and restated bylaws; 

•

 providing that our directors may only be removed for cause; 

•

 authorizing a large number of shares of common stock that are not yet issued, which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons
friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us; and 

•

 authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of
outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt. 

In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, which may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors, including discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price
for shares of our common stock. 

We believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair
takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal, and are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However,
these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of us and our stockholders. 

33 

Table of Contents

Provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation that limit ownership of our
capital stock by non-U.S. citizens may adversely affect the liquidity of our capital stock. 

To facilitate compliance with
the Maritime Laws, our restated certificate of incorporation limits the aggregate percentage ownership by non-U.S. citizens of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock to 23% of the outstanding shares. We may prohibit transfers that
would cause ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock by non-U.S. citizens to exceed 23%. Our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to effect any and all measures necessary or desirable to monitor and
limit foreign ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock. These limitations could have an adverse impact on the liquidity of the market for our common stock if holders are unable to transfer shares to non-U.S. citizens due
to the limitations on ownership by non-U.S. citizens. Any such limitation on the liquidity of the market for our common stock could adversely impact the market price of our common stock. 

We may issue preferred stock with terms that could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. 

Our restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences
and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of
preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. For example, we could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or
the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock. 

34 

Table of Contents