You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Some of these risks relate principally to our business and the industry in which we operate, while others relate principally to our Spinoff from Marathon Oil, the ownership of our common stock and
securities markets generally. 

Our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be
materially and adversely affected by any of these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 

Risks
Relating to Our Industry and Our Business 

Failure to identify and manage risks inherent in our industry could adversely
impact our business. 

Our business requires us to identify and manage the risks inherent to the refining, marketing and
transportation business in which we operate. Our operations are subject to business interruption due to scheduled refinery turnarounds and to unplanned maintenance or events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other
incidents, severe weather and labor disputes. Such incidents may result in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, legal liability and loss of revenue. Failure to identify and manage these risks could result in explosions, fires,
refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, property damage, legal liability, loss of revenue and substantial fines by governmental authorities. 

A substantial or extended decline in refining and marketing gross margins would reduce our operating results and cash flows and could
materially and adversely impact our future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets. 

Our operating results,
cash flows, future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products. The measure of the difference between market prices for refined products and crude oil, or crack spread,
is commonly used by the industry as a proxy for refining and marketing gross margins. Historically, refining and marketing gross margins have been volatile and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. Our margins and cost of
producing gasoline and other refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil. We do not produce crude oil and must purchase all of the crude oil we refine. The price of crude oil and the price at which we
can sell our refined products may fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market conditions. The overall change in crack spreads will impact our refining and marketing gross margins. Many of the factors influencing the change
in crack spreads and refining and marketing gross margins are beyond our control. These factors include: 

•

 worldwide and domestic supplies of and demand for crude oil and refined products; 

•

 the cost of crude oil to be manufactured into refined products; 

•

 the prices realized for refined products; 

•

 utilization rates of refineries; 

•

 natural gas and electricity supply costs incurred by refineries; 

•

 the ability of the members of the OPEC to agree to and maintain production controls; 

•

 political instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions; 

27 

Table of Contents

•

 local weather conditions; 

•

 seasonality of demand in our marketing area due to increased highway traffic in the spring and summer months; 

•

 natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornados; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative and competing forms of energy; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; and 

•

 local, regional, national and worldwide economic conditions. 

Some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects.
The longer-term effects of these and other factors on refining and marketing gross margins are uncertain. We purchase our crude oil and other refinery feedstocks weeks before refining them and selling the refined products. Price level changes during
the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks could have a significant effect on our financial results. We also purchase refined products manufactured by others for resale to our customers. Price
changes during the periods between purchasing and reselling those refined products also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Lower refining and marketing gross margins may reduce the amount of refined product we produce, which may reduce our revenues, operating
income and cash flows. Significant reductions in refining and marketing gross margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures or impair the carrying value of our assets. 

The availability of crude oil and increases in crude oil prices may reduce profitability and refining and marketing gross margins.

The profitability of our operations depends largely on the difference between the cost of crude oil and other feedstocks
we refine and the selling prices we obtain for refined products. A portion of our crude oil is purchased from various foreign national oil companies, producing companies and trading companies, including suppliers from Canada, the Middle East and
various other international locations. We are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, those areas. If one or more of our major supply
sources were eliminated, or if political events disrupted our traditional crude oil supply, we believe adequate alternative supplies of crude oil would be available, but it is possible we would be unable to find alternative sources of supply. If we
are unable to obtain adequate crude oil volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our operations, sales of refined products and refining and marketing margins could be adversely affected, materially and adversely
impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Worldwide political and economic
developments could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition to impacting crude oil and other feedstock supplies, political and economic factors in global markets could have a material
adverse effect on us in other ways. Hostilities in the Middle East or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the United States (the “U.S.”) and other developed countries. A lower level
of economic activity could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. These risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for refined products.
Additionally, these risks could increase instability in the 

28 

Table of Contents

financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult or costly for us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. Additionally, tax policy, legislative
or regulatory action and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability. The U.S. government could prevent or restrict exports of refined products or the conduct of business with certain foreign countries. 

Changes in environmental or other laws or regulations may reduce our refining and marketing gross margin and may result in substantial
capital expenditures and operating costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Various laws and regulations are expected to impose increasingly stringent and costly requirements on our operations, which may reduce our refining and marketing gross margin. Laws and regulations
relating to the emission or discharge of materials into the environment, solid and hazardous waste management, pollution prevention, greenhouse gas emissions and characteristics and composition of gasoline and diesel fuels, as well as those relating
to public and employee safety and health and to facility security, in particular, are expected to become more stringent. The specific impact of laws and regulations on us and our competitors may vary depending on a number of factors, including the
age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas, crude oil and feedstock sources and production processes. We may be required to make expenditures to modify operations, install pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail
operations that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We believe the issue of climate change will likely continue to receive scientific and political attention, with the potential for further
laws and regulations that could affect our operations. The U.S. pledge in 2009, as part of the Copenhagen Accord, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 17% below 2005 levels by 2020, remains in effect. Meetings of the United Nations Climate Change
Conference, however, have produced no legally binding emission reduction requirements on the U.S. Also in 2009, the EPA issued a finding that greenhouse gas emissions contribute to air pollution that endangers public health and welfare. Related to
the endangerment finding, in April 2010, the EPA finalized a greenhouse gas emission standard for mobile sources (cars and other light duty vehicles). The endangerment finding, the mobile source standard and the EPA’s determination that
greenhouse gases are subject to regulation under the Clean Air Act and the EPA’s so-called “tailoring rule” led to permitting of larger stationary sources of greenhouse gas emissions, including refineries. We also expect
refinery-specific New Source Performance Standards will be proposed in 2013. Legal challenges were filed against these EPA actions. The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals overruled these challenges but several parties will seek further review by the U.S.
Supreme Court. 

In the future, Congress may again consider legislation on greenhouse gas emissions or a carbon tax. Other
measures to address greenhouse gas emissions are in various phases of review or implementation in the U.S. These measures include state actions to develop statewide or regional programs to impose emission reductions. Private party litigation is
pending against federal and certain state governmental entities seeking additional greenhouse gas emission reductions beyond those currently being undertaken. These actions could result in increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities,
capital expenditures to install new emission controls and costs to administer any carbon trading or tax programs implemented. Although uncertain, these developments could increase our costs, reduce the demand for the products we sell and create
delays in our obtaining air pollution permits for new or modified facilities. 

The EISA, among other things, sets a target of
35 miles per gallon for the combined fleet of cars and light trucks in the U.S. by model year 2020 and contains a second Renewable Fuel Standard commonly referred to as RFS2. In August 2012, the EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration jointly adopted regulations that establish average industry fleet fuel economy standards for passenger cars and light trucks of up to 41 miles per gallon by model year 2021 and of up to 49.7 miles per gallon by model year 2025 (the
standards from 2022 to 2025 are the government’s current estimate but will require further rulemaking). Increases in fuel mileage standards and the increased use of renewable fuels (including ethanol and advanced biofuels) may reduce demand for
refined products. 

29 

Table of Contents

The RFS2 required the total volume of renewable transportation fuels sold or introduced
annually in the U.S. to reach 15.2 billion gallons in 2012 and increases to 36.0 billion gallons by 2022. The RFS2 presents production and logistics challenges for both the renewable fuels and petroleum refining industries, and may continue to
require additional capital expenditures or expenses by us to accommodate increased renewable fuels use. The advanced biofuels program, a subset of the RFS2 requirements, creates uncertainties and presents challenges of supply, and may require that
we and other refiners and other obligated parties purchase credits from the EPA to meet our obligations. 

Tax incentives and
other subsidies have also made renewable fuels more competitive with refined products than they otherwise would have been, which may further reduce refined product margins. 

The EPA Tier 3 gasoline rulemaking could potentially lower the allowable sulfur level in gasoline, but it may also lower the Reid vapor pressure, and the allowable benzene, aromatics and olefins content
of gasoline, while possibly increasing octane requirements. We anticipate a proposed rule will be issued in 2013 and plan to participate in the public comment process. 

We have in the past owned or operated, and currently own and operate, convenience stores and other locations with USTs in various states. The operation of USTs poses risks, including soil and groundwater
contamination, at our previously or currently operated locations. Such contamination could result in substantial cleanup costs, fines or civil liabilities. 

We have in the past and will continue to dispose of various wastes at lawful disposal sites. Environmental laws, including CERCLA, and similar state laws can impose liability for the entire cost of
cleanup on any responsible party, without regard to negligence or fault, and impose liability on us for the conduct of others or conditions others have caused, or for our acts that complied with all applicable requirements when performed.

Any failure by us to comply with existing or future laws or regulations could result in the imposition of administrative,
civil or criminal penalties, injunctions limiting our operations, investigatory or remedial liabilities or impediments to construction of additional facilities or equipment. 

Compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely impact our financial performance. 

We are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal and state income taxes and transactional taxes such as excise, sales and use, payroll, franchise, withholding and property taxes. New tax
laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations could result in increased expenditures by us for tax liabilities in the future and could materially and adversely impact our financial performance. Additionally, many tax
liabilities are subject to periodic audits by taxing authorities, and such audits could subject us to interest and penalties. 

Competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, have more extensive retail outlets or have greater financial resources may
have a competitive advantage. 

We do not produce any of our crude oil supply. Some of our competitors, however, obtain a
significant portion of their crude oil from their own exploration and production activities. Competitors that have their own exploration and production activities may at times be able to offset losses from downstream operations with profits from
upstream operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refined product margins or feedstock shortages. 

Some of our competitors also have significantly greater financial and other resources than we have. Those competitors may have a greater ability to respond to volatile industry or market conditions, such
as shortages of crude oil or other feedstocks or intense price fluctuations. 

30 

Table of Contents

The retail market is diverse and highly competitive, and severe competition could
adversely impact our business. 

We also face strong competition in the market for the sale of retail gasoline, diesel and
merchandise. Our competitors include outlets owned or operated by fully integrated major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers, and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling gasoline or merchandise at very
competitive prices. Several non-traditional retailers such as supermarkets, club stores and mass merchants are in the retail business. These non-traditional gasoline retailers have obtained a significant share of the transportation fuels market and
we expect their market share to grow. Because of their diversity, integration of operations, experienced management and greater resources, these companies may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no
profitability in the retail segment of the market. In addition, these retailers may use promotional pricing or discounts, both at the pump and in the store, to encourage in-store merchandise sales. These activities by our competitors could pressure
us to offer similar discounts, adversely affecting our profit margins. Additionally, the loss of market share by our convenience stores to these and other retailers relating to either gasoline or merchandise could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our operations are subject to business
interruptions and casualty losses. We do not insure against all such potential losses, and, therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected liabilities and increased costs.

Our operations are subject to business interruption due to scheduled refinery turnarounds and to unplanned events such as
explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents or unplanned maintenance, severe weather and labor disputes. For example, our pipelines provide a nearly-exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from,
some of our refineries. In such instances, a prolonged interruption in service of such a pipeline could materially and adversely affect the operations, profitability and cash flows of the connected refinery. 

Our operations could result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, environmental
pollution, impairment of operations and substantial losses to us. Damages resulting from a catastrophic occurrence involving us or any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting
potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities. In addition, our information technology systems and network infrastructure are subject to unauthorized access or attack, which could
result in the loss of sensitive business information, systems interruptions or the disruption of our business operations. To protect against such attempts of unauthorized access or attack, we have implemented infrastructure protection technologies
and disaster recovery plans. The level of protection and disaster recovery capability varies from site to site, and there can be no guarantee such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be totally effective. 

We maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from
operating hazards. Uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards could reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. Historically, we also have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. In the future, we may not be able to maintain or
obtain insurance of the types and amounts we desire at reasonable rates. 

As a result of market conditions, premiums and
deductibles for certain of our insurance coverage have increased substantially and could escalate further. Certain insurance coverage could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. For example, due to hurricane activity
in recent years, the availability of insurance coverage for our facilities for windstorms in the Gulf of Mexico region has been reduced. 

31 

Table of Contents

We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance
on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined products. 

We utilize the services of third parties to transport
crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. In addition to our own operational risks discussed above, we could experience interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the
pipelines or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted because of weather events, accidents, governmental regulations or third-party actions. A prolonged disruption of the ability of a pipeline or vessels to transport crude oil
or refined product to or from one or more of our refineries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

If foreign ownership of our stock exceeds certain levels, we could be prohibited from operating inland river vessels, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

The Shipping Act of 1916 and Merchant Marine Act of 1920, which we refer to
collectively as the Maritime Laws, generally require that vessels engaged in U.S. coastwise trade be owned by U.S. citizens. Among other requirements to establish citizenship, corporations that own such vessels must be owned at least 75% by U.S.
citizens. If we fail to maintain compliance with the Maritime Laws, we would be prohibited from operating vessels in the U.S. inland waters. Such a prohibition could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. 

We may incur losses to our business as a result of our forward-contract activities and
derivative transactions. 

We currently use commodity derivative instruments and we expect to enter into these types of
transactions in the future. A failure of a futures commission merchant or counterparty to perform would affect these transactions. To the extent the instruments we utilize to manage these exposures are not effective, we may incur losses related to
the ineffective portion of the derivative transaction or costs related to moving the derivative positions to another futures commission merchant or counterparty once a failure has occurred. 

We have substantial debt obligations, therefore our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally. 

On February 1, 2011, we completed the offering of senior notes aggregating $3.0 billion in principal amount. At December 31,
2012, our total debt obligations for borrowed money and capital lease obligations was $3.36 billion. We may incur substantial additional debt obligations in the future. 

Our indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could have material adverse consequences, including: 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;

•

 limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; 

•

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for
working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes. 

32 

Table of Contents

A decrease in our debt and commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended
by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit profile could increase our costs of borrowing money and/or limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Historic or current operations could subject us to significant legal
liability or restrict our ability to operate. 

We currently are defending litigation and anticipate we will be required to
defend new litigation in the future. Our operations and those of our predecessors could expose us to litigation and civil claims by private plaintiffs for alleged damages related to contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by
releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. While an adverse outcome in most litigation
matters would not be expected to be material to us, in class-action litigation large classes of plaintiffs may allege damages relating to extended periods of time or other alleged facts and circumstances that could increase the amount of potential
damages. Attorneys general and other government officials may pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages from companies on behalf of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and
product pricing laws or natural resources damages. We are defending litigation of that type and anticipate that we will be required to defend new litigation of that type in the future. If we are not able to successfully defend such litigation, it
may result in liability to our company that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We do not have insurance covering all of these potential liabilities. In addition to
substantial liability, plaintiffs in litigation may also seek injunctive relief which, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

A portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Approximately 38 percent of our refining employees are covered
by collective bargaining agreements. The contracts for the hourly refinery workers at our Detroit and Texas City refineries are scheduled to expire in January 2014 and March 2015, respectively. The contracts for the hourly refinery workers at our
Canton, Catlettsburg and Galveston Bay refineries are each scheduled to expire in January 2015. These contracts may be renewed at an increased cost to us or we may experience work stoppages as a result of labor disagreements. 

One of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of a publicly traded master limited partnership, MPLX, which may involve a greater
exposure to legal liability than our historic business operations. 

One of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of
MPLX, a publicly traded master limited partnership. Our control of the general partner of MPLX may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties including claims of conflicts of interest related to MPLX. Any liability resulting
from such claims could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Significant transactions, including the Galveston Bay Refinery and Related Assets acquisition, are subject to substantial risks that could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Any significant transaction, including the Galveston Bay Refinery and Related Assets
acquisition, involves potential risks, including, among other things: 

•

 the validity of our assumptions about future synergies, revenues, capital expenditures and operating costs; 

•

 an inability to successfully integrate any asset or businesses we acquire; 

33 

Table of Contents

•

 a decrease in our liquidity by using a portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity under our revolving credit agreement to finance
transactions; 

•

 a significant increase in our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance transactions;

•

 the assumption of unknown environmental and other liabilities, losses or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which our indemnity is
inadequate; 

•

 the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; and 

•

 the incurrence of other significant charges, such as impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, asset devaluation or restructuring charges.

Risks Relating to our Spinoff from Marathon Oil 

We are subject to certain continuing contingent liabilities of Marathon Oil relating to taxes and other matters and to potential
liabilities and temporary limitations pursuant to the tax sharing agreement we entered into with Marathon Oil that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Although the Spinoff occurred in mid 2011, certain liabilities of Marathon Oil could become our obligations. For example, under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) and related rules and regulations, each corporation that was a member of the Marathon Oil consolidated tax reporting group during any taxable period or portion of any taxable period ending on or
before the effective time of the Spinoff is jointly and severally liable for the federal income tax liability of the entire Marathon Oil consolidated tax reporting group for that taxable period. In connection with the Spinoff, we entered into a tax
sharing agreement with Marathon Oil that allocates the responsibility for prior period taxes of the Marathon Oil consolidated tax reporting group between us and Marathon Oil. However, if Marathon Oil is unable to pay any prior period taxes for which
it is responsible, we could be required to pay the entire amount of such taxes. Other provisions of federal law establish similar liability for other matters, including laws governing tax-qualified pension plans as well as other contingent
liabilities. 

Also pursuant to the tax sharing agreement, following the Spinoff we are responsible generally for all taxes
attributable to us or any of our subsidiaries, whether accruing before, on or after the Spinoff. We also agreed to be responsible for, and indemnify Marathon Oil with respect to, all taxes arising as a result of the Spinoff (or certain internal
restructuring transactions) failing to qualify as transactions under Sections 368(a) and 355 of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent such tax liability arises as a result of any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
or other obligation by us or certain affiliates made in connection with the issuance of the private letter ruling relating to the Spinoff or in the tax sharing agreement. In addition, we agreed to indemnify Marathon Oil for specified tax-related
liabilities associated with our 2005 acquisition of the minority interest in our refining joint venture from Ashland Inc. Our indemnification obligations to Marathon Oil and its subsidiaries, officers and directors are not limited or subject to any
cap. If we are required to indemnify Marathon Oil and its subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors under the tax sharing agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities. At this time, we cannot precisely quantify the amount
of these liabilities that have been assumed pursuant to the tax sharing agreement and there can be no assurances as to their final amounts. The tax liabilities described in this paragraph could have a material adverse effect on our company.

Under the tax sharing agreement we could be limited for a period of time in our ability to pursue certain strategic or
capital raising transactions. In addition, under some circumstances, we could be liable for any adverse tax consequences resulting from engaging in such transactions. Even if the Spinoff’s status as a tax-free distribution under
Section 355 of the Code remains intact, the Spinoff may result in significant U.S. federal income tax 

34 

Table of Contents

liabilities to Marathon Oil under applicable provisions of the Code if 50 percent or more of Marathon Oil’s stock or our stock is treated as having been acquired, directly or indirectly, by
one or more persons as part of a plan that includes the Spinoff. Under those provisions, any acquisitions of Marathon Oil stock or our stock (or similar acquisitions), or any understanding, arrangement or substantial negotiations regarding an
acquisition of Marathon Oil stock or our stock (or similar acquisitions), within two years before or after the Spinoff are subject to special scrutiny. The process for determining whether an acquisition triggering those provisions has occurred is
complex, inherently factual and subject to interpretation of the facts and circumstances of a particular case. If a direct or indirect acquisition of Marathon Oil stock or our stock resulted in a change in control as contemplated by those
provisions, Marathon Oil (but not its stockholders) would recognize a taxable gain. 

Under the tax sharing agreement, there
are also restrictions on our ability to take actions that could cause the separation to fail to qualify as a tax-free distribution, and we are required to indemnify Marathon Oil against any such tax liabilities attributable to actions taken by or
with respect to us or any of our affiliates, or any person that, after the Spinoff, is our affiliate. We may be similarly liable if we breach certain other representations or covenants set forth in the tax sharing agreement. We are also subject to
restrictions on our ability to issue shares of our stock without satisfying certain conditions within the tax sharing agreement. As a result of the foregoing, we may be unable to engage in strategic or capital raising transactions that our
stockholders might consider favorable, or to structure potential transactions in the manner most favorable to us, without adverse tax consequences, if at all. 

The Spinoff could be determined not to qualify as a tax-free transaction, and Marathon Oil and its stockholders could be subject to material amounts of taxes and, in certain circumstances, we could be
required to indemnify Marathon Oil for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax sharing agreement. 

Marathon Oil received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), to the effect that, among other things, the distribution of shares of MPC common stock in the Spinoff
qualifies as tax-free to Marathon Oil, us and Marathon Oil stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a) and related provisions of the Code. If the factual assumptions or representations made in the private letter
ruling request are inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, then Marathon Oil would not be able to continue to rely on the ruling. We are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause the assumptions or representations that were
relied on in the private letter ruling to be inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect. If, notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling, the Spinoff were determined not to qualify under Section 355 of the Code, Marathon Oil
would be subject to tax as if it had sold its shares of common stock of our company in a taxable sale for their fair market value and would recognize a taxable gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of such shares over its
tax basis in such shares. 

With respect to taxes and other liabilities that could be imposed on Marathon Oil in connection
with the Spinoff (and certain related transactions) as a result of a final determination that is inconsistent with the anticipated tax consequences as set forth in the private letter ruling, we would be liable to Marathon Oil under the tax sharing
agreement for any such taxes or liabilities attributable to actions taken by or with respect to us, any of our affiliates, or any person that, after the Spinoff, is our affiliate. We may be similarly liable if we breach specified representations or
covenants set forth in the tax sharing agreement. If we are required to indemnify Marathon Oil for taxes incurred as a result of the Spinoff (or certain related transactions) being taxable to Marathon Oil, it would have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have potential liabilities pursuant to the
separation and distribution agreement we entered into with Marathon Oil in connection with the Spinoff that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In connection with the Spinoff, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement with Marathon Oil that provides for, among other
things, the principal corporate transactions that were required to affect the Spinoff, certain conditions to the Spinoff and provisions governing the relationship between our company and Marathon

35 

Table of Contents

Oil with respect to and resulting from the Spinoff. Among other things, the separation and distribution agreement provides for indemnification obligations designed to make us financially
responsible for substantially all liabilities that may exist relating to our downstream business activities, whether incurred prior to or after the Spinoff, as well as certain obligations of Marathon Oil assumed by us. Our obligations to indemnify
Marathon Oil under the circumstances set forth in the separation and distribution agreement could subject us to substantial liabilities. Marathon Oil also agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, third parties could seek to hold us
responsible for any of the liabilities retained by Marathon Oil and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from Marathon Oil will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, that Marathon Oil will be able to fully
satisfy its indemnification obligations or that Marathon Oil’s insurers will cover us for liabilities associated with occurrences prior to the Spinoff. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Marathon Oil or it insurers any
amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. If Marathon Oil is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations, the underlying liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Provisions in our corporate governance documents could operate to delay or prevent a change in control of our company, dilute the
voting power or reduce the value of our capital stock or affect its liquidity. 

The existence of some provisions within our
restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us that a stockholder may consider favorable. These include provisions: 

•

 providing that our board of directors fixes the number of members of the board; 

•

 providing for the division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered terms; 

•

 providing that only our board of directors may fill board vacancies; 

•

 limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders; 

•

 prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;

•

 establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be
acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings; 

•

 establishing supermajority vote requirements for certain amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation and stockholder proposals for
amendments to our amended and restated bylaws; 

•

 providing that our directors may only be removed for cause; 

•

 authorizing a large number of shares of common stock that are not yet issued, which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons
friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us; and 

•

 authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of
outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt. 

We believe these provisions protect our stockholders from
coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors time 

36 

Table of Contents

to assess any acquisition proposal, and are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and
could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of us and our stockholders. 

Our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers,
preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or
series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. For example, we could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our board of directors in all events or on the happening of
specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of our common stock. 

Finally, to facilitate compliance with the Maritime Laws, our restated certificate of incorporation limits the aggregate percentage
ownership by non-U.S. citizens of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock to 23 percent of the outstanding shares. We may prohibit transfers that would cause ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock by
non-U.S. citizens to exceed 23 percent. Our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to effect any and all measures necessary or desirable to monitor and limit foreign ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital
stock. These limitations could have an adverse impact on the liquidity of the market for our common stock if holders are unable to transfer shares to non-U.S. citizens due to the limitations on ownership by non-U.S. citizens. Any such limitation on
the liquidity of the market for our common stock could adversely impact the market price of our common stock. 

37 

Table of Contents