.

 You should carefully consider all of the information set forth
 in this
 Form 10-K,
 including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest
 in any of the Company’s securities. The risks below are not
 the only ones the Company faces. Additional risks not currently
 known to the Company or that the Company presently deems
 immaterial may also impair its business operations. The
 Company’s business, financial condition, results of
 operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected
 by any of these risks. This

Form 10-K
 also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
 uncertainties. The Company’s results could materially
 differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking
 statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks
 it faces as described below and elsewhere. See “Cautionary
 Factors that May Affect Future Results” below.

 The Company faces significant litigation related to
 Vioxx.

 On September 30, 2004, the Company voluntarily withdrew
 Vioxx, its arthritis and acute pain medication, from the
 market worldwide. As of December 31, 2008, approximately
 10,800 product liability lawsuits, involving approximately
 26,800 plaintiff groups, alleging personal injuries resulting
 from the use of 
Vioxx, have been filed against the
 Company in state and federal courts in the United States. The
 Company is also a defendant in approximately 242 purported class
 actions related to the use of 
Vioxx. (All of these suits
 are referred to as the “
Vioxx Product Liability
 Lawsuits”.) As discussed above, on November 9, 2007,
 the Company announced that it had entered into an agreement (the
 “Settlement Agreement”) with the law firms that
 comprise the executive committee of the Plaintiffs’
 Steering Committee of the federal multidistrict 
Vioxx
 litigation as well as representatives of plaintiffs’
 counsel in the Texas, New Jersey and California state
 coordinated proceedings to resolve state and federal MI and IS
 claims filed as of that date in the United States. The
 Settlement Agreement, which also applies to tolled claims, was
 signed by the parties after several meetings with three of the
 four judges overseeing the coordination of more than 95% of the
 current claims in the 
Vioxx product liability litigation.
 The Settlement Agreement applies only to U.S. legal
 residents and those who allege that their MI or IS occurred in
 the United States.

 As of October 30, 2008, the deadline for enrollment in the
 Settlement Program, more than 48,100 of the approximately 48,325
 individuals who were eligible for the Settlement Program and
 whose claims were not 1) dismissed, 2) expected to be
 dismissed in the near future, or 3) tolled claims that
 appear to have been abandoned had submitted some or all of the
 materials required for enrollment in the Settlement Program.
 This represents approximately 99.8% of the eligible MI and IS
 claims previously registered with the Settlement Program. Under
 the terms of the Settlement Agreement, Merck could exercise a
 right to walk away from the Settlement Agreement if the
 thresholds and other requirements were not met. The Company
 waived that right as of August 4, 2008. The waiver of that
 right triggered Merck’s obligation to pay a fixed total of
 $4.85 billion. Payments will be made in installments into
 the settlement funds. The first payment of $500 million was
 made in August 2008 and an additional payment of

 18

Table of Contents

 $250 million was made in October 2008. Additional payments
 will be made on a periodic basis going forward, when and as
 needed to fund payments of claims and administrative expenses.

 Of the plaintiff groups described above, most are currently in
 the Vioxx Settlement Program. As of December 31,
 2008, 70 plaintiff groups who were otherwise eligible for the
 Settlement Program have not participated and their claims
 remained pending against Merck. In addition, the claims of 1,400
 plaintiff groups who are not eligible for the program remained
 pending against Merck. A number of the 1,400 plaintiff groups
 are subject to motions to dismiss for failure to comply with
 court-ordered deadlines. Since December 31, 2008, hundreds
 of these plaintiff groups have since been dismissed.

 Claims of certain individual third-party payors remain pending
 in the New Jersey court, and counsel purporting to represent a
 large number of third-party payors has threatened to file
 numerous additional such actions. Discovery is currently ongoing
 in these cases, and a status conference with the court took
 place in January 2009 to discuss scheduling issues, including
 the selection of early trial pool cases.

 There are also pending in various U.S. courts putative
 class actions purportedly brought on behalf of individual
 purchasers or users of Vioxx and claiming either
 reimbursement of alleged economic loss or an entitlement to
 medical monitoring. All of these cases are at early procedural
 stages, and no class has been certified. In New Jersey, the
 trial court dismissed the complaint in the case of Sinclair, a
 purported statewide medical monitoring class. The Appellate
 Division reversed the dismissal, and the issue was appealed to
 the New Jersey Supreme Court. That court heard argument on
 October 22, 2007. On June 4, 2008, the New Jersey
 Supreme Court reversed the Appellate Division and dismissed this
 action.

 In addition to the Vioxx Product Liability Lawsuits,
 various purported class actions and individual lawsuits have
 been brought against the Company and several current and former
 officers and directors of the Company alleging that the Company
 made false and misleading statements regarding 
Vioxx in
 violation of the federal and state securities laws (all of these
 suits are referred to as the “
Vioxx Securities
 Lawsuits”). On April 12, 2007, Judge Chesler granted
 defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint with prejudice.
 Plaintiffs appealed Judge Chesler’s decision to the United
 States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. On
 September 9, 2008, the Third Circuit issued an opinion
 reversing Judge Chesler’s order and remanding the case to
 the District Court. On September 23, 2008, Merck filed a
 petition seeking rehearing 
en banc, which was denied. The
 case was remanded to the District Court in October 2008, and
 Plaintiffs have filed their Consolidated and Fifth Amended
 Class Action Complaint. In addition, various putative class
 actions have been brought against the Company and several
 current and former employees, officers, and directors of the
 Company alleging violations of ERISA. (All of these suits are
 referred to as the “
Vioxx ERISA Lawsuits”.) In
 addition, shareholder derivative suits that were previously
 filed and dismissed are now on appeal and several shareholders
 have filed demands with the Company asserting claims against the
 Board members and Company officers. (All of these suits and
 demands are referred to as the “
Vioxx Derivative
 Lawsuits” and, together with the 
Vioxx Securities
 Lawsuits and the 
Vioxx ERISA Lawsuits, the “
Vioxx
 Shareholder Lawsuits”.) The Company has also been named
 as a defendant in actions in various countries outside the
 United States. (All of these suits are referred to as the
 “
Vioxx Foreign Lawsuits”.) The Company has also
 been sued by ten states, five counties and New York City with
 respect to the marketing of 
Vioxx. The Company
 anticipates that additional lawsuits relating to 
Vioxx
 may be filed against it

and/or
 certain of its current and former officers and directors in the
 future.

 The SEC is conducting a formal investigation of the Company
 concerning Vioxx. The DOJ has issued a subpoena
 requesting information relating to the Company’s research,
 marketing and selling activities with respect to 
Vioxx in
 a federal health care investigation under criminal statutes.
 This investigation includes subpoenas for witnesses to appear
 before a grand jury. There are also ongoing investigations by
 local authorities in Europe. The Company is cooperating with
 authorities in all of these investigations. (All of these
 investigations are referred to as the “
Vioxx
 Investigations”.) The Company cannot predict the
 outcome of any of these investigations; however, they could
 result in potential civil

and/or
 criminal liability.

 Juries have now decided in favor of the Company twelve times and
 in plaintiffs’ favor five times. One Merck verdict was set
 aside by the court and has not been retried. Another Merck
 verdict was set aside and retried, leading to one of the five
 plaintiffs’ verdicts. There have been two unresolved
 mistrials. With respect to the five plaintiffs’ verdicts,
 Merck filed an appeal or sought judicial review in each of those
 cases. In one of those five, an

 19

Table of Contents

 intermediate appellate court overturned the trial verdict and
 directed that judgment be entered for Merck, and in another, an
 intermediate appellate court overturned the trial verdict,
 entering judgment for Merck on one claim and ordering a new
 trial on the remaining claims. The Vioxx product
 liability litigation is discussed more fully in Item 3.
 “Legal Proceedings” below.

 The outcomes of these Vioxx Product Liability trials
 should not be interpreted to indicate any trend or what outcome
 may be likely in future 
Vioxx trials.

 A trial in a representative action in Australia is scheduled to
 commence on March 30, 2009, in the Federal Court of
 Australia. The named plaintiff, who alleges he suffered a MI,
 seeks to represent others in Australia who ingested Vioxx
 and suffered a MI, thrombotic stroke, unstable angina,
 transient ischemic attack or peripheral vascular disease. On
 November 24, 2008, the Company filed a motion for an order
 that the proceeding no longer continue as a representative
 proceeding. During a hearing on December 5, 2008, the court
 dismissed that motion and, on January 9, 2009, issued its
 reasons for that decision. On February 17, 2009, the
 Company’s motion for leave to appeal that decision was
 denied and the parties were directed to prepare proposed lists
 of issues to be tried.

 The Company currently anticipates that two U.S. Vioxx
 Product Liability Lawsuits will be tried in 2009. Except
 with respect to the product liability trial scheduled to be held
 in Australia, the Company cannot predict the timing of any other
 trials related to the 
Vioxx Litigation. The Company
 believes that it has meritorious defenses to the 
Vioxx
 Product Liability Lawsuits, 
Vioxx Shareholder
 Lawsuits and 
Vioxx Foreign Lawsuits (collectively, the
 “
Vioxx Lawsuits”) and will vigorously defend
 against them. The Company’s insurance coverage with respect
 to the 
Vioxx Lawsuits will not be adequate to cover its
 defense costs and any losses.

 During 2008, the Company spent approximately $305 million
 in the aggregate in legal defense costs worldwide related to
 (i) the Vioxx Product Liability Lawsuits,
 (ii) the 
Vioxx Shareholder Lawsuits, (iii) the

Vioxx Foreign Lawsuits, and (iv) the 
Vioxx
 Investigations (collectively, the “
Vioxx
 Litigation”). In the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company
 recorded a charge of $62 million to add to the reserve
 solely for its future legal defense costs related to the

Vioxx Litigation which was $522 million at
 December 31, 2007 and $279 million at
 December 31, 2008. In addition, in 2007, the Company
 recorded a pretax charge of $4.85 billion equal to the
 aggregate amount to be paid to the qualifying claimants in the
 Settlement Program. During 2008, the Company paid
 $750 million into the settlement funds for the Settlement
 Program. Thus, the Company’s total reserve for the 
Vioxx
 Litigation at December 31, 2008 was $4.379 billion
 (the “
Vioxx Reserve”). The amount of the

Vioxx Reserve allocated to defense costs is based on
 certain assumptions, described below under “Legal
 Proceedings”, and is the best estimate of the minimum
 amount that the Company believes will be incurred in connection
 with the remaining aspects of the 
Vioxx Litigation,
 however, events such as additional trials in the 
Vioxx
 Litigation and other events that could arise in the course of
 the 
Vioxx Litigation could affect the ultimate amount of
 defense costs to be incurred by the Company.

 The Company is not currently able to estimate any additional
 amount of damages that it may be required to pay in connection
 with the Vioxx Lawsuits or 
Vioxx Investigations.
 These proceedings are still expected to continue for years and
 the Company has very little information as to the course the
 proceedings will take. In view of the inherent difficulty of
 predicting the outcome of litigation, particularly where there
 are many claimants and the claimants seek unspecified damages,
 the Company is unable to predict the outcome of these matters,
 and at this time cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss or
 range of loss with respect to the 
Vioxx Lawsuits not
 included in the Settlement Program. The Company has not
 established any reserves for any potential liability relating to
 the 
Vioxx Lawsuits not included in the Settlement Program
 or the 
Vioxx Investigations.

 A series of unfavorable outcomes in the Vioxx Lawsuits or
 the 
Vioxx Investigations, resulting in the payment of
 substantial damages or fines or resulting in criminal penalties,
 in excess of the 
Vioxx Reserve, could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s business, cash flow,
 results of operations, financial position and prospects.

 Certain of the Company’s major products are going to
 lose patent protection in the near future and, when that occurs,
 the Company expects a significant decline in sales of those
 products.

 The Company depends upon patents to provide it with exclusive
 marketing rights for its products for some period of time. As
 product patents for several of the Company’s products have
 recently expired, or are about to expire, in the United States
 and in other countries, the Company faces strong competition
 from lower price generic

 20

Table of Contents

 drugs. Loss of patent protection for one of the Company’s
 products typically leads to a rapid loss of sales for that
 product, as lower priced generic versions of that drug become
 available. In the case of products that contribute significantly
 to the Company’s sales, the loss of patent protection can
 have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business,
 cash flow, results of operations, financial position and
 prospects.

 Fosamax and 
Fosamax Plus D lost marketing
 exclusivity in the United States in 2008. As a result of these
 events, the Company is experiencing significant declines in

Fosamax and 
Fosamax Plus D U.S. sales. Sales
 of 
Fosamax outside the United States have already been
 adversely affected by the availability of generic alendronate
 sodium products in some markets, including the United Kingdom,
 Canada and Germany. Also, 
Trusopt and 
Cosopt lost
 market exclusivity in the United States in October 2008 and as a
 result the Company is experiencing a significant decline in
 sales of these products.

 The patent that provides U.S. market exclusivity for
 Primaxin expires in September 2009. After such time, the
 Company expects a significant decline in U.S. sales of

Primaxin. In addition, 
Cozaar and 
Hyzaar
 will each lose patent protection in the United States in April
 2010. The Company expects significant declines in U.S. sales of
 these products after that time.

 A chart listing the U.S. patent protection for the
 Company’s major marketed products is set forth above in
 Item 1. “Business — Patents, Trademarks and
 Licenses.”

 The Company’s research and development efforts may not
 succeed in developing commercially successful products and the
 Company may not be able to acquire commercially successful
 products in other ways; in consequence, the Company may not be
 able to replace sales of successful products that have lost
 patent protection.

 Like other major pharmaceutical companies, in order to remain
 competitive, the Company must continue to launch new products
 each year. Declines in sales of products such as Zocor
 and 
Fosamax after the loss of marketing exclusivity
 mean that the Company’s future success is dependent on its
 pipeline of new products, including new products which it
 develops through joint ventures and products which it is able to
 obtain through license or acquisition. To accomplish this, the
 Company commits substantial effort, funds and other resources to
 research and development, both through its own dedicated
 resources, and through various collaborations with third
 parties. To support its research and development efforts the
 Company must make ongoing, substantial expenditures, without any
 assurance that the efforts it is funding will result in a
 commercially successful product. The Company must also commit
 substantial efforts, funds and other resources to recruiting and
 retaining high quality scientists and other personnel with
 pharmaceutical research and development expertise.

 For a description of the research and development process, see
 “Research and Development” above. Each phase of
 testing is highly regulated, and during each phase there is a
 substantial risk that the Company will encounter serious
 obstacles or will not achieve its goals, and accordingly the
 Company may abandon a product in which it has invested
 substantial amounts of time and money. Some of the risks
 encountered in the research and development process include the
 following: pre-clinical testing of a new compound may yield
 disappointing results; clinical trials of a new drug may not be
 successful; a new drug may not be effective or may have harmful
 side effects; a new drug may not be approved by the FDA for its
 intended use; it may not be possible to obtain a patent for a
 new drug; or sales of a new product may be disappointing.

 The Company cannot state with certainty when or whether any of
 its products now under development will be approved or launched;
 whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire
 compounds, product candidates or products; or whether any
 products, once launched, will be commercially successful. The
 Company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new
 products and successful new indications or brand extensions for
 existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial
 research and development costs and to replace sales that are
 lost as profitable products, such as Zocor and

Fosamax, lose patent protection or are displaced by
 competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short
 term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s business, results of operations, cash flow,
 financial position and prospects.

 21

Table of Contents

 Issues concerning Vytorin and the ENHANCE and SEAS
 clinical trials have had an adverse effect on sales of

Vytorin and 
Zetia in the U.S.

 The Company and Schering-Plough sell Vytorin and 
Zetia
 through their joint venture company, the MSP Partnership. On
 January 14, 2008, the MSP Partnership announced the primary
 endpoint and other results of the ENHANCE trial. ENHANCE was a
 surrogate endpoint trial conducted in 720 patients with
 Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia, a rare condition
 that affects approximately 0.2% of the population. The primary
 endpoint was the mean change in the intima-media thickness
 measured at three sites in the carotid arteries (the right and
 left common carotid, internal carotid and carotid bulb) between
 patients treated with ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/80 mg versus
 patients treated with simvastatin 80 mg alone over a two
 year period. There was no statistically significant difference
 between treatment groups on the primary endpoint. There was also
 no statistically significant difference between the treatment
 groups for each of the components of the primary endpoint,
 including the common carotid artery.

 As previously disclosed, the Company and its joint venture
 partner, Schering-Plough, have received several letters
 addressed to both companies from the House Committee on Energy
 and Commerce, its Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
 (“O&I”), and the Ranking Minority Member of the
 Senate Finance Committee, collectively seeking a combination of
 witness interviews, documents and information on a variety of
 issues related to the ENHANCE clinical trial, the sale and
 promotion of Vytorin, as well as sales of stock by
 corporate officers. In addition, since August 2008, the
 companies have received three additional letters from O&I,
 including one dated February 19, 2009, seeking certain
 information and documents related to the SEAS clinical trial,
 which is described in more detail below. The companies have each
 received subpoenas from the New York and New Jersey State
 Attorneys General Offices and a letter from the Connecticut
 Attorney General seeking similar information and documents. In
 addition, the Company has received five Civil Investigative
 Demands (“CIDs”) from a multistate group of 35 State
 Attorneys General who are jointly investigating whether the
 companies violated state consumer protection laws when marketing

Vytorin. Finally, in September 2008, the Company received
 a letter from the Civil Division of the DOJ informing it that
 the DOJ is investigating whether the companies’ conduct
 relating to the promotion of 
Vytorin caused false claims
 to be submitted to federal health care programs. The Company is
 cooperating with these investigations and working with
 Schering-Plough to respond to the inquiries. In addition, the
 Company has become aware of or been served with approximately
 145 civil class action lawsuits alleging common law and state
 consumer fraud claims in connection with the MSP
 Partnership’s sale and promotion of 
Vytorin and

Zetia. Certain of those lawsuits allege personal injuries

and/or seek
 medical monitoring. Also, as previously disclosed, on
 April 3, 2008, a Merck shareholder filed a putative class
 action lawsuit in federal court in the Eastern District of
 Pennsylvania alleging that Merck and its Chairman, President and
 Chief Executive Officer, Richard T. Clark, violated the federal
 securities laws. On April 22, 2008, a member of a Merck
 ERISA plan filed a putative class action lawsuit against the
 Company and certain of its officers and directors alleging they
 breached their fiduciary duties under ERISA.

 In January 2009, the FDA announced that it had completed its
 review of the final clinical study report of ENHANCE. The FDA
 stated that the results from ENHANCE did not change its position
 that an elevated LDL cholesterol is a risk factor for
 cardiovascular disease and that lowering LDL cholesterol reduces
 the risk for cardiovascular disease. The FDA also stated that,
 based on current available data, patients should not stop taking
 Vytorin or other cholesterol lowering medications and
 should talk to their doctor if they have any questions about

Vytorin, 
Zetia, or the ENHANCE trial.

 In July 2008, efficacy and safety results from the SEAS study
 were announced. SEAS was designed to evaluate whether intensive
 lipid lowering with Vytorin would reduce the need for
 aortic valve replacement and the risk of cardiovascular
 morbidity and mortality versus placebo in patients with
 asymptomatic mild to moderate aortic stenosis who had no
 indication for statin therapy. 
Vytorin failed to meet its
 primary end point for the reduction of major cardiovascular
 events. There also was no significant difference in the key
 secondary end point of aortic valve events; however, there was a
 reduction in the group of patients taking 
Vytorin
 compared to placebo in the key secondary end point of
 ischemic cardiovascular events. In the study, patients in the
 group who took 
Vytorin had a higher incidence of cancer
 than the group who took placebo. There was also a nonsignificant
 increase in deaths from

 22

Table of Contents

 cancer in patients in the group who took Vytorin versus
 those who took placebo. Cancer and cancer deaths were
 distributed across all major organ systems.

 In August 2008, the FDA announced that it was investigating the
 results from the SEAS trial. In this announcement, the FDA also
 cited interim data from two large ongoing cardiovascular trials
 of Vytorin — the Study of Heart and Renal
 Protection (“SHARP”) and the IMPROVE-IT clinical
 trials — in which there was no increased risk of
 cancer with the combination of simvastatin plus ezetimibe. The
 SHARP trial is expected to be completed in 2010. The IMPROVE-IT
 trial is scheduled for completion around 2012. The FDA
 determined that, as of that time, these findings in the SEAS
 trial plus the interim data from ongoing trials should not
 prompt patients to stop taking 
Vytorin or any other
 cholesterol lowering drug.

 Following the announcements of the ENHANCE and SEAS clinical
 trial results, sales of Vytorin and 
Zetia declined
 in 2008 in the U.S. These issues concerning the ENHANCE and
 SEAS clinical trials have had an adverse effect on the MSP
 Partnership’s sales of 
Vytorin and 
Zetia and
 could continue to have an adverse effect on such sales. If sales
 of such products are materially adversely affected, the
 Company’s business, cash flow, results of operations,
 financial position and prospects could also be materially
 adversely affected. In addition, unfavorable outcomes resulting
 from the government investigations or the litigation concerning
 the sale and promotion of these products could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s business, cash flow,
 results of operations, financial position and prospects.

 The Company’s products, including products in
 development, can not be marketed unless the Company obtains and
 maintains regulatory approval.

 The Company’s activities, including research, preclinical
 testing, clinical trials and manufacturing and marketing its
 products, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous
 federal, state and local governmental authorities in the United
 States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory
 authorities, including the European Commission. In the United
 States, the FDA is of particular importance to the Company, as
 it administers requirements covering the testing, approval,
 safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling and marketing of
 prescription pharmaceuticals. In many cases, the FDA
 requirements have increased the amount of time and money
 necessary to develop new products and bring them to market in
 the United States. Regulation outside the United States also is
 primarily focused on drug safety and effectiveness and, in many
 cases, cost reduction. The FDA and foreign regulatory
 authorities have substantial discretion to require additional
 testing, to delay or withhold registration and marketing
 approval and to mandate product withdrawals.

 Even if the Company is successful in developing new products, it
 will not be able to market any of those products unless and
 until it has obtained all required regulatory approvals in each
 jurisdiction where it proposes to market the new products. Once
 obtained, the Company must maintain approval as long as it plans
 to market its new products in each jurisdiction where approval
 is required. The Company’s failure to obtain approval,
 significant delays in the approval process, or its failure to
 maintain approval in any jurisdiction will prevent it from
 selling the new products in that jurisdiction until approval is
 obtained, if ever. The Company would not be able to realize
 revenues for those new products in any jurisdiction where it
 does not have approval.

 The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its
 patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business
 would be adversely affected.

 Patent protection is considered, in the aggregate, to be of
 material importance in the Company’s marketing of human
 health products in the United States and in most major foreign
 markets. Patents covering products that it has introduced
 normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the
 successful marketing and sale of its products. The Company seeks
 patents covering each of its products in each of the markets
 where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful
 patent protection is available.

 Even if the Company succeeds in obtaining patents covering its
 products, third parties or government authorities may challenge
 or seek to invalidate or circumvent its patents and patent
 applications. It is important for the Company’s business to
 defend successfully the patent rights that provide market
 exclusivity for its products. The Company is often involved in
 patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or
 infringement and similar claims against the Company. The Company
 aggressively defends its important patents both within and
 outside the United States, including by filing claims of
 infringement against other parties. See Item 3. “Legal
 Proceedings — Patent

 23

Table of Contents

 Litigation” below. In particular, manufacturers of generic
 pharmaceutical products from time to time file Abbreviated New
 Drug Applications (“ANDA”) with the FDA seeking to
 market generic forms of the Company’s products prior to the
 expiration of relevant patents owned by the Company. The Company
 normally responds by vigorously defending its patent, including
 by filing lawsuits alleging patent infringement. Patent
 litigation and other challenges to the Company’s patents
 are costly and unpredictable and may deprive the Company of
 market exclusivity for a patented product or, in some cases,
 third party patents may prevent the Company from marketing and
 selling a product in a particular geographic area.

 As discussed below in Item 3. “Legal
 Proceedings — Patent Litigation,” the Company has
 received a notice from Teva Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
 (“Teva”), a generic company, indicating that it had
 filed an ANDA for montelukast and that it is challenging the
 U.S. patent that is listed for Singulair. On
 April 2, 2007, the Company filed a patent infringement
 action against Teva. The lawsuit automatically stays FDA
 approval of Teva’s ANDA until August 2009 or until an
 adverse court decision, if any, whichever may occur earlier. A
 trial in this matter commenced on February 23, 2009.

 If one or more important products lose patent protection in
 profitable markets, sales of those products are likely to
 decline significantly as a result of generic versions of those
 products becoming available. The Company’s results of
 operations may be adversely affected by the lost sales unless
 and until the Company has successfully launched commercially
 successful replacement products.

 The Company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic
 products.

 In general, the Company faces increasing competition from
 lower-cost generic products. The patent rights that protect its
 products are of varying strengths and durations. In addition, in
 some countries, patent protection is significantly weaker than
 in the United States or the EU. In the United States, political
 pressure to reduce spending on prescription drugs has led to
 legislation which encourages the use of generic products.
 Although it is the Company’s policy to actively protect its
 patent rights, generic challenges to the Company’s products
 can arise at any time, and it may not be able to prevent the
 emergence of generic competition for its products.

 Loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed
 promptly by generic substitutes, reducing the Company’s
 sales of that product. Availability of generic substitutes for
 the Company’s drugs may adversely affect its results of
 operations and cash flow. In addition, proposals emerge from
 time to time in the United States and other countries for
 legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of
 generic drugs. Any such proposal that is enacted into law could
 worsen this substantial negative effect on the Company’s
 sales and, potentially, its business, cash flow, results of
 operations, financial position and prospects.

 The Company faces intense competition from new products.

 The Company’s products face intense competition from
 competitors’ products. This competition may increase as new
 products enter the market. In such an event, the
 competitors’ products may be safer or more effective or
 more effectively marketed and sold than the Company’s
 products. Alternatively, in the case of generic competition,
 they may be equally safe and effective products which are sold
 at a substantially lower price than the Company’s products.
 As a result, if the Company fails to maintain its competitive
 position, this could have a material adverse effect on its
 business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position
 and prospects.

 The Company faces pricing pressure with respect to its
 products.

 The Company’s products are subject to increasing price
 pressures and other restrictions worldwide, including in the
 United States. In the United States, these include
 (i) practices of managed care groups and institutional and
 governmental purchasers and (ii) U.S. federal laws and
 regulations related to Medicare and Medicaid, including the
 Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of
 2003 (the “2003 Act”). The 2003 Act included a
 prescription drug benefit for individuals which first went into
 effect on January 1, 2006. The increased purchasing power
 of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries
 could result in further pricing pressures.

 Outside the United States, numerous major markets have pervasive
 government involvement in funding healthcare, and in that
 regard, fix the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical and
 vaccine products.

 24

Table of Contents

 Consequently, in those markets, the Company is subject to
 government decision making and budgetary actions with respect to
 its products.

 The Company expects pricing pressures to increase in the future.

 The Company is experiencing difficulties and delays in the
 manufacturing of certain of its products.

 As previously disclosed, the Company has experienced
 difficulties in manufacturing certain of its vaccines and other
 products. The Company is working on these issues, but there can
 be no assurance of when or if these issues will be finally
 resolved.

 In addition to the difficulties that the Company is experiencing
 currently, the Company may experience difficulties and delays
 inherent in manufacturing its products, such as (i) failure
 of the Company or any of its vendors or suppliers to comply with
 Current Good Manufacturing Practices and other applicable
 regulations and quality assurance guidelines that could lead to
 manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages and delays in product
 manufacturing; (ii) construction delays related to the
 construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing
 facilities, including those intended to support future demand
 for the Company’s products; and (iii) other
 manufacturing or distribution problems including changes in
 manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing
 capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of
 products produced, or physical limitations that could impact
 continuous supply. Manufacturing difficulties can result in
 product shortages, leading to lost sales.

 Pharmaceutical products can develop unexpected safety or
 efficacy concerns.

 Unexpected safety or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to
 marketed products, whether or not scientifically justified,
 leading to product recalls, withdrawals, or declining sales, as
 well as product liability, consumer fraud
 and/or other
 claims.

 The Company has no product liability insurance for products
 first sold after August 1, 2004.

 As a result of a number of factors, product liability insurance
 has become less available while the cost has increased
 significantly. The Company has evaluated its risks and has
 determined that the cost of obtaining product liability
 insurance outweighs the likely benefits of the coverage that is
 available and, as such, has no insurance for certain product
 liabilities effective August 1, 2004, including liability
 for products first sold after that date.

 Changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect the
 Company’s business.

 All aspects of the Company’s business, including research
 and development, manufacturing, marketing, pricing, sales,
 litigation and intellectual property rights, are subject to
 extensive legislation and regulation. Changes in applicable
 federal and state laws and agency regulations could have a
 material adverse effect on the Company’s business.

 The recent financial crisis and current uncertainty in global
 economic conditions could negatively affect the Company’s
 operating results.

 The current financial crisis and uncertainty in global economic
 conditions have resulted in substantial volatility in the credit
 markets and a low level of liquidity in many financial markets.
 These conditions may result in a further slowdown to the global
 economy that could affect the Company’s business by
 reducing the prices that drug wholesalers and retailers,
 hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers
 may be able or willing to pay for the Company’s products or
 by reducing the demand for the Company’s products, which
 could in turn negatively impact the Company’s sales and
 revenue generation and result in a material adverse effect on
 the Company’s business, cash flow, results of operations,
 financial position and prospects.

 Reliance on third party relationships and outsourcing
 arrangements could adversely affect the Company’s
 business.

 The Company depends on third parties, including suppliers,
 alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies
 and third party service providers, for key aspects of its
 business including development, manufacture and
 commercialization of its products and support for its
 information technology systems. Failure of these third parties
 to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations to
 the Company or the development of factors that materially
 disrupt the relationships between the Company and these third
 parties, could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s business.

 25

Table of Contents

 The Company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated
 information technology
 and infrastructure.

 The Company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated
 information technology and infrastructure. Any significant
 breakdown, intrusion, interruption or corruption of these
 systems or data breaches could have a material adverse effect on
 our business. In addition, the Company currently is proceeding
 with a multi-year implementation of an enterprise wide resource
 planning system, which includes modification to the design,
 operation and documentation of its internal controls over
 financial reporting, and intends to implement the resource
 planning system in the U.S. in 2009. Any material problems
 in the implementation could have a material adverse effect on
 the Company’s business.

 Cautionary
 Factors that May Affect Future Results

 (Cautionary Statements Under the Private Securities Litigation
 Reform Act of 1995)

 This report, including the Annual Report, and other written
 reports and oral statements made from time to time by the
 Company may contain so-called “forward-looking
 statements,” all of which are based on management’s
 current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties
 which may cause results to differ materially from those set
 forth in the statements. One can identify these forward-looking
 statements by their use of words such as “expects,”
 “plans,” “will,” “estimates,”
 “forecasts,” “projects” and other words of
 similar meaning. One can also identify them by the fact that
 they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts.
 These statements are likely to address the Company’s growth
 strategy, financial results, product development, product
 approvals, product potential, and development programs. One must
 carefully consider any such statement and should understand that
 many factors could cause actual results to differ materially
 from the Company’s forward-looking statements. These
 factors include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety of
 other risks and uncertainties, including some that are known and
 some that are not. No forward-looking statement can be
 guaranteed and actual future results may vary materially. The
 Company does not assume the obligation to update any
 forward-looking statement. The Company cautions you not to place
 undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although it
 is not possible to predict or identify all such factors, they
 may include the following:

 •  

 Significant litigation related to Vioxx.

 •  

 Competition from generic products as the Company’s products
 lose patent protection.

 •  

 Increased “brand” competition in therapeutic areas
 important to the Company’s long-term business performance.

 •  

 The difficulties and uncertainties inherent in new product
 development. The outcome of the lengthy and complex process of
 new product development is inherently uncertain. A drug
 candidate can fail at any stage of the process and one or more
 late-stage product candidates could fail to receive regulatory
 approval. New product candidates may appear promising in
 development but fail to reach the market because of efficacy or
 safety concerns, the inability to obtain necessary regulatory
 approvals, the difficulty or excessive cost to manufacture
 and/or the
 infringement of patents or intellectual property rights of
 others. Furthermore, the sales of new products may prove to be
 disappointing and fail to reach anticipated levels.

 •  

 Pricing pressures, both in the United States and abroad,
 including rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial
 decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to
 Medicare, Medicaid and health care reform, pharmaceutical
 reimbursement and pricing in general.

 •  

 Changes in government laws and regulations and the enforcement
 thereof affecting the Company’s business.

 •  

 Efficacy or safety concerns with respect to marketed products,
 whether or not scientifically justified, leading to product
 recalls, withdrawals or declining sales.

 •  

 Legal factors, including product liability claims, antitrust
 litigation and governmental investigations, including tax
 disputes, environmental concerns and patent disputes with
 branded and generic competitors, any of which could preclude
 commercialization of products or negatively affect the
 profitability of existing products.

 •  

 Lost market opportunity resulting from delays and uncertainties
 in the approval process of the FDA and foreign regulatory
 authorities.

 26

Table of Contents

 •  

 Increased focus on privacy issues in countries around the world,
 including the United States and the EU. The legislative and
 regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues
 to evolve, and there has been an increasing amount of focus on
 privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect
 directly the Company’s business, including recently enacted
 laws in a majority of U.S. states requiring security breach
 notification.

 •  

 Changes in tax laws including changes related to the taxation of
 foreign earnings.

 •  

 Changes in accounting pronouncements promulgated by
 standard-setting or regulatory bodies, including the Financial
 Accounting Standards Board and the SEC, that are adverse to the
 Company.

 •  

 Economic factors over which the Company has no control,
 including changes in inflation, interest rates and foreign
 currency exchange rates.

 This list should not be considered an exhaustive statement of
 all potential risks and uncertainties. See “Risk
 Factors” above.