.

 You should carefully consider all of the information set forth
 in this
 Form 10-K,
 including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest
 in any of the Company’s securities. The risks below are not
 the only ones the Company faces. Additional risks not currently
 known to the Company or that the Company presently deems
 immaterial may also impair its business operations. The
 Company’s business, financial condition, results of
 operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected
 by any of these risks. This

Form 10-K
 also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
 uncertainties. The Company’s results could materially
 differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking
 statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks
 it faces as described below and elsewhere. See “Cautionary
 Factors that May Affect Future Results” on page 21.

 The Company faces significant litigation related to
 Vioxx.

 On September 30, 2004, the Company voluntarily withdrew
 Vioxx, its arthritis and acute pain medication, from the
 market worldwide. As of December 31, 2006, approximately
 27,400 product liability lawsuits, involving approximately
 46,100 plaintiff groups, alleging personal injuries resulting
 from the use of 
Vioxx, have been filed against the
 Company in state and federal courts in the United States. The
 Company is also a defendant in approximately 264 purported class
 actions related to the use of 
Vioxx. (All of these suits
 are referred to as the “
Vioxx Product Liability
 Lawsuits”.) In addition to the 
Vioxx Product
 Liability Lawsuits, various purported class actions and
 individual lawsuits have been brought against the Company and
 several current and former officers and directors of the Company
 alleging that the Company made false and misleading statements
 regarding 
Vioxx in violation of the federal and state
 securities laws (all of these suits are referred to as the
 “
Vioxx Securities Lawsuits”). In addition,
 various putative class actions have been brought against the
 Company and several current and former

 16

 employees, officers, and directors of the Company alleging
 violations of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
 (“ERISA”). (All of these suits are referred to as the
 “Vioxx ERISA Lawsuits”.) In addition,
 shareholder derivative suits that were previously filed and
 dismissed are now on appeal and several shareholders have filed
 demands with the Company asserting claims against the Board
 members and Company officers. (All of these suits and demands
 are referred to as the “
Vioxx Derivative
 Lawsuits” and, together with the 
Vioxx Securities
 Lawsuits and the 
Vioxx ERISA Lawsuits, the “
Vioxx
 Shareholder Lawsuits”.) The Company has also been named
 as a defendant in actions in various countries outside the
 United States. (All of these suits are referred to as the
 “
Vioxx Foreign Lawsuits”.) The Company has also
 been sued by four states with respect to the marketing of

Vioxx. The Company anticipates that additional lawsuits
 relating to 
Vioxx will be filed against it

and/or
 certain of its current and former officers and directors in the
 future.

 The SEC is conducting a formal investigation of the Company
 concerning Vioxx. The U.S. Department of Justice has
 issued a subpoena requesting information relating to the
 Company’s research, marketing and selling activities with
 respect to 
Vioxx in a federal health care investigation
 under criminal statutes. There are also ongoing investigations
 by certain Congressional committees and local authorities in
 Europe. A group of Attorneys General from thirty-one states and
 the District of Columbia are conducting an investigation of the
 Company’s sales and marketing of 
Vioxx. The Company
 is cooperating with authorities in all of these investigations.
 (All of these investigations are referred to as the
 “
Vioxx Investigations”.) The Company can not
 predict the outcome of any of these investigations; however,
 they could result in potential civil

and/or
 criminal liability.

 To date, in the Vioxx Product Liability litigation, of
 the 29 plaintiffs whose claims have been scheduled for trial,
 the claims of seven were dismissed, the claims of seven were
 withdrawn from the trial calendar by plaintiffs, and juries have
 decided in Merck’s favor nine times and in plaintiffs’
 favor four times. In addition, in the recent California trial
 involving two plaintiffs, the jury could not reach a verdict for
 either plaintiff and a mistrial was declared. A New Jersey state
 judge set aside one of the nine Merck verdicts. With respect to
 the four plaintiffs’ verdicts, Merck already has filed an
 appeal or sought judicial review in each of those cases, and in
 one of those four, a federal judge overturned the damage award
 shortly after trial. In addition, a consolidated trial with two
 plaintiffs is currently ongoing in the coordinated proceeding in
 New Jersey Superior Court before Judge Higbee and another trial
 has commenced in state court in Illinois. The 
Vioxx
 Product Liability litigation is discussed more fully below
 in Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” below.

 The outcomes of these Vioxx Product Liability trials
 should not be interpreted to indicate any trend or what outcome
 may be likely in future 
Vioxx trials.

 The Company currently anticipates that a number of Vioxx
 Product Liability Lawsuits will be tried in 2007. A trial in
 the Oregon securities case is scheduled for 2007, but the
 Company cannot predict whether this trial will proceed on
 schedule or the timing of any of the other 
Vioxx
 Shareholder Lawsuit trials. The Company believes that it has
 meritorious defenses to the 
Vioxx Product Liability
 Lawsuits, 
Vioxx Shareholder Lawsuits and 
Vioxx
 Foreign Lawsuits (collectively, the “
Vioxx
 Lawsuits”) and will vigorously defend against them. The
 Company’s insurance coverage with respect to the 
Vioxx
 Lawsuits will not be adequate to cover its defense costs and
 any losses.

 During 2006, the Company spent $500 million, including
 $175 million in the fourth quarter, in the aggregate in
 legal defense costs worldwide related to (i) the Vioxx
 Product Liability Lawsuits, (ii) the Vioxx Shareholder
 Lawsuits, (iii) the 
Vioxx Foreign Lawsuits, and
 (iv) the 
Vioxx Investigations (collectively, the
 “
Vioxx Litigation”). In the third quarter of
 2006, the Company recorded a charge of $598 million and in
 the fourth quarter it recorded another charge of
 $75 million, to increase the reserve solely for its future
 legal defense costs related to the 
Vioxx Litigation from
 $685 million at December 31, 2005 to $858 million
 at December 31, 2006. This reserve is based on certain
 assumptions, described below under “Legal
 Proceedings”, and is the best estimate of the amount that
 the Company believes, at this time, will be spent through 2008.

 The Company is not currently able to estimate any amount of
 damages that it may be required to pay in connection with the
 Vioxx Lawsuits or 
Vioxx Investigations. These
 proceedings, which are expected to continue for years, are
 currently at an early stage and the Company has very little
 information as to the course the proceedings will take. In view
 of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of
 litigation, particularly where there are many claimants and the
 claimants seek unspecified damages, the Company is unable to
 predict the outcome of these matters, and at this time cannot
 reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss with
 respect to the 
Vioxx 

 17

 Lawsuits. The Company has not established any reserves for any
 potential liability relating to the Vioxx Lawsuits or the

Vioxx Investigations.

 A series of unfavorable outcomes in the Vioxx Lawsuits or
 the 
Vioxx Investigations, resulting in the payment of
 substantial damages or fines or resulting in criminal penalties,
 could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
 business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position
 and prospects.

 Certain of the Company’s major products are going to
 lose patent protection in the near future and, when that occurs,
 the Company expects a significant decline in sales of those
 products.

 The Company depends upon patents to provide it with exclusive
 marketing rights for its products for some period of time. As
 product patents for several of the Company’s products have
 recently expired, or are about to expire, in the United States
 and in other countries, the Company faces strong competition
 from lower price generic drugs. Loss of patent protection for
 one of the Company’s products typically leads to a rapid
 loss of sales for that product, as lower priced generic versions
 of that drug become available. In the case of products that
 contribute significantly to the Company’s sales, the loss
 of patent protection can have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s results of operations.

 In June 2006, Zocor, the Company’s statin for
 modifying cholesterol, lost its market exclusivity in the
 United States. 
Zocor had already lost its basic
 patent protection in many markets throughout the world. The
 Company has experienced a significant decline in 
Zocor
 sales. Worldwide sales of 
Zocor were
 $2.8 billion in 2006, compared to $4.4 billion in
 2005. Worldwide sales of 
Zocor are expected to be
 $0.6 billion to $0.9 billion in 2007.

 In September 2004, the Company appealed a decision of the
 Opposition Division (the “Opposition Division”) of the
 European Patent Office (the “EPO”) that revoked the
 Company’s patent in Europe that covers the once-weekly
 administration of alendronate. That decision was upheld and,
 therefore, presently the Company is not entitled to market
 exclusivity for Fosamax in most major European markets
 after 2007. In addition, Merck’s basic patent covering the
 use of alendronate has been challenged in several European
 countries. The Company has received adverse decisions in
 Germany, Holland and the United Kingdom. The decision in the
 United Kingdom was upheld on appeal. The Company has appealed
 the decisions in Germany and Holland. The Company expects a
 significant decline in European sales of 
Fosamax after
 loss of exclusivity. Sales of 
Fosamax outside the
 United States in 2006 have already been adversely affected
 by the availability of generic alendronate sodium products in
 some markets, including the United Kingdom, Canada and Germany.

 On January 28, 2005, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
 Federal Circuit in Washington, D.C. found the
 Company’s patent claims for once-weekly administration of
 Fosamax to be invalid. The Company exhausted all options
 to appeal this decision in 2005. Based on the Court of Appeals
 decision, 
Fosamax and 
Fosamax Plus D will lose
 market exclusivity in the United States in February 2008 and
 April 2008, respectively, and the Company expects a
 significant decline in 
Fosamax and 
Fosamax Plus D
 sales in the United States after each product’s respective
 loss of market exclusivity.

 The Company’s research and development efforts may not
 succeed in developing commercially successful products and the
 Company may not be able to acquire commercially successful
 products in other ways; in consequence, the Company may not be
 able to replace sales of successful products that have lost
 patent protection.

 Like other major pharmaceutical companies, in order to remain
 competitive, the Company must continue to launch new products
 each year. Declines in sales of products such as Zocor
 and 
Fosamax mean that the Company’s future
 success is dependent on its pipeline of new products, including
 new products which it develops through joint ventures and
 products which it is able to obtain through license or
 acquisition. To accomplish this, the Company commits substantial
 effort, funds and other resources to research and development,
 both through its own dedicated resources, and through various
 collaborations with third parties. To support its research and
 development efforts the Company must make ongoing, substantial
 expenditures, without any assurance that the efforts it is
 funding will result in a commercially successful product. The
 Company must also commit substantial efforts, funds and other
 resources to recruiting and retaining high quality scientists
 and other personnel with pharmaceutical research and development
 expertise.

 18

 Based on FDA statistics, drug development time from initiation
 of preclinical testing to NDA approval can range from 5 to
 20 years with an average of 8.5 years. For a
 description of the research and development process, see
 “Research and Development” above. Each phase of
 testing is highly regulated, and during each phase there is a
 substantial risk that the Company will encounter serious
 obstacles or will not achieve its goals, and accordingly the
 Company may abandon a product in which it has invested
 substantial amounts of time and money. Some of the risks
 encountered in the research and development process include the
 following: pre-clinical testing of a new compound may yield
 disappointing results; clinical trials of a new drug may not be
 successful; a new drug may not be effective or may have harmful
 side effects; a new drug may not be approved by the FDA for its
 intended use; it may not be possible to obtain a patent for a
 new drug; or sales of a new product may be disappointing.

 The Company cannot state with certainty when or whether any of
 its products now under development will be launched; whether it
 will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire compounds,
 product candidates or products; or whether any products, once
 launched, will be commercially successful. The Company must
 maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and
 successful new indications or brand extensions for existing
 products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and
 development costs and to replace sales that are lost as
 profitable products, such as Zocor and 
Fosamax,
 lose patent protection or are displaced by competing products or
 therapies. Failure to do so in the short term or long term would
 have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business,
 results of operations, cash flow, financial position and
 prospects.

 The Company’s products, including products in
 development, can not be marketed unless the Company obtains and
 maintains regulatory approval.

 The Company’s activities, including research, preclinical
 testing, clinical trials and manufacturing and marketing its
 products, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous
 federal, state and local governmental authorities in the United
 States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory
 authorities, including the European Commission. In the United
 States, the FDA is of particular importance to the Company, as
 it administers requirements covering the testing, approval,
 safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling and marketing of
 prescription pharmaceuticals. In many cases, the FDA
 requirements have increased the amount of time and money
 necessary to develop new products and bring them to market in
 the United States. Regulation outside the United States also is
 primarily focused on drug safety and effectiveness and, in many
 cases, cost reduction. The FDA and foreign regulatory
 authorities have substantial discretion to require additional
 testing, to delay or withhold registration and marketing
 approval and to mandate product withdrawals.

 Even if the Company is successful in developing new products, it
 will not be able to market any of those products unless and
 until it has obtained all required regulatory approvals in each
 jurisdiction where it proposes to market the new products. Once
 obtained, the Company must maintain approval as long as it plans
 to market its new products in each jurisdiction where approval
 is required. The Company’s failure to obtain approval,
 significant delays in the approval process, or its failure to
 maintain approval in any jurisdiction will prevent it from
 selling the new products in that jurisdiction until approval is
 obtained, if ever. The Company would not be able to realize
 revenues for those new products in any jurisdiction where it
 does not have approval.

 The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its
 patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business
 would be adversely affected.

 Patent protection is considered, in the aggregate, to be of
 material importance in the Company’s marketing of human
 health products in the United States and in most major foreign
 markets. Patents covering products that it has introduced
 normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the
 successful marketing and sale of its products. The Company seeks
 patents covering each of its products in each of the markets
 where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful
 patent protection is available.

 Even if the Company succeeds in obtaining patents covering its
 products, third parties or government authorities may challenge
 or seek to invalidate or circumvent its patents and patent
 applications. It is important for the Company’s business to
 defend successfully the patent rights that provide market
 exclusivity for its products. The Company is often involved in
 patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or
 infringement and similar claims against the Company. The Company
 aggressively defends its important patents both within and
 outside the United States, including by filing claims of
 infringement against other parties. See Item 3. “Legal
 Proceedings — Patent

 19

 Litigation” below. In particular, manufacturers of generic
 pharmaceutical products from time to time file Abbreviated New
 Drug Applications (“ANDA”) with the FDA seeking to
 market generic forms of the Company’s products prior to the
 expiration of relevant patents owned by the Company. The Company
 normally responds by vigorously defending its patent, including
 by filing lawsuits alleging patent infringement. Patent
 litigation and other challenges to the Company’s patents
 are costly and unpredictable and may deprive the Company of
 market exclusivity for a patented product or, in some cases,
 third party patents may prevent the Company from marketing and
 selling a product in a particular geographic area.

 If one or more important products lose patent protection in
 profitable markets, sales of those products are likely to
 decline significantly as a result of generic versions of those
 products becoming available. The Company’s results of
 operations may be adversely affected by the lost sales unless
 and until the Company has successfully launched commercially
 successful replacement products.

 The Company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic
 products.

 In general, the Company faces increasing competition from
 lower-cost generic products. The patent rights that protect its
 products are of varying strengths and durations. In addition, in
 some countries, patent protection is significantly weaker than
 in the United States or the EU. In the United States, political
 pressure to reduce spending on prescription drugs has led to
 legislation which encourages the use of generic products.
 Although it is the Company’s policy to actively protect its
 patent rights, generic challenges to the Company’s products
 can arise at any time, and it may not be able to prevent the
 emergence of generic competition for its products.

 Loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed
 promptly by generic substitutes, reducing the Company’s
 sales of that product. Availability of generic substitutes for
 the Company’s drugs may adversely affect its results of
 operations and cash flow. In addition, proposals emerge from
 time to time in the United States and other countries for
 legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of
 generic drugs. Any such proposal that is enacted into law could
 worsen this substantial negative effect on the Company’s
 sales and, potentially, its results of operations and cash flow.

 The Company faces intense competition from new products.

 The Company’s products face intense competition from
 competitors’ products. This competition may increase as new
 products enter the market. In such an event, the
 competitors’ products may be safer or more effective or
 more effectively marketed and sold than the Company’s
 products. Alternatively, in the case of generic competition,
 they may be equally safe and effective products which are sold
 at a substantially lower price than the Company’s products.
 As a result, if the Company fails to maintain its competitive
 position, this could have a material adverse effect on its
 business and results of operations.

 The Company faces pricing pressure with respect to its
 products.

 The Company’s products are subject to increasing price
 pressures and other restrictions worldwide, including in the
 United States. These include (i) practices of managed care
 groups and institutional and governmental purchasers and
 (ii) U.S. federal laws and regulations related to
 Medicare and Medicaid, including the Medicare Prescription Drug
 Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “2003
 Act”).

 The 2003 Act included a prescription drug benefit for
 individuals which first went into effect on January 1,
 2006. The increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate
 on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries could result in further
 pricing pressures. The Company expects pricing pressures to
 increase in the future.

 Changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect the
 Company’s business.

 All aspects of the Company’s business, including research
 and development, manufacturing, marketing, pricing, sales,
 litigation and intellectual property rights, are subject to
 extensive legislation and regulation. Changes in applicable
 federal and state laws and agency regulations could have a
 material adverse effect on the Company’s business.

 20

 Cautionary
 Factors that May Affect Future Results

 (Cautionary Statements Under the Private Securities
 Litigation Reform Act of 1995)

 This report and other written reports and oral statements made
 from time to time by the Company may contain so-called
 “forward-looking statements,” all of which are based
 on management’s current expectations and are subject to
 risks and uncertainties which may cause results to differ
 materially from those set forth in the statements. One can
 identify these forward-looking statements by their use of words
 such as “expects,” “plans,”
 “will,” “estimates,” “forecasts,”
 “projects” and other words of similar meaning. One can
 also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly
 to historical or current facts. These statements are likely to
 address the Company’s growth strategy, financial results,
 product development, product approvals, product potential, and
 development programs. One must carefully consider any such
 statement and should understand that many factors could cause
 actual results to differ materially from the Company’s
 forward-looking statements. These factors include inaccurate
 assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and
 uncertainties, including some that are known and some that are
 not. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual
 future results may vary materially. The Company does not assume
 the obligation to update any forward-looking statement. The
 Company cautions you not to place undue reliance on these
 forward-looking statements. Although it is not possible to
 predict or identify all such factors, they may include the
 following:

 •  

 Significant litigation related to Vioxx.

 •  

 Competition from generic products as the Company’s products
 lose patent protection.

 •  

 Increased “brand” competition in therapeutic areas
 important to the Company’s long-term business performance.

 •  

 The difficulties and uncertainties inherent in new product
 development. The outcome of the lengthy and complex process of
 new product development is inherently uncertain. A candidate can
 fail at any stage of the process and one or more late-stage
 product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval.
 New product candidates may appear promising in development but
 fail to reach the market because of efficacy or safety concerns,
 the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, the
 difficulty or excessive cost to manufacture
 and/or the
 infringement of patents or intellectual property rights of
 others. Furthermore, the sales of new products may prove to be
 disappointing and fail to reach anticipated levels.

 •  

 Pricing pressures, both in the United States and abroad,
 including rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial
 decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to
 Medicare, Medicaid and health care reform, pharmaceutical
 reimbursement and pricing in general.

 •  

 Changes in government laws and regulations and the enforcement
 thereof affecting the Company’s business.

 •  

 Efficacy or safety concerns with respect to marketed products,
 whether or not scientifically justified, leading to product
 recalls, withdrawals or declining sales.

 •  

 Legal factors, including product liability claims, antitrust
 litigation and governmental investigations, including tax
 disputes, environmental concerns and patent disputes with
 branded and generic competitors, any of which could preclude
 commercialization of products or negatively affect the
 profitability of existing products.

 •  

 Lost market opportunity resulting from delays and uncertainties
 in the approval process of the FDA and foreign regulatory
 authorities.

 •  

 Increased focus on privacy issues in countries around the world,
 including the United States and the EU. The legislative and
 regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues
 to evolve, and there has been an increasing amount of focus on
 privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect
 directly the Company’s business.

 •  

 Changes in tax laws including changes related to the taxation of
 foreign earnings.

 •  

 Changes in accounting pronouncements promulgated by
 standard-setting or regulatory bodies, including the Financial
 Accounting Standards Board and the SEC, that are adverse to the
 Company.

 21

 •  

 Economic factors over which the Company has no control,
 including changes in inflation, interest rates and foreign
 currency exchange rates.

 This list should not be considered an exhaustive statement of
 all potential risks and uncertainties. See “Risk
 Factors” on page 16.