.

 You should carefully consider all of the information set forth
 in this
 Form 10-K,
 including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest
 in any of the Company’s securities. The risks below are not
 the only ones the Company faces. Additional risks not currently
 known to the Company or that the Company presently deems
 immaterial may also impair its business operations. The
 Company’s business, financial condition, results of
 operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected
 by any of these risks. This

Form 10-K
 also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
 uncertainties. The Company’s results could materially
 differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking
 statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks
 it faces as described below and elsewhere. See “Cautionary
 Factors that May Affect Future Results” below.

 The Company faces significant litigation related to
 Vioxx.

 On September 30, 2004, the Company voluntarily withdrew
 Vioxx, its arthritis and acute pain medication, from the
 market worldwide. As of December 31, 2007, approximately
 26,500 product liability lawsuits, involving approximately
 47,275 plaintiff groups, alleging personal injuries resulting
 from the use of 
Vioxx, have been filed against the
 Company in state and federal courts in the United States. The
 Company is also a defendant in approximately 262 purported class
 actions related to the use of 
Vioxx. (All of these suits
 are referred to as the “
Vioxx Product Liability
 Lawsuits”.) As discussed above, on November 9, 2007,
 the Company announced that it had entered into an agreement (the
 “Settlement Agreement”) with the law firms that
 comprise the executive committee of the Plaintiffs’
 Steering Committee of the federal multidistrict 
Vioxx
 litigation as well as representatives of plaintiffs’
 counsel in the Texas, New Jersey and California state
 coordinated proceedings to resolve state and federal myocardial
 infarction (“MI”) and ischemic stroke (“IS”)
 claims filed as of that date in the United States. The
 Settlement Agreement, which also applies to tolled claims, was
 signed by the parties after several meetings with three of the
 four judges overseeing the coordination of more than
 95 percent of the current claims in the 
Vioxx
 product liability litigation. The Settlement Agreement
 applies only to U.S. legal residents and those who allege
 that their MI or IS occurred in the United States.

 Under the Settlement Agreement, if, by March 1, 2008
 (subject to extension), plaintiffs enroll in the resolution
 process (the “Settlement Program”) at least
 85 percent of each of all currently pending and tolled
 (i) MI claims, (ii) IS claims, (iii) eligible MI
 and IS claims together which involve death, and
 (iv) eligible MI and IS claims which together allege more
 than 12 months of use, Merck will pay an aggregate of
 $4.85 billion into two funds for qualifying claims
 consisting of $4.0 billion for qualifying MI claims and
 $850 million for qualifying IS claims. The Company expects
 that the participation conditions will be met; however, if they
 are not, the Company will have the right to waive the conditions
 or terminate the Settlement Agreement.

 Claims of certain individual third-party payors remain pending
 in the New Jersey court, and counsel purporting to represent a
 large number of third-party payors has threatened to file
 numerous additional such actions. Activity in the pending cases
 is currently stayed.

 There are also pending in various U.S. courts putative
 class actions purportedly brought on behalf of individual
 purchasers or users of Vioxx and claiming either
 reimbursement of alleged economic loss or an entitlement to
 medical monitoring. All of these cases are at early procedural
 stages, and no class has been certified. In New Jersey, the
 trial court dismissed the complaint in the case of Sinclair, a
 purported statewide medical monitoring class. The Appellate
 Division reversed the dismissal, and the issue is now on appeal
 to the New Jersey Supreme Court. That court heard argument on
 October 22, 2007.

 In addition to the Vioxx Product Liability Lawsuits,
 various purported class actions and individual lawsuits have
 been brought against the Company and several current and former
 officers and directors of the Company alleging that the Company
 made false and misleading statements regarding 
Vioxx in
 violation of the federal and state securities laws (all of these
 suits are referred to as the “
Vioxx Securities
 Lawsuits”). In addition, various putative class actions
 have been brought against the Company and several current and
 former employees,

 17

Table of Contents

 officers, and directors of the Company alleging violations of
 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”).
 (All of these suits are referred to as the “Vioxx
 ERISA Lawsuits”.) In addition, shareholder derivative
 suits that were previously filed and dismissed are now on appeal
 and several shareholders have filed demands with the Company
 asserting claims against the Board members and Company officers.
 (All of these suits and demands are referred to as the
 “
Vioxx Derivative Lawsuits” and, together with
 the 
Vioxx Securities Lawsuits and the 
Vioxx ERISA
 Lawsuits, the “
Vioxx Shareholder Lawsuits”.)
 The Company has also been named as a defendant in actions in
 various countries outside the United States. (All of these suits
 are referred to as the “
Vioxx Foreign
 Lawsuits”.) The Company has also been sued by seven states
 and two counties with respect to the marketing of 
Vioxx.
 The Company anticipates that additional lawsuits relating to

Vioxx will be filed against it

and/or
 certain of its current and former officers and directors in the
 future.

 The SEC is conducting a formal investigation of the Company
 concerning Vioxx. The U.S. Department of Justice has
 issued a subpoena requesting information relating to the
 Company’s research, marketing and selling activities with
 respect to 
Vioxx in a federal health care investigation
 under criminal statutes. There are also ongoing investigations
 by local authorities in Europe. A group of Attorneys General
 from thirty-one states and the District of Columbia are
 conducting an investigation of the Company’s sales and
 marketing of 
Vioxx. The Company is cooperating with
 authorities in all of these investigations. (All of these
 investigations are referred to as the “
Vioxx
 Investigations”.) The Company can not predict the
 outcome of any of these investigations; however, they could
 result in potential civil

and/or
 criminal liability.

 To date, in the Vioxx product liability litigation,
 juries have decided in Merck’s favor 12 times and in
 plaintiffs’ favor five times. One Merck verdict was set
 aside by the court and has not been retried. Another Merck
 verdict was set aside and retried, leading to one of the five
 plaintiff verdicts. There have been two unresolved mistrials.
 With respect to the five plaintiffs’ verdicts, Merck
 already has filed an appeal or sought judicial review in each of
 those cases, and in one of those four, a federal judge
 overturned the damage award shortly after trial. The 
Vioxx
 product liability litigation is discussed more fully in
 Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” below.

 The outcomes of these Vioxx Product Liability trials
 should not be interpreted to indicate any trend or what outcome
 may be likely in future 
Vioxx trials.

 The Company currently anticipates that a number of Vioxx
 Product Liability Lawsuits will be tried in 2008. A trial in
 the Oregon securities case is scheduled for 2008, but the
 Company cannot predict whether this trial will proceed on
 schedule or the timing of any of the other 
Vioxx
 Shareholder Lawsuit trials. The Company believes that it has
 meritorious defenses to the 
Vioxx Product Liability
 Lawsuits, 
Vioxx Shareholder Lawsuits and 
Vioxx
 Foreign Lawsuits (collectively, the “
Vioxx
 Lawsuits”) and will vigorously defend against them. The
 Company’s insurance coverage with respect to the

Vioxx Lawsuits will not be adequate to cover its defense
 costs and any losses.

 During 2007, the Company spent $616 million, including
 $200 million in the fourth quarter, in the aggregate in
 legal defense costs worldwide related to (i) the Vioxx
 Product Liability Lawsuits, (ii) the 
Vioxx
 Shareholder Lawsuits, (iii) the 
Vioxx Foreign
 Lawsuits, and (iv) the 
Vioxx Investigations
 (collectively, the “
Vioxx Litigation”). In the
 second quarter of 2007, the Company recorded a charge of
 $210 million and in the third quarter it recorded another
 charge of $70 million, to increase the reserve solely for
 its future legal defense costs related to the 
Vioxx
 Litigation from $858 million at December 31, 2006
 to $522 million at December 31, 2007. In addition, as
 noted above, the Company recorded a pretax charge of
 $4.85 billion equal to the aggregate amount to be paid to
 the qualifying claimants in the Settlement Program. Thus, the
 Company’s total reserve for the 
Vioxx Litigation at
 December 31, 2007 was $5.372 billion (the
 “
Vioxx Reserve”). The 
Vioxx Reserve is
 based on certain assumptions, described below under “Legal
 Proceedings”, and is the best estimate of the amount that
 the Company believes, at this time, will be spent through 2009.

 The Company is not currently able to estimate any additional
 amount of damages that it may be required to pay in connection
 with the Vioxx Lawsuits or 
Vioxx Investigations.
 These proceedings are still expected to continue for years and
 the Company has very little information as to the course the
 proceedings will take. In view of the inherent difficulty of
 predicting the outcome of litigation, particularly where there
 are many claimants and the claimants seek unspecified damages,
 the Company is unable to predict the outcome of these matters,
 and at this time cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss or
 range of loss with respect to the 
Vioxx Lawsuits not
 included in the

 18

Table of Contents

 Settlement Program. The Company has not established any reserves
 for any potential liability relating to the Vioxx
 Lawsuits not included in the Settlement Program or the

Vioxx Investigations.

 A series of unfavorable outcomes in the Vioxx Lawsuits or
 the 
Vioxx Investigations, resulting in the payment of
 substantial damages or fines or resulting in criminal penalties,
 in excess of the 
Vioxx Reserve, could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s business, cash flow,
 results of operations, financial position and prospects.

 Certain of the Company’s major products are going to
 lose patent protection in the near future and, when that occurs,
 the Company expects a significant decline in sales of those
 products.

 The Company depends upon patents to provide it with exclusive
 marketing rights for its products for some period of time. As
 product patents for several of the Company’s products have
 recently expired, or are about to expire, in the United States
 and in other countries, the Company faces strong competition
 from lower price generic drugs. Loss of patent protection for
 one of the Company’s products typically leads to a rapid
 loss of sales for that product, as lower priced generic versions
 of that drug become available. In the case of products that
 contribute significantly to the Company’s sales, the loss
 of patent protection can have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s results of operations.

 Fosamax lost market exclusivity in the United States in
 February 2008. 
Fosamax Plus D will lose marketing
 exclusivity in the United States in April 2008. As a result of
 these events, the Company expects significant declines in
 U.S. 
Fosamax and 
Fosamax Plus D sales.
 U.S. sales of 
Fosamax and 
Fosamax Plus D were
 $2.0 billion in the aggregate in 2007. Sales of 
Fosamax
 outside the United States have already been adversely
 affected by the availability of generic alendronate sodium
 products in some markets, including the United Kingdom, Canada
 and Germany.

 The Company’s research and development efforts may not
 succeed in developing commercially successful products and the
 Company may not be able to acquire commercially successful
 products in other ways; in consequence, the Company may not be
 able to replace sales of successful products that have lost
 patent protection.

 Like other major pharmaceutical companies, in order to remain
 competitive, the Company must continue to launch new products
 each year. Declines in sales of products such as Zocor
 and 
Fosamax mean that the Company’s future
 success is dependent on its pipeline of new products, including
 new products which it develops through joint ventures and
 products which it is able to obtain through license or
 acquisition. To accomplish this, the Company commits substantial
 effort, funds and other resources to research and development,
 both through its own dedicated resources, and through various
 collaborations with third parties. To support its research and
 development efforts the Company must make ongoing, substantial
 expenditures, without any assurance that the efforts it is
 funding will result in a commercially successful product. The
 Company must also commit substantial efforts, funds and other
 resources to recruiting and retaining high quality scientists
 and other personnel with pharmaceutical research and development
 expertise.

 For a description of the research and development process, see
 “Research and Development” above. Each phase of
 testing is highly regulated, and during each phase there is a
 substantial risk that the Company will encounter serious
 obstacles or will not achieve its goals, and accordingly the
 Company may abandon a product in which it has invested
 substantial amounts of time and money. Some of the risks
 encountered in the research and development process include the
 following: pre-clinical testing of a new compound may yield
 disappointing results; clinical trials of a new drug may not be
 successful; a new drug may not be effective or may have harmful
 side effects; a new drug may not be approved by the FDA for its
 intended use; it may not be possible to obtain a patent for a
 new drug; or sales of a new product may be disappointing.

 The Company cannot state with certainty when or whether any of
 its products now under development will be launched; whether it
 will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire compounds,
 product candidates or products; or whether any products, once
 launched, will be commercially successful. The Company must
 maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and
 successful new indications or brand extensions for existing
 products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and
 development costs and to replace sales that are lost as
 profitable products, such as Zocor and 
Fosamax,
 lose patent protection or are displaced by competing products
 or

 19

Table of Contents

 therapies. Failure to do so in the short term or long term would
 have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business,
 results of operations, cash flow, financial position and
 prospects.

 Issues concerning Vytorin and the ENHANCE clinical
 trial could have a material adverse effect on sales of

Vytorin and 
Zetia.

 The Company and Schering-Plough sell Vytorin and 
Zetia
 through their joint venture company, Merck/Schering-Plough
 Pharmaceuticals (the “MSP Partnership”). On
 January 14, 2008, the MSP Partnership announced the primary
 endpoint and other results of the ENHANCE (Effect of Combination
 Ezetimibe and High-Dose Simvastatin vs. Simvastatin Alone on the
 Atherosclerotic Process in Patients with Heterozygous Familial
 Hypercholesterolemia) trial. ENHANCE was a surrogate endpoint
 trial conducted in 720 patients with Heterozygous Familial
 Hypercholesterolemia, a rare condition that affects
 approximately 0.2% of the population. The primary endpoint was
 the mean change in the intima-media thickness measured at three
 sites in the carotid arteries (the right and left common
 carotid, internal carotid and carotid bulb) between patients
 treated with ezetimibe/simvastatin

10/80 mg
 versus patients treated with simvastatin 80 mg alone over a
 two year period. There was no statistically significant
 difference between treatment groups on the primary endpoint.
 There was also no statistically significant difference between
 the treatment groups for each of the components of the primary
 endpoint, including the common carotid artery.

 During December 2007 and through February 26, 2008, the
 Company and its joint-venture partner, Schering-Plough, received
 several joint letters from the House Committee on Energy and
 Commerce and the House Subcommittee on Oversight and
 Investigations, and one letter from the Senate Finance
 Committee, collectively seeking a combination of witness
 interviews, documents and information on a variety of issues
 related to the ENHANCE clinical trial, the sale and promotion of
 Vytorin, as well as sales of stock by corporate officers.
 On January 25, 2008, the companies and the MSP Partnership
 each received two subpoenas from the New York State Attorney
 General’s Office seeking similar information and documents.
 Merck and Schering-Plough have also each received a letter from
 the Office of the Connecticut Attorney General dated
 February 1, 2008, requesting documents related to the
 marketing and sale of 
Vytorin and 
Zetia and the
 timing of disclosures of the results of ENHANCE. The Company is
 cooperating with these investigations and working with
 Schering-Plough to respond to the inquiries. In addition, since
 mid-January 2008, the Company has become aware of or been served
 with approximately 85 civil class action lawsuits alleging
 common law and state consumer fraud claims in connection with
 the MSP Partnership’s sale and promotion of 
Vytorin
 and 
Zetia.

 The Company has been closely monitoring sales of Vytorin
 and 
Zetia following the release of the ENHANCE clinical
 trial results in a press release on January 14, 2008. To
 date, sales of both products in the U.S. have been below the
 Company’s prior expectations. In addition, wholesalers in
 the U.S. have moderated their purchases of both products to
 reduce their inventory levels.

 These issues concerning the ENHANCE clinical trial could have a
 material adverse effect on the MSP Partnership’s sales of
 Vytorin and 
Zetia. If sales of such products are
 materially adversely affected, the Company’s business, cash
 flow, results of operations, financial position and prospects
 could also be materially adversely affected. In addition,
 unfavorable outcomes resulting from the government
 investigations or the consumer fraud litigation concerning the
 sale and promotion of these products could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s financial position,
 liquidity and results of operations.

 The Company’s products, including products in
 development, can not be marketed unless the Company obtains and
 maintains regulatory approval.

 The Company’s activities, including research, preclinical
 testing, clinical trials and manufacturing and marketing its
 products, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous
 federal, state and local governmental authorities in the United
 States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory
 authorities, including the European Commission. In the United
 States, the FDA is of particular importance to the Company, as
 it administers requirements covering the testing, approval,
 safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling and marketing of
 prescription pharmaceuticals. In many cases, the FDA
 requirements have increased the amount of time and money
 necessary to develop new products and bring them to market in
 the United States. Regulation outside the United States also is
 primarily focused on drug safety and effectiveness and, in many
 cases, cost reduction. The

 20

Table of Contents

 FDA and foreign regulatory authorities have substantial
 discretion to require additional testing, to delay or withhold
 registration and marketing approval and to mandate product
 withdrawals.

 Even if the Company is successful in developing new products, it
 will not be able to market any of those products unless and
 until it has obtained all required regulatory approvals in each
 jurisdiction where it proposes to market the new products. Once
 obtained, the Company must maintain approval as long as it plans
 to market its new products in each jurisdiction where approval
 is required. The Company’s failure to obtain approval,
 significant delays in the approval process, or its failure to
 maintain approval in any jurisdiction will prevent it from
 selling the new products in that jurisdiction until approval is
 obtained, if ever. The Company would not be able to realize
 revenues for those new products in any jurisdiction where it
 does not have approval.

 The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its
 patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business
 would be adversely affected.

 Patent protection is considered, in the aggregate, to be of
 material importance in the Company’s marketing of human
 health products in the United States and in most major foreign
 markets. Patents covering products that it has introduced
 normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the
 successful marketing and sale of its products. The Company seeks
 patents covering each of its products in each of the markets
 where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful
 patent protection is available.

 Even if the Company succeeds in obtaining patents covering its
 products, third parties or government authorities may challenge
 or seek to invalidate or circumvent its patents and patent
 applications. It is important for the Company’s business to
 defend successfully the patent rights that provide market
 exclusivity for its products. The Company is often involved in
 patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or
 infringement and similar claims against the Company. The Company
 aggressively defends its important patents both within and
 outside the United States, including by filing claims of
 infringement against other parties. See Item 3. “Legal
 Proceedings — Patent Litigation” below. In
 particular, manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products
 from time to time file Abbreviated New Drug Applications
 (“ANDA”) with the FDA seeking to market generic forms
 of the Company’s products prior to the expiration of
 relevant patents owned by the Company. The Company normally
 responds by vigorously defending its patent, including by filing
 lawsuits alleging patent infringement. Patent litigation and
 other challenges to the Company’s patents are costly and
 unpredictable and may deprive the Company of market exclusivity
 for a patented product or, in some cases, third party patents
 may prevent the Company from marketing and selling a product in
 a particular geographic area.

 If one or more important products lose patent protection in
 profitable markets, sales of those products are likely to
 decline significantly as a result of generic versions of those
 products becoming available. The Company’s results of
 operations may be adversely affected by the lost sales unless
 and until the Company has successfully launched commercially
 successful replacement products.

 The Company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic
 products.

 In general, the Company faces increasing competition from
 lower-cost generic products. The patent rights that protect its
 products are of varying strengths and durations. In addition, in
 some countries, patent protection is significantly weaker than
 in the United States or the EU. In the United States, political
 pressure to reduce spending on prescription drugs has led to
 legislation which encourages the use of generic products.
 Although it is the Company’s policy to actively protect its
 patent rights, generic challenges to the Company’s products
 can arise at any time, and it may not be able to prevent the
 emergence of generic competition for its products.

 Loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed
 promptly by generic substitutes, reducing the Company’s
 sales of that product. Availability of generic substitutes for
 the Company’s drugs may adversely affect its results of
 operations and cash flow. In addition, proposals emerge from
 time to time in the United States and other countries for
 legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of
 generic drugs. Any such proposal that is enacted into law could
 worsen this substantial negative effect on the Company’s
 sales and, potentially, its results of operations and cash flow.

 21

Table of Contents

 The Company faces intense competition from new products.

 The Company’s products face intense competition from
 competitors’ products. This competition may increase as new
 products enter the market. In such an event, the
 competitors’ products may be safer or more effective or
 more effectively marketed and sold than the Company’s
 products. Alternatively, in the case of generic competition,
 they may be equally safe and effective products which are sold
 at a substantially lower price than the Company’s products.
 As a result, if the Company fails to maintain its competitive
 position, this could have a material adverse effect on its
 business and results of operations.

 The Company faces pricing pressure with respect to its
 products.

 The Company’s products are subject to increasing price
 pressures and other restrictions worldwide, including in the
 United States. These include (i) practices of managed care
 groups and institutional and governmental purchasers and
 (ii) U.S. federal laws and regulations related to
 Medicare and Medicaid, including the Medicare Prescription Drug
 Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “2003
 Act”).

 The 2003 Act included a prescription drug benefit for
 individuals which first went into effect on January 1,
 2006. The increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate
 on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries could result in further
 pricing pressures. The Company expects pricing pressures to
 increase in the future.

 The Company may experience difficulties and delays in the
 manufacturing of its products.

 The Company may experience difficulties and delays inherent in
 manufacturing its products, particularly its vaccines, such as
 (i) failure of the Company or any of its vendors or
 suppliers to comply with Current Good Manufacturing Practices
 and other applicable regulations and quality assurance
 guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product
 shortages and delays in product manufacturing;
 (ii) construction delays related to the construction of new
 facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including
 those intended to support future demand for the Company’s
 products; and (iii) other manufacturing or distribution
 problems including changes in manufacturing production sites and
 limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements,
 changes in types of products produced, or physical limitations
 that could impact continuous supply. Manufacturing difficulties
 can result in product shortages, leading to lost sales.

 Pharmaceutical products can develop unexpected safety or
 efficacy concerns.

 Unexpected safety or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to
 marketed products, whether or not scientifically justified,
 leading to product recalls, withdrawals, or declining sales, as
 well as product liability, consumer fraud
 and/or other
 claims.

 The Company has no product liability insurance for products
 first sold after August 1, 2004.

 As a result of a number of factors, product liability insurance
 has become less available while the cost has increased
 significantly. The Company has evaluated its risks and has
 determined that the cost of obtaining product liability
 insurance outweighs the likely benefits of the coverage that is
 available and as such, has no insurance for certain product
 liabilities effective August 1, 2004, including liability
 for products first sold after that date.

 Changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect the
 Company’s business.

 All aspects of the Company’s business, including research
 and development, manufacturing, marketing, pricing, sales,
 litigation and intellectual property rights, are subject to
 extensive legislation and regulation. Changes in applicable
 federal and state laws and agency regulations could have a
 material adverse effect on the Company’s business.

 Cautionary
 Factors that May Affect Future Results

 (Cautionary Statements Under the Private Securities Litigation
 Reform Act of 1995)

 This report and other written reports and oral statements made
 from time to time by the Company may contain so-called
 “forward-looking statements,” all of which are based
 on management’s current expectations and are subject to
 risks and uncertainties which may cause results to differ
 materially from those set forth in the statements. One can
 identify these forward-looking statements by their use of words
 such as “expects,” “plans,”

 22

Table of Contents

 “will,” “estimates,” “forecasts,”
 “projects” and other words of similar meaning. One can
 also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly
 to historical or current facts. These statements are likely to
 address the Company’s growth strategy, financial results,
 product development, product approvals, product potential, and
 development programs. One must carefully consider any such
 statement and should understand that many factors could cause
 actual results to differ materially from the Company’s
 forward-looking statements. These factors include inaccurate
 assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and
 uncertainties, including some that are known and some that are
 not. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual
 future results may vary materially. The Company does not assume
 the obligation to update any forward-looking statement. The
 Company cautions you not to place undue reliance on these
 forward-looking statements. Although it is not possible to
 predict or identify all such factors, they may include the
 following:

 •  

 Significant litigation related to Vioxx, including
 whether the Settlement Agreement will be consummated.

 •  

 Competition from generic products as the Company’s products
 lose patent protection.

 •  

 Increased “brand” competition in therapeutic areas
 important to the Company’s long-term business performance.

 •  

 The difficulties and uncertainties inherent in new product
 development. The outcome of the lengthy and complex process of
 new product development is inherently uncertain. A drug
 candidate can fail at any stage of the process and one or more
 late-stage product candidates could fail to receive regulatory
 approval. New product candidates may appear promising in
 development but fail to reach the market because of efficacy or
 safety concerns, the inability to obtain necessary regulatory
 approvals, the difficulty or excessive cost to manufacture
 and/or the
 infringement of patents or intellectual property rights of
 others. Furthermore, the sales of new products may prove to be
 disappointing and fail to reach anticipated levels.

 •  

 Pricing pressures, both in the United States and abroad,
 including rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial
 decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to
 Medicare, Medicaid and health care reform, pharmaceutical
 reimbursement and pricing in general.

 •  

 Changes in government laws and regulations and the enforcement
 thereof affecting the Company’s business.

 •  

 Efficacy or safety concerns with respect to marketed products,
 whether or not scientifically justified, leading to product
 recalls, withdrawals or declining sales.

 •  

 Legal factors, including product liability claims, antitrust
 litigation and governmental investigations, including tax
 disputes, environmental concerns and patent disputes with
 branded and generic competitors, any of which could preclude
 commercialization of products or negatively affect the
 profitability of existing products.

 •  

 Lost market opportunity resulting from delays and uncertainties
 in the approval process of the FDA and foreign regulatory
 authorities.

 •  

 Increased focus on privacy issues in countries around the world,
 including the United States and the EU. The legislative and
 regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues
 to evolve, and there has been an increasing amount of focus on
 privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect
 directly the Company’s business.

 •  

 Changes in tax laws including changes related to the taxation of
 foreign earnings.

 •  

 Changes in accounting pronouncements promulgated by
 standard-setting or regulatory bodies, including the Financial
 Accounting Standards Board and the SEC, that are adverse to the
 Company.

 •  

 Economic factors over which the Company has no control,
 including changes in inflation, interest rates and foreign
 currency exchange rates.

 This list should not be considered an exhaustive statement of
 all potential risks and uncertainties. See “Risk
 Factors” above.

 23

Table of Contents