We are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business. The following summarizes significant risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

A substantial or extended decline in liquid hydrocarbon or natural gas prices, or in refining and wholesale
marketing gross margins, would reduce our operating results and cash flows and could adversely impact our future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets. 

Prices for liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas and refining and wholesale marketing gross margins fluctuate widely. Our revenues, operating results and future rate of growth are highly dependent on the
prices we receive for our liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas and the margins we realize on our refined products. Historically, the markets for liquid hydrocarbons, natural gas and refined products have been volatile and may continue to be volatile
in the future. Many of the factors influencing prices of liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas and refining and wholesale marketing gross margins are beyond our control. These factors include: 

•

 worldwide and domestic supplies of and demand for liquid hydrocarbons, natural gas and refined products; 

•

 the cost of exploring for, developing and producing liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas; 

•

 the cost of crude oil to be manufactured into refined products; 

•

 utilization rates of refineries; 

•

 natural gas and electricity supply costs incurred by refineries; 

•

 the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain production controls;

•

 political instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions; 

•

 changes in weather patterns and climate; 

•

 natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornados; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative and competing forms of energy; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; and 

•

 general economic conditions worldwide. 

The long-term effects of these and other factors on the prices of liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas, as well as on refining and wholesale marketing gross margins, are uncertain. 

Lower liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas prices, may cause us to reduce the amount of these commodities that we produce, which may reduce
our revenues, operating income and cash flows. Significant reductions in liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas prices or refining and wholesale marketing gross margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures or impair the carrying value of
our assets. 

27 

Table of Contents

Estimates of liquid hydrocarbon, natural gas and synthetic crude oil reserves depend on many factors and
assumptions, including various assumptions that are based on conditions in existence as of the dates of the estimates. Any material changes in those conditions or other factors affecting those assumptions could impair the quantity and value of our
liquid hydrocarbon, natural gas and synthetic crude oil reserves. 

The proved reserve information included in this report
has been derived from engineering estimates. Estimates of liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves were prepared by our in-house teams of reservoir engineers and geoscience professionals and were reviewed, on a selected basis, by our Corporate
Reserves Group or third-party consultants. The synthetic crude oil reserves estimates were prepared by GLJ Petroleum Consultants, a third-party consulting firm experienced in working with oil sands. Reserves were priced at the average of closing
prices for the first day of each month in the 12-month period ended December 31, 2009, as well as other conditions in existence at the date. Any significant future price changes will have a material effect on the quantity and present value of
our proved reserves. Future reserve revisions could also result from changes in governmental regulation, among other things. 

Reserve estimation is a subjective process that involves estimating volumes to be recovered from underground accumulations of liquid hydrocarbon, natural gas and bitumen that cannot be directly measured. (Bitumen is mined then upgraded into
synthetic crude oil.) Estimates of economically producible reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, including: 

•

 location, size and shape of the accumulation as well as fluid, rock and producing characteristics of the accumulation; 

•

 historical production from the area, compared with production from other comparable producing areas; 

•

 volumes of bitumen in-place and various factors affecting the recoverability of bitumen and its conversion into synthetic crude oil such as historical
upgrader performance; 

•

 the assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies; 

•

 assumptions concerning future operating costs, severance and excise taxes, development costs and workover and repair costs, and

•

 industry economic conditions, levels of cash flows from operations and other operating considerations. 

As a result, different petroleum engineers, each using industry-accepted geologic and engineering practices and scientific methods, may
produce different estimates of proved reserves and future net cash flows based on the same available data. Because of the subjective nature of such reserve estimates, each of the following items may differ materially from the amounts or other
factors estimated: 

•

 the amount and timing of production; 

•

 the revenues and costs associated with that production; and 

•

 the amount and timing of future development expenditures. 

The discounted future net revenues from our proved liquid hydrocarbon, natural gas and synthetic crude oil reserves reflected in this report
should not be considered as the market value of the reserves attributable to our properties. As required by SEC Rule 4-10 of Regulation S-X, the estimated discounted future net revenues from our proved liquid hydrocarbon, natural gas and synthetic
crude oil reserves are based on an average of closing prices for the first day of each month in the 12-month period ended December 31, 2009, and costs applicable at the date of the estimate, while actual future prices and costs may be
materially higher or lower. 

In addition, the 10 percent discount factor required by the applicable rules of the SEC to be
used to calculate discounted future net revenues for reporting purposes is not necessarily the most appropriate discount factor based on our cost of capital and the risks associated with our business and the oil and natural gas industry in general.

If we are unsuccessful in acquiring or finding additional reserves, our future liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas production would
decline, thereby reducing our cash flows and results of operations and impairing our financial condition. 

The rate of
production from liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are depleted. Except to the extent we acquire interests in additional properties containing proved reserves, conduct

28 

Table of Contents

successful exploration and development activities or, through engineering studies, optimize production performance, identify additional reservoirs not currently producing or secondary recovery
reserves, our proved reserves will decline materially as liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas are produced. Accordingly, to the extent we are not successful in replacing the liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas we produce, our future revenues will
decline. Creating and maintaining an inventory of prospects for future production depends on many factors, including: 

•

 obtaining rights to explore for, develop and produce liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas in promising areas; 

•

 drilling success; 

•

 the ability to complete long lead-time, capital-intensive projects timely and on budget; 

•

 the ability to find or acquire additional proved reserves at acceptable costs; and 

•

 the ability to fund such activity. 

The availability of crude oil and increases in crude oil prices may reduce our refining, marketing and transportation profitability and refining and wholesale marketing gross margins. 

The profitability of our refining, marketing and transportation operations depends largely on the margin between the cost of crude oil and
other feedstocks that we refine and the selling prices we obtain for refined products. We are a net purchaser of crude oil. A significant portion of our crude oil is purchased from various foreign national oil companies, producing companies and
trading companies, including suppliers from the Middle East. These purchases are subject to political, geographic and economic risks and possible terrorist activities attendant to doing business with suppliers located in that area of the world. Our
overall refining, marketing and transportation profitability could be adversely affected by the availability of supply and rising crude oil and other feedstock prices which we do not recover in the marketplace. Refining and wholesale marketing gross
margins historically have been volatile and vary with the level of economic activity in the various marketing areas, the regulatory climate, logistical capabilities and the available supply of refined products. 

We will continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with, and changes in environmental health,
safety and security laws and regulations, and, as a result, our profitability could be materially reduced. 

Our businesses
are subject to numerous laws, regulations and other requirements relating to the protection of the environment, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention, greenhouse gas
emissions, and characteristics and composition of gasoline and diesel fuels, as well as laws and regulations relating to public and employee safety and health and to facility security. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital,
operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. To the extent these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our operating results
will be adversely affected. The specific impact of these laws and regulations on us and our competitors may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas, crude oil and feedstock
sources, and production processes. We may also be required to make material expenditures to modify operations, install pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail operations. We may become subject to liabilities that we currently
do not anticipate in connection with new, amended or more stringent requirements, stricter interpretations of existing requirements or the future discovery of contamination. In addition, any failure by us to comply with existing or future laws or
regulations could result in civil penalties or criminal fines and other enforcement actions against us. 

We believe it is
likely that the scientific and political attention to issues concerning the extent, causes of and responsibility for climate change will continue, with the potential for further regulations that could affect our operations. Currently, various
legislative and regulatory measures to address greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxides) are in various phases of review, discussion or implementation in the United States, Canada and European Union. These
include proposed federal legislation and state actions to develop statewide or regional programs, each of which could impose reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. These actions could result in increased costs to (1) costs to operate and
maintain our facilities, (2) capital expenditures to install new emission controls at our refineries and other facilities, and (3) costs to administer and manage any

29 

Table of Contents

potential greenhouse gas emissions or carbon trading or tax programs. These costs and capital expenditures could be material. Although uncertain, these developments could increase our costs,
reduce the demand for the products we sell and create delays in our obtaining air pollution permits for new or modified facilities.

State, national and international legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are being proposed and, in some cases, promulgated. This legislation applies or could apply in countries in which we operate. Our liquid hydrocarbon, natural
gas and synthetic crude oil production and processing operations typically result in emissions of greenhouse gases. Likewise, emissions arise from our RM&T operations, including the refining of crude oil, and from the use of our refined
petroleum products by our customers. Legislation or regulatory activity that impacts or could impact our operations includes: 

•

 EPA issued a finding that greenhouse gases contribute to air pollution that endangers public health and welfare. Related to the endangerment finding,
in September of 2009, the EPA proposed a greenhouse gas emission standard for mobile sources (cars and other light duty vehicles). This standard is expected to be finalized in the spring of 2010. The endangerment finding along with the mobile source
standard are expected to lead to widespread regulation of stationary sources of greenhouse gas emissions, and in October of 2009 the EPA proposed a so-called tailoring rule to limit the applicability of the EPA’s major permitting programs to
larger sources of greenhouse gas emissions, such as our refineries and a few large production facilities. 

•

 In the U.S., the House of Representatives and the Senate each have their own form of cap and trade legislation to reduce carbon emissions
(Waxman-Markey Bill and the Kerry-Boxer Bill). Among other actions, cap and trade systems require businesses that emit greenhouse gases to buy emission credits from the government, other businesses, or through an auction process.

•

 Although not ratified in the United States, the Kyoto Protocol, effective in 2005, has been ratified by countries in which we have or in the future may
have operations. 

•

 The Copenhagen Accord was reached in December 2009 with the United States pledging to reduce emissions 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020.

•

 The Canadian federal government has not enacted greenhouse gas emission reduction legislation although it has announced a commitment to reduce the
country’s emissions 17 percent from 2005 levels by 2020, to be pursued through a cap and trade system. 

•

 The European Union (“EU”) Emissions Trading Scheme is in its second phase which runs from 2008 to 2012, in which EU member governments
provide a certain number of free allowances to facilities and a facility may purchase additional EU allowances from other facilities, traders and the government. Through 2009, we have complied with this program by using the allocated free allowances
or by borrowing on our future year allowances. 

•

 The Canadian federal government and province of Alberta jointly announced their intent to partially fund the AOSP’s Quest Carbon Capture and
Storage (“Quest CCS”) project. Under the terms of their letters of intent, Alberta would contribute 745 million Canadian dollars and the Government of Canada would provide 120 million Canadian dollars toward the project’s
development. The Quest project would store approximately 1.1 million tons of carbon dioxide annually and should allow the AOSP to meet Canadian and Alberta emission reduction requirements for the foreseeable future. A final investment decision
on the Quest CCS project will be made at a later date, and is subject to regulatory approvals, stakeholder engagement, detailed engineering studies, as well as the agreement of joint venture partners. 

•

 The State of California enacted legislation effective in 2007 capping California’s greenhouse gas emissions at 1990 levels by 2020 and directed
its responsible state agency to adopt mandatory reporting rules for significant sources of greenhouse gases. We have not conducted significant business in California in recent years, but other states where we have operations could adopt similar
greenhouse gas legislation. 

Although there may be adverse financial impact (including compliance costs,
potential permitting delays and potential reduced demand for crude oil or certain refined products) associated with any legislation, regulation, the EPA or other action, the extent and magnitude of that impact cannot be reliably or accurately
estimated due to the fact that requirements have only recently been adopted and the present uncertainty regarding the additional measures and how they will be implemented. Private party litigation has also been brought against emitters of greenhouse
gas emissions, but we have not been named in those cases. 

30 

Table of Contents

Our operations and those of our predecessors could expose us to civil claims by third
parties for alleged liability resulting from contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of hazardous substances. For example, we have been, and presently are, a defendant in various litigation and other proceedings
involving products liability and other claims related to alleged contamination of groundwater with the oxygenate methyl tertiary-butyl ether (“MTBE’). We may become involved in further litigation or other proceedings, or we may be held
responsible in existing or future litigation or proceedings, the costs of which could be material. 

We have in the past
operated retail marketing sites with underground storage tanks (“USTs”) in various jurisdictions and are currently operating retail marketing sites that have USTs in numerous states. Federal and state regulations and legislation govern the
USTs, and compliance with those requirements can be costly. The operation of USTs also poses certain other risks, including damages associated with soil and groundwater contamination. Leaks from USTs which may occur at one or more of our retail
marketing sites, or which may have occurred at our previously operated retail marketing sites, may impact soil or groundwater and could result in fines or civil liability for us. 

Environmental laws are subject to frequent change and many of them have become more stringent. In some cases, they can impose liability for
the entire cost of cleanup on any responsible party, without regard to negligence or fault, and impose liability on us for the conduct of others or conditions others have caused, or for our acts that complied with all applicable requirements when we
performed them. 

If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and in a timely manner, or if the market conditions
assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities (including improvements and repairs to our existing facilities) could
adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. Delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain
products we produce. Such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 denial of or delay in receiving requisite regulatory approvals and /or permits; 

•

 unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor; 

•

 disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials; 

•

 adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities,
or those of vendors or suppliers; 

•

 shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; 

•

 market-related increases in a project’s debt or equity financing costs; and 

•

 nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors. 

Any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. If we were unable to make up the delays
associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. 

Many of our major projects and operations are conducted with partners, which may decrease our ability to manage risk. 

We often enter into arrangements to conduct certain business operations, such oil and gas exploration and production, oil sands mining or
pipeline transportation, with partners in order to share risks associated with those operations. However, these arrangements also may decrease our ability to manage risks and costs, particularly where we are not the operator. We could have limited
influence over and control of the behaviors and performance of these operations. This could affect our operational performance, financial position and reputation. 

Uncertainty in the financial markets may impact our ability to obtain future financing and could adversely affect entities with which we do business. 

In the future we may require financing to grow our business. Financial institutions participate in our revolving credit facility and provide
us with services including insurance, cash management, commercial letters of

31 

Table of Contents

credit, derivative instruments, and short-term investments. Uncertainty affecting the financial markets and the possibility that financial institutions may consolidate or go bankrupt has altered
levels of activity in the financial markets. A deterioration of the financial market conditions could significantly increase our costs associated with borrowing. Our liquidity and our ability to access the credit and/or capital markets may also be
adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy. In addition, there could be a number of follow-on effects from continued turmoil on us, including insolvency of customers, key suppliers, partners, and other
counterparties. 

Worldwide political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash
flows. 

Local political and economic factors in global markets could have a material adverse effect on us. A total of 29
percent of our liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas sales volumes in 2009 was derived from production outside the United States and 71 percent of our proved liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2009, were located outside
the United States. All of our synthetic crude oil production and proved reserves are located in Canada. In addition, a significant portion of the feedstock requirements for our refineries is satisfied through supplies originating in Saudi Arabia,
Kuwait, Canada, Mexico and various other foreign countries. We are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic and economic risks and possible terrorist activities attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating
from, those areas. There are many risks associated with operations in global markets, including changes in governmental policies relating to liquid hydrocarbon, natural gas, bitumen, synthetic crude oil or refined product pricing and taxation, other
political, economic or diplomatic developments and international monetary fluctuations. These risks include: 

•

 political and economic instability, war, acts of terrorism and civil disturbances; 

•

 the possibility that a government may seize our property with or without compensation, may attempt to renegotiate or revoke existing contractual
arrangements or may impose additional taxes or royalty burdens; and 

•

 fluctuating currency values, hard currency shortages and currency controls. 

Continued hostilities in the Middle East and the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of
the United States and other developed countries. A lower level of economic activity could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. These risks could lead
to increased volatility in prices for liquid hydrocarbons, natural gas and refined products. In addition, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult for us to access capital and to obtain
the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. 

Actions of governments through tax and other legislation, executive order
and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability, both in the United States and abroad. The U.S. government can prevent or restrict us from doing business in foreign countries. These restrictions and those of foreign governments
have in the past limited our ability to operate in, or gain access to, opportunities in various countries and will continue to do so in the future. 

Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. We do not insure against all potential losses and therefore we could be seriously harmed by unexpected liabilities and increased costs. 

Our exploration and production operations are subject to unplanned occurrences, including blowouts, explosions, fires, loss of well control,
spills, hurricanes and other adverse weather, labor disputes and accidents. Our oil sands mining operations are subject to business interruptions due to breakdown or failure of equipment or processes and unplanned events such as fires, earthquakes,
explosions or other interruptions. In addition, our refining, marketing and transportation operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds and unplanned events such as explosions, fires, pipeline ruptures or
other interruptions, crude oil or refined product spills, severe weather and labor disputes. These same risks can be applied to the third-parties which transport crude oil and refined products to, from and among facilities. A prolonged disruption in
the ability of any pipeline or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products could contribute to a business interruption or increase costs. 

32 

Table of Contents

Our operations are also subject to the additional hazards of pollution, releases of toxic
gas and other environmental hazards and risks, as well as hazards of marine operations, such as capsizing, collision, acts of piracy and damage or loss from severe weather conditions. These hazards could result in serious personal injury or loss of
human life, significant damage to property and equipment, environmental pollution, impairment of operations and substantial losses to us. Various hazards have adversely affected us in the past, and damages resulting from a catastrophic occurrence in
the future involving us or any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially large claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities. We
maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating hazards in amounts that we believe to be prudent. Uninsured losses and liabilities arising from operating hazards could reduce the funds available
to us for capital, exploration and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Historically, we have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and
resulting business interruption to our major onshore and offshore facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. In the future, we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a
result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies have increased substantially and could escalate further. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts
of coverage. For example, due to hurricane activity in recent years, the availability of insurance coverage for our offshore facilities for windstorms in the Gulf of Mexico region has been reduced or, in many instances, it is prohibitively
expensive. As a result, our exposure to losses from future windstorm activity in the Gulf of Mexico region has increased. 

If the
transactions resulting in our acquisition of the minority interest in MPC previously owned by Ashland were found to constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance, we could be required to provide additional consideration to Ashland or to return a
portion of the interest in MPC, and either of those results could have a material adverse effect on us. 

In a bankruptcy
case or lawsuit initiated by one or more creditors or a representative of creditors of Ashland, a court could review our 2005 transactions with Ashland under state fraudulent transfer or conveyance laws. Under those laws, the transactions would be
deemed fraudulent if the court determined that the transactions were undertaken for the purpose of hindering, delaying or defrauding creditors or that the transactions were constructively fraudulent. If the transactions were found to be a fraudulent
transfer or conveyance, we might be required to provide additional consideration to Ashland or to return all or a portion of the interest in MPC and the other assets we acquired from Ashland as a result of those transactions. 

In connection with our transactions with Ashland completed in 2005, we delivered part of the overall consideration (specifically, shares of
Marathon common stock having a value of $915 million) to Ashland’s shareholders. We obtained opinions from a nationally recognized appraisal firm that Ashland received reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration from us in the
transactions and that Ashland was not insolvent either before or after giving effect to the closing of the transactions. Although we are confident in our conclusions regarding Ashland’s receipt of reasonably equivalent value or fair
consideration and its solvency both before and after giving effect to the closing of our transactions, such determinations involve numerous assumptions and uncertainties, and it is possible that a court could disagree with our conclusions.

Litigation by private plaintiffs or government officials could adversely affect our performance. 

We currently are defending litigation and anticipate that we will be required to defend new litigation in the future. The subject matter of
such litigation may include releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. While an adverse
outcome in most litigation matters would not be expected to be material to us, in some cases the plaintiff or plaintiffs seek alleged damages involving large classes of potential litigants, and may allege damages relating to extended periods of time
or other alleged facts and circumstances. If we are not able to successfully defend such claims, they may result in substantial liability. We do not have insurance covering all of these potential liabilities. There has been a trend in recent years
of litigation by attorneys general and other government officials seeking to recover civil damages from companies. We are defending litigation of that type and anticipate that we will be required to defend new litigation of that type in the future.
In addition to substantial liability, litigation may also seek injunctive relief which could have an adverse effect on our future operations. 

33 

Table of Contents

We may issue preferred stock whose terms could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of Marathon
common stock. 

Our restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders,
one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such preferences, powers and relative, participating, optional and other rights, including preferences over Marathon common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our Board of
Directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of Marathon common stock. For example, we could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect
some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock
could affect the residual value of the common stock.