We are subject to various risks and
uncertainties in the course of our business. The following summarizes significant risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

A substantial or extended decline in liquid hydrocarbon or natural gas prices, or in refining and wholesale marketing gross margins, would reduce our operating
results and cash flows and could adversely impact our future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets. 

Prices for liquid
hydrocarbons and natural gas and refining and wholesale marketing gross margins fluctuate widely. Our revenues, operating results and future rate of growth are highly dependent on the prices we receive for our liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas and
the margins we realize on our refined products. Historically, the markets for liquid hydrocarbons, natural gas and refined products have been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. Many of the factors influencing prices of liquid
hydrocarbons and natural gas and refining and wholesale marketing gross margins are beyond our control. These factors include: 

•

 worldwide and domestic supplies of and demand for liquid hydrocarbons, natural gas and refined products; 

•

 the cost of exploring for, developing and producing liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas; 

•

 the cost of crude oil to be manufactured into refined products; 

•

 utilization rates of refineries; 

•

 natural gas and electricity supply costs incurred by refineries 

•

 the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain production controls; 

•

 political instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions; 

•

 changes in weather patterns and climate; 

•

 natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornados; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative and competing forms of energy; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; and 

•

 general economic conditions worldwide. 

The long-term effects of these and other factors on the prices of liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas, as well as on refining and wholesale marketing gross margins, are uncertain. 

Lower liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas prices, may cause us to reduce the amount of these commodities that we produce, which may reduce our revenues,
operating income and cash flows. Significant reductions in liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas prices or refining and wholesale marketing gross margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures or impair the carrying value of our assets.

Estimates of liquid hydrocarbon, natural gas and bitumen reserves depend on many factors and assumptions, including various assumptions that are based
on conditions in existence as of the dates of the estimates. Any material changes in those conditions or other factors affecting those assumptions could impair the quantity and value of our liquid hydrocarbon, natural gas and bitumen reserves. 

The proved liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves information included in this report has been derived from engineering estimates.
Those estimates were prepared by our in-house teams of reservoir engineers and geoscience professionals and reviewed, on a selected basis, by our Corporate Reserves Group or third-party consultants we have retained. The estimates were calculated
using liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas prices in effect as of December 31, 2008, as well as other conditions in existence as of that date. Any significant future price 

25 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

changes will have a material effect on the quantity and present value of our proved liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves. Future reserve revisions
could also result from changes in, among other things, governmental regulation and severance and other production taxes. 

Proved liquid
hydrocarbon and natural gas reserve estimation is a subjective process that involves estimating volumes to be recovered from underground accumulations of liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas that cannot be directly measured. Estimates of economically
recoverable liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, including: 

•

 location, size and shape of the accumulation as well as fluid, rock and producing characteristics of the accumulation; 

•

 historical production from the area, compared with production from other comparable producing areas; 

•

 the assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies; and 

•

 assumptions concerning future operating costs, severance and excise taxes, development costs and workover and repair costs. 

As a result, different petroleum engineers, each using industry-accepted geologic and engineering practices and scientific methods, may produce different
estimates of proved liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows based on the same available data. Because of the subjective nature of liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserve estimates, each of the following items may
differ materially from the amounts or other factors estimated: 

•

 the amount and timing of liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas production; 

•

 the revenues and costs associated with that production; and 

•

 the amount and timing of future development expenditures. 

The discounted future net revenues from our proved liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves reflected in this report should not be considered as the market value of the reserves attributable to our liquid
hydrocarbon and natural gas properties. As required by SEC Rule 4-10 of Regulation S-X, the estimated discounted future net revenues from our proved liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves are based on prices and costs as of the date of the
estimate, while actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower. 

In addition, the 10 percent discount factor required by
the applicable rules of the SEC to be used to calculate discounted future net revenues for reporting purposes is not necessarily the most appropriate discount factor based on our cost of capital and the risks associated with our business and the oil
and natural gas industry in general. 

The proved bitumen reserves information included in this report has also been derived from
engineering estimates. Reserves related to mining operations are defined as that part of a mineral deposit which could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. Proved reserves are measured by
various testing and sampling methods. Bitumen reserves as of December 31, 2008 were estimated by third-party consultants, using volumetric estimation techniques similar to those used in estimating liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves and
are subject to many of the same uncertainties discussed above, except that estimates of bitumen reserves are based on average annual prices consistent with industry practice in Canada. The estimated quantity of net proved bitumen reserves is based
on a number of assumptions, including (among others) commodity prices, volumes in-place, presently known physical data, recoverability of bitumen, industry economic conditions, levels of cash flow from operations and other operating considerations.
To the extent these assumptions prove inaccurate, actual recoveries could be different than current estimates. Future proved bitumen reserve revisions could also result from changes in, among other things, governmental regulation and taxation.

If we are unsuccessful in acquiring or finding additional reserves, our future liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas production would decline, thereby
reducing our cash flows and results of operations and impairing our financial condition. 

The rate of production from liquid
hydrocarbon and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are depleted. Except to the extent we acquire interests in additional properties containing proved reserves, conduct successful exploration and development activities or, through
engineering studies, optimize production 

26 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

performance, identify additional reservoirs not currently producing or secondary recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline materially as liquid
hydrocarbons and natural gas are produced. Accordingly, to the extent we are not successful in replacing the liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas we produce, our future revenues will decline. Creating and maintaining an inventory of prospects for
future production depends on many factors, including: 

•

 obtaining rights to explore for, develop and produce liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas in promising areas; 

•

 drilling success; 

•

 the ability to complete long lead-time, capital-intensive projects timely and on budget; 

•

 the ability to find or acquire additional proved reserves at acceptable costs; and 

•

 the ability to fund such activity. 

The
availability of crude oil and increases in crude oil prices may reduce our refining, marketing and transportation profitability and refining and wholesale marketing gross margins. 

The profitability of our refining, marketing and transportation operations depends largely on the margin between the cost of crude oil and other
feedstocks that we refine and the selling prices we obtain for refined products. We are a net purchaser of crude oil. A significant portion of our crude oil is purchased from various foreign national oil companies, producing companies and trading
companies, including suppliers from the Middle East. These purchases are subject to political, geographic and economic risks and possible terrorist activities attendant to doing business with suppliers located in that area of the world. Our overall
refining, marketing and transportation profitability could be adversely affected by the availability of supply and rising crude oil and other feedstock prices which we do not recover in the marketplace. Refining and wholesale marketing gross margins
historically have been volatile and vary with the level of economic activity in the various marketing areas, the regulatory climate, logistical capabilities and the available supply of refined products. 

We will continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with, and changes in environmental health, safety and
security laws and regulations, and, as a result, our profitability could be materially reduced. 

Our businesses are subject to numerous
laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, greenhouse gas emissions, and characteristics and
composition of gasoline and diesel fuels, as well as laws and regulations relating to public and employee safety and health and facility security. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and
remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. To the extent these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our operating results will be adversely affected. The
specific impact of these laws and regulations on us and our competitors may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas and production processes. We may also be required to make
material expenditures to modify operations, install pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail operations. We may become subject to liabilities that we currently do not anticipate in connection with new, amended or more stringent
requirements, stricter interpretations of existing requirements or the future discovery of contamination. In addition, any failure by us to comply with existing or future laws could result in civil or criminal fines and other enforcement actions
against us. 

We believe it is likely that the scientific and political attention to issues concerning the extent, causes of and
responsibility for climate change will continue, with the potential for further regulations that could affect our operations. Currently, various legislative and regulatory measures to address greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide,
methane and nitrous oxides) are in various phases of review, discussion or implementation in the United States, Canada and European Union. These include proposed federal legislation and state actions to develop statewide or regional programs, each
of which could impose reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. These actions could result in increased costs to (1) operate and maintain our facilities, (2) install new emission controls at our refineries and other facilities and
(3) administer and manage any potential greenhouse gas emissions or carbon tax program. Although uncertain, these developments could increase our costs, reduce the demand for the products we sell and create delays in our obtaining air pollution
permits for new or modified facilities.

Our operations and those of our predecessors could expose us to civil claims by third parties for
alleged liability resulting from contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of hazardous 

27 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

substances. For example, we have been, and presently are, a defendant in various litigation and other proceedings involving products liability and other
claims related to alleged contamination of groundwater with the oxygenate methyl tertiary butyl ether, or MTBE. We may become involved in further litigation or other proceedings, or we may be held responsible in existing or future litigation or
proceedings, the costs of which could be material. 

Environmental laws are subject to frequent change and many of them have become more
stringent. In some cases, they can impose liability for the entire cost of cleanup on any responsible party, without regard to negligence or fault, and impose liability on us for the conduct of others or conditions others have caused, or for our
acts that complied with all applicable requirements when we performed them. 

In 2007, the U.S. Congress passed the Energy Independence and
Security Act (“EISA”), which, among other things, sets a target of 35 miles per gallon for the combined fleet of cars and light trucks in the United States by model year 2020, and contains a multiple-part Renewable Fuel Standard
(“RFS”). The RFS was 9.0 billion gallons of renewable fuel in 2008, and is 11.1 billion gallons in 2009, increasing to 36.0 billion gallons by 2022. In the near term, the RFS will be satisfied primarily with fuel ethanol blended into
gasoline. The RFS presents production and logistics challenges for both the fuel ethanol and petroleum refining industries. The RFS has required, and may in the future continue to require, additional capital expenditures or expenses by us to
accommodate increased fuel ethanol use. The advanced biofuels programs will present specific challenges in that we may have to enter into arrangements with other parties to meet our obligations to use advanced biofuels, including biomass-based
diesel and cellulosic biofuel, with potentially uncertain supplies of these new fuels. There will be compliance costs and uncertainties regarding how we will comply with the various requirements contained in this law and related regulations. We may
experience a decrease in demand for refined petroleum products due to an increase in combined fleet mileage per gallon or due to refined petroleum products being replaced by renewable fuels. In addition, tax incentives and other subsidies have made
renewable fuels more competitive with refined products than they otherwise would have been which may have reduced and may further reduce refined product margins and refined products’ ability to compete with renewable fuels. 

The recent distress in the financial markets may impact our ability to obtain future financing and could adversely affect entities with which we do business. 

In the future we may require financing to grow our business. Financial institutions participate in our revolving credit facility and
provide us with business insurance coverage, cash management services, commercial letters of credit and short-term investments. The recent distress affecting the financial markets and the possibility that financial institutions may consolidate or go
bankrupt has reduced levels of activity in the credit markets. This could diminish the amount of financing available to companies. In addition, such turmoil in the financial markets could significantly increase our costs associated with borrowing.
Our liquidity and our ability to access the credit or capital markets may also be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy. Continuing turmoil in the financial markets could make it more difficult for us to
access capital, sell assets, refinance our existing indebtedness, enter into agreements for new indebtedness or obtain funding through the issuance of our securities. In addition, there could be a number of follow-on effects from the credit crisis
on us, including insolvency of customers, key suppliers and other counterparties to our commodity and foreign exchange derivative instruments. 

Worldwide political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. 

Local political and economic factors in international markets could have a material adverse effect on us. A total of 63 percent of our liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas sales volumes in 2008 was derived from production outside the United
States and 70 percent of our proved liquid hydrocarbon and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2008, were located outside the United States. All of our bitumen production and proved reserves are located in Canada. In addition, a significant
portion of the feedstock requirements for our refineries is satisfied through supplies originating in Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Canada, Mexico and various other foreign countries. We are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic and economic
risks and possible terrorist activities attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, those areas. There are many risks associated with operations in international markets, including changes in foreign
governmental policies relating to liquid hydrocarbon, natural gas, bitumen or refined product pricing and taxation, other political, economic or diplomatic developments and international monetary fluctuations. These risks include: 

•

 political and economic instability, war, acts of terrorism and civil disturbances; 

•

 the possibility that a foreign government may seize our property with or without compensation, may attempt to renegotiate or revoke existing contractual
arrangements or may impose additional taxes or royalty burdens; and 

•

 fluctuating currency values, hard currency shortages and currency controls. 

28 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Continued hostilities in the Middle East and the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could
adversely affect the economies of the United States and other developed countries. A lower level of economic activity could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth
prospects. These risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for liquid hydrocarbons, natural gas and refined products. In addition, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult for
us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. 

Actions of governments through tax and other
legislation, executive order and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability, both in the United States and abroad. The U.S. government can prevent or restrict us from doing business in foreign countries. These restrictions and
those of foreign governments have in the past limited our ability to operate in, or gain access to, opportunities in various countries and will continue to do so in the future. 

Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses, and we do not insure against all potential losses and therefore we could be seriously harmed by unexpected liabilities. 

Our exploration and production operations are subject to unplanned occurrences, including blowouts, explosions, fires, loss of well control, spills,
hurricanes and other adverse weather, labor disputes and accidents. Our oil sands mining operations are subject to business interruptions due to breakdown or failure of equipment or processes and unplanned events such as fires, earthquakes,
explosions or other interruptions. In addition, our refining, marketing and transportation operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds and unplanned events such as explosions, fires, pipeline ruptures or
other interruptions, crude oil or refined product spills, severe weather and labor disputes. Our operations are also subject to the additional hazards of pollution, releases of toxic gas and other environmental hazards and risks, as well as hazards
of marine operations, such as capsizing, collision, acts of piracy and damage or loss from severe weather conditions. These hazards could result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment,
environmental pollution, impairment of operations and substantial losses to us. Certain hazards have adversely affected us in the past, and damages resulting from a catastrophic occurrence in the future involving us or any of our assets or
operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially large claims or being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities. 

We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating hazards in amounts that we believe to be prudent.
Uninsured losses and liabilities arising from operating hazards could reduce the funds available to us for capital, exploration and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows. Historically, we have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major onshore and offshore facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. In the future, we may not
be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies have increased substantially and could escalate further.
In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. For example, due to hurricane activity in recent years, the availability of insurance coverage for our offshore facilities for
windstorms in the Gulf of Mexico region has been reduced or, in many instances, it is prohibitively expensive. As a result, our exposure to losses from future windstorm activity in the Gulf of Mexico region has increased. 

Litigation by private plaintiffs or government officials could adversely affect our performance. 

We currently are defending litigation and anticipate that we will be required to defend new litigation in the future. The subject matter of such
litigation may include releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. While an adverse
outcome in most litigation matters would not be expected to be material to us, in some cases the plaintiff or plaintiffs seek alleged damages involving large classes of potential litigants, and may allege damages relating to extended periods of time
or other alleged facts and circumstances. If we are not able to successfully defend such claims, they may result in substantial liability. We do not have insurance covering all of these potential liabilities. There has been a trend in recent years
of litigation by attorneys general and other government officials seeking to recover civil damages from companies. We are defending litigation of that type and anticipate that we will be required to defend new litigation of that type in the future.
In addition to substantial liability, litigation may also seek injunctive relief which could have an adverse effect on our future operations. 

29 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

If Ashland fails to pay its taxes, we could be responsible for satisfying various tax obligations of Ashland. 

As a result of the transactions in which we acquired the minority interest in MPC from Ashland in 2005, Marathon is severally liable for
federal income taxes (and in some cases for certain state taxes) of Ashland for tax years still open as of the date we completed the transactions. We have entered into a tax matters agreement with Ashland, which provides that: 

•

 We will be responsible for the tax liabilities of the Marathon group of companies, including the tax liabilities of MPC and the other companies and businesses we
acquired in the transactions (for periods after the completion of the transactions); and 

•

 Ashland will generally be responsible for the tax liabilities of the Ashland group of companies before the completion of the transactions, and the income taxes
attributable to Ashland’s interest in MPC before the completion of the transactions. However, under certain circumstances we will have several liability for those tax liabilities owed by Ashland to various taxing authorities, including the
Internal Revenue Service. 

If Ashland fails to pay any tax obligation for which we are severally liable, we may be
required to satisfy this tax obligation. That would leave us in the position of having to seek indemnification from Ashland. In that event, our indemnification claims against Ashland would constitute general unsecured claims, which would be
effectively subordinate to the claims of secured creditors of Ashland, and we would be subject to collection risk associated with collecting unsecured debt from Ashland. 

We are required to pay Ashland for deductions relating to various contingent liabilities of Ashland, which could be material. 

We are required to claim tax deductions for certain contingent liabilities that will be paid by Ashland after completion of the transactions. Under the tax matters agreement, we are required to pay the benefit of
those deductions to Ashland, with the computation and payment terms for such tax benefit payments divided into two “baskets,” as described below: 

Basket One – This applies to the first $30 million of contingent liability deductions (increased by inflation each year up to a maximum of $60 million) that we may claim in each year for the first 20 years
following the acquisition. The benefit of Basket One deductions is determined by multiplying the amount of the deduction by 32 percent (or, if different, by a percentage equal to three percentage points less than the highest federal income tax rate
during the applicable tax year). We are obligated to pay this amount to Ashland. The computation and payment of Basket One amounts does not depend on our ability to generate actual tax savings from the use of the contingent liability deductions in
Basket One. Upon specified events related to Ashland (or after 20 years), the contingent liability deductions that would otherwise have been compensated under Basket One will be taken into account in Basket Two. In addition, Basket One applies only
for federal income tax purposes; state, local or foreign tax benefits attributable to specified liability deductions will be compensated only under Basket Two. 

Because we are required to make payments to Ashland whether or not we generate any actual tax savings from the Basket One contingent liability deductions, the amount of our tax benefit payments to Ashland with respect
to Basket One contingent liability deductions may exceed the aggregate tax benefits that we derive from these deductions. We are obligated to make these payments to Ashland even if we do not have sufficient taxable income to realize any benefit for
the deductions. 

Basket Two – All contingent liability deductions relating to Ashland’s pre-transactions operations that
are not subject to Basket One are considered and compensated under Basket Two. The benefit of Basket Two deductions is determined on a “with and without” basis; that is, the contingent liability deductions are treated as the last
deductions used by the Marathon group. Thus, if the Marathon group has deductions, tax credits or other tax benefits of its own, it will be deemed to use them to the maximum extent possible before it will be deemed to use the contingent liability
deductions. To the extent that we have the capacity to use the contingent liability deductions based on this methodology, the actual amount of tax saved by the Marathon group through the use of the contingent liability deductions will be calculated
and paid to Ashland. Because Basket Two amounts are calculated based on the actual tax saved by the Marathon group from the use of Basket Two deductions, those amounts are subject to recalculation in the event there is a change in the Marathon
group’s tax liability for a particular year. This could occur because of audit adjustments or carrybacks of losses or credits from other years, for example. To the extent that such a recalculation results in a smaller Basket Two benefit with
respect to a contingent liability deduction for which Ashland has already received compensation, Ashland is required to repay 

30 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

such compensation to Marathon. In the event we become entitled to any repayment, we would be subject to collection risks associated with collecting an
unsecured claim from Ashland. 

If the transactions resulting in our acquisition of the minority interest in MPC that was previously owned by Ashland
were found to constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance, we could be required to provide additional consideration to Ashland or to return a portion of interest in MPC, and either of those results could have a material adverse effect on us. 

In a bankruptcy case or lawsuit initiated by one or more creditors or a representative of creditors of Ashland, a court may review our
2005 transactions with Ashland under state fraudulent transfer or conveyance laws. Under those laws, the transactions would be deemed fraudulent if the court determined that the transactions were undertaken for the purpose of hindering, delaying or
defrauding creditors or that the transactions were constructively fraudulent. If the transactions were found to be a fraudulent transfer or conveyance, we might be required to provide additional consideration to Ashland or to return all or a portion
of the interest in MPC and the other assets we acquired from Ashland. 

Under the laws of most states, a transaction could be held to be
constructively fraudulent if a court determined that: 

•

 the transferor received less than “reasonably equivalent value” or, in some jurisdictions, less than “fair consideration” or “valuable
consideration”; and 

•

 the transferor: 

•

 was insolvent at the time of the transfer or was rendered insolvent by the transfer; 

•

 was engaged, or was about to engage, in a business or transaction for which its remaining property constituted unreasonably small capital; or

•

 intended to incur, or believed it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay as those debts matured. 

In connection with our transactions with Ashland completed in 2005, we delivered part of the overall consideration (specifically, shares of Marathon
common stock having a value of $915 million) to Ashland’s shareholders. In order to help establish that Ashland received reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration from us in the transactions, we obtained a written opinion from a
nationally recognized appraisal firm to the effect that Ashland received amounts that were reasonably equivalent to the combined value of Ashland’s interest in MPC and the other assets we acquired. We also obtained a favorable opinion from that
appraisal firm relating to various financial tests that supported our conclusion and Ashland’s representation to us that Ashland was not insolvent either before or after giving effect to the closing of the transactions. Those opinions were
based on specific information provided to the appraisal firm and were subject to various assumptions, including assumptions relating to Ashland’s existing and contingent liabilities and insurance coverage. Although we are confident in our
conclusions regarding (1) Ashland’s receipt of reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration and (2) Ashland’s solvency, it should be noted that the valuation of any business and a determination of the solvency of any entity
involve numerous assumptions and uncertainties, and it is possible that a court could disagree with our conclusions. 

If United States Steel fails to
perform any of its material obligations to which we have financial exposure, we could be required to pay those obligations, and any such payment could materially reduce our cash flows and profitability and impair our financial condition.

In connection with the separation of United States Steel from Marathon, United States Steel agreed to hold Marathon harmless from and
against various liabilities. While we cannot estimate some of these liabilities, the portion of these liabilities that we can estimate amounts to $513 million as of December 31, 2008, including accrued interest of $8 million. If United States
Steel fails to satisfy any of those obligations, we would be required to satisfy them and seek indemnification from United States Steel. In that event, our indemnification claims against United States Steel would constitute general unsecured claims,
effectively subordinate to the claims of secured creditors of United States Steel. 

The steel business is highly competitive and a large
number of industry participants have sought protection under bankruptcy laws in the past. The enforceability of our claims against United States Steel could become subject to the effect of any bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or other
law affecting creditors’ rights generally, or of general principles of equity, which might become applicable to those claims or other claims arising from the facts and circumstances in which the separation was effected. 

31 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Many of our major projects and operations are conducted with partners, which may decrease our ability to manage risk.

We often enter into arrangements to conduct certain business operations, such oil and gas exploration and production or pipeline
transportation, with partners in order to share risks associated with those operations. However, these arrangements also may decrease our ability to manage risks and costs, particularly those where we are not the operator. We could have limited
influence over and control of the behaviors and performance of these operations. This could affect our operational performance, financial position and reputation. 

We may issue preferred stock whose terms could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of Marathon common stock. 

Our
restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such preferences, powers and relative, participating, optional and other rights,
including preferences over Marathon common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our Board of Directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the
value of Marathon common stock. For example, we could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the
repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.