For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results and strategic objectives, see “Forward-Looking Statements” preceding “Business” and “Return on Tangible Common Equity Targets” under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

Our results of operations may be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.

The COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions, resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and increased remote work protocols.

Governments around the world have been working to develop, manufacture, and distribute COVID-19 vaccines and the United States has authorized the targeted distribution of certain COVID-19 vaccines, though it is unclear what the scope and timing of a more comprehensive distribution will be. Moreover, governments and central banks around the world have reacted to the economic crisis caused by the pandemic by implementing stimulus and liquidity programs and cutting interest rates, though it is unclear whether these or future actions will be successful in countering the economic disruption. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen, and our results of operations and financial condition in future quarters may be adversely affected. 

Should global market conditions worsen, or the pandemic lead to additional market disruptions, we could experience reduced client activity and demand for our products and services, higher credit and valuation losses in our loan and commitment and investment portfolios, impairments of other financial assets and other negative impacts on our financial position, including possible constraints on capital and liquidity, as well as a higher cost of capital, and possible changes or downgrades to our credit ratings. In addition, continued low interest rates will limit interest margins in our lending businesses across Wealth Management and Institutional Securities. A slowdown of commercial activity could cause overall sales and trading and investment banking revenues to decline and a decline in assets under management and client balances could also reduce fee and financing revenues across all of our business segments. 

Operationally, we have initiated a work remotely protocol and restricted business travel of our workforce, with a return-to-workplace program, which is based on role, location and employee willingness and ability to return. While we have not 

experienced a decrease in productivity as a result of the remote work environment, there can be no assurance that the transition will not have an adverse effect in the long term. If significant portions of our workforce, including key personnel, are unable to work effectively because of illness, government actions, or other restrictions in connection with the pandemic, the impact of the pandemic on our businesses could be exacerbated.

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, and the related global economic crisis, affects our businesses, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios and our ability to take capital actions, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and any recovery period, the development, distribution, and acceptance of effective vaccines, future actions taken by governmental authorities, central banks and other third parties in response to the pandemic, and the effects on our customers, counterparties, employees and third-party service providers. Moreover, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will heighten many of the other risks described throughout this section. See also "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Action Supervisory Restrictions.”

Market Risk

Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio owned by us. For more information on how we monitor and manage market risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Market Risk.”

Our results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by global and economic conditions and other factors, including changes in asset values.

Our results of operations have been in the past and may, in the future, be materially affected by market fluctuations due to global financial markets, economic conditions, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other widespread events such as natural disasters, climate-related incidents or acts of war, changes to global trade policies and tariffs and other factors, including the level and volatility of equity, fixed income and commodity prices, the level and term structure of interest rates, inflation and currency values, and the level of other market indices.

The results of our Institutional Securities business segment, particularly results relating to our involvement in primary and secondary markets for all types of financial products, are subject to substantial market fluctuations due to a variety of factors that we cannot control or predict with great certainty. These fluctuations impact results by causing variations in 

December 2020 Form 10-K

12

Table of Contents

business flows and activity and in the fair value of securities and other financial products. Fluctuations also occur due to the level of global market activity, which, among other things, affects the size, number and timing of investment banking client assignments and transactions and the realization of returns from our principal investments.

Periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions may have adverse impacts on the level of individual investor participation in the global markets and/or the level of client assets, and, in very low interest rate environments, the level of net interest income, which would negatively impact the results of our Wealth Management business segment.

Substantial market fluctuations could also cause variations in the value of our investments in our funds, the flow of investment capital into or from AUM, and the way customers allocate capital among money market, equity, fixed income or other investment alternatives, which could negatively impact our Investment Management business segment.

The value of our financial instruments may be materially affected by market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and disruptions in the credit markets may make it extremely difficult to value and monetize certain of our financial instruments, particularly during periods of market displacement. Subsequent valuations in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the values of these instruments and may adversely impact historical or prospective fees and performance-based fees (also known as incentive fees, which include carried interest) in respect of certain businesses. In addition, at the time of any sales and settlements of these financial instruments, the price we ultimately realize will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair value. Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of our financial instruments, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods.

In addition, financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. Under these extreme conditions, hedging and other risk management strategies may not be as effective at mitigating trading losses as they would be under more normal market conditions. Moreover, under these conditions, market participants are particularly exposed to trading strategies employed by many market participants simultaneously and on a large scale. Our risk management and monitoring processes seek to quantify and mitigate risk to more extreme market moves. However, severe market events have historically been difficult to predict, and we could realize significant losses if extreme market events were to occur.

Holding large and concentrated positions may expose us to losses.

Concentration of risk may reduce revenues or result in losses in our market-making, investing, underwriting, including block trading, and lending businesses in the event of unfavorable market movements, or when market conditions are more favorable for our competitors. We commit substantial amounts of capital to these businesses, which often results in our taking large positions in the securities of, or making large loans to, a particular issuer or issuers in a particular industry, country or region. For further information regarding our country risk exposure, see also “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Country and Other Risks.”

Credit Risk

Credit risk refers to the risk of loss arising when a borrower, counterparty or issuer does not meet its financial obligations to us. For more information on how we monitor and manage credit risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk.”

We are exposed to the risk that third parties that are indebted to us will not perform their obligations.

We incur significant credit risk exposure through our Institutional Securities business segment. This risk may arise from a variety of business activities, including, but not limited to: extending credit to clients through various lending commitments; entering into swap or other derivative contracts under which counterparties have obligations to make payments to us; providing short- or long-term funding that is secured by physical or financial collateral whose value may at times be insufficient to fully cover the loan repayment amount; posting margin and/or collateral and other commitments to clearing houses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks, securities firms and other financial counterparties; and investing and trading in securities and loan pools, whereby the value of these assets may fluctuate based on realized or expected defaults on the underlying obligations or loans.

We also incur credit risk in our Wealth Management business segment lending to mainly individual investors, including, but not limited to, margin- and securities-based loans collateralized by securities, residential mortgage loans and HELOCs.

Our valuations related to, and reserves for losses on, credit exposures rely on complex models, estimates, and subjective judgments about the future. While we believe current valuations and reserves adequately address our perceived levels of risk, future economic conditions that differ from or are more severe than forecast, inaccurate models or assumptions, or external factors such as natural disasters or the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could lead to inaccurate measurement of or deterioration of credit quality of our 

13

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

borrowers and counterparties or the value of collateral and result in unexpected losses. We may also incur higher than anticipated credit losses in periods of market illiquidity or as a result of disputes with counterparties over the valuation of collateral during periods of economic stress. In addition, in the longer term, climate change may also have a negative impact on the financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients.

Certain of our credit exposures are concentrated by product, industry or country. Although our models and estimates account for correlations among related types of exposures, a change in the market environment for a concentrated product or an external factor impacting a concentrated industry or country may result in credit losses in excess of amounts forecast. Concentrations of credit risk are managed through the Firm’s comprehensive and global Credit Limits Framework. 

In addition, as a clearing member of several central counterparties, we are responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our customers and could incur financial losses in the event of default by other clearing members. Although we regularly review our credit exposures, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee.

A default by a large financial institution could adversely affect financial markets.

The commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships among the institutions. Increased centralization of trading activities through particular clearing houses, central agents or exchanges as required by provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act may increase our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. As a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses or defaults by other institutions. This is sometimes referred to as systemic risk and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing houses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks and securities firms, with which we interact on a daily basis and, therefore, could adversely affect us. See also “Systemic Risk Regime” under “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company.”

Operational Risk

Operational risk refers to the risk of loss, or of damage to our reputation, resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human factors or from external events (
e.g.
, fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks, damage to physical assets or the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic). We may incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating activities (
e.g.
, sales and trading) and support and control groups (
e.g.
, 

information technology and trade processing). Legal, regulatory and compliance risk is included in the scope of operational risk and is discussed below under “Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk.” For more information on how we monitor and manage operational risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Operational Risk.”

We are subject to operational risks, including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operations or security systems or those of our third parties (or third parties thereof), as well as human error or malfeasance, which could adversely affect our businesses or reputation.

Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. We may introduce new products or services or change processes or reporting, including in connection with new regulatory requirements, resulting in new operational risk that we may not fully appreciate or identify. 

The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets and the move to more automated trading platforms has resulted in the use of increasingly complex technology that relies on the continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process the trades. We rely on the ability of our employees, consultants, our internal systems and systems at technology centers maintained by unaffiliated third parties to operate our different businesses and process a high volume of transactions. Unusually high trading volumes or site usage could cause our systems to operate at an unacceptably slow speed or even fail. Disruptions to, destruction of, instability of or other failure to effectively maintain our information technology systems or external technology that allows our clients and customers to use our products and services (including our self-directed brokerage platform) could harm our business and our reputation. Additionally, we are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing cybersecurity, privacy and data protection, which may differ and potentially conflict, in various jurisdictions.

As a major participant in the global capital markets, we face the risk of incorrect valuation or risk management of our trading positions due to flaws in data, models, electronic trading systems or processes or due to fraud or cyber attack.

We also face the risk of operational failure or disruption of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our lending, securities and derivatives transactions. In addition, in the event of a breakdown or improper operation or disposal of our or a direct or indirect third party’s systems (or third parties thereof), processes or information assets, or improper or unauthorized action by third parties, including consultants and subcontractors or our employees, we could suffer financial loss, an impairment to our liquidity position, a disruption of 

December 2020 Form 10-K

14

Table of Contents

our businesses, regulatory sanctions or damage to our reputation. 

In addition, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Furthermore, the concentration of company and personal information held by a handful of third parties increases the risk that a breach at a key third party may cause an industry-wide data breach that could significantly increase the cost and risk of conducting business.

There can be no assurance that our business contingency and security response plans fully mitigate all potential risks to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities where we are located, which are concentrated in the New York and Atlanta metropolitan areas, London, Hong Kong and Tokyo, as well as Baltimore, Glasgow, Frankfurt, Bangalore, Budapest and Mumbai. This may include a disruption involving physical site access; software flaws and vulnerabilities; cybersecurity incidents; terrorist activities; political unrest; other disease pandemics; catastrophic events; climate-related incidents and natural disasters (such as earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and wildfires); electrical outage; environmental hazard; computer servers; communications or other services we use; our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business.

Although we employ backup systems for our data, those backup systems may be unavailable following a disruption, the affected data may not have been backed up or may not be recoverable from the backup, or the backup data may be costly to recover, which could adversely affect our business.

Notwithstanding evolving technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people, including our employees and those of third parties with which we conduct business. As a result of human error or engagement in violations of applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures, certain errors or violations are not always discovered immediately by our technological processes or by our controls and other procedures, which are intended to prevent and detect such errors or violations. These can include calculation errors, mistakes in addressing emails or other communications, errors in software or model development or implementation, or errors in judgment, as well as intentional efforts to disregard or circumvent applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures. Human errors and malfeasance, even if promptly discovered and remediated, can result in material losses and liabilities for us.

We conduct business in various jurisdictions outside the U.S., including jurisdictions that may not have comparable levels of protection for their corporate assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and customer 

information and records. The protection afforded in those jurisdictions may be less established and/or predictable than in the U.S. or other jurisdictions in which we operate. As a result, there may also be heightened risks associated with the potential theft of their data, technology and intellectual property in those jurisdictions by domestic or foreign actors, including private parties and those affiliated with or controlled by state actors. Any theft of data, technology or intellectual property may negatively impact our operations and reputation, including disrupting the business activities of our subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures or clients conducting business in those jurisdictions.

A cyber attack, information or security breach or a technology failure could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business, manage our exposure to risk or result in disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information and otherwise adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm.

We maintain a significant amount of personal information on our customers, clients, employees and certain counterparties that we are required to protect under various state, federal and international data protection and privacy laws. These laws may be in conflict with one another, or courts and regulators may interpret them in ways that we had not anticipated or that adversely affect our business.

Cybersecurity risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet, mobile telecommunications and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external extremist parties, including foreign state actors, in some circumstances as a means to promote political ends. In addition to the growing sophistication of certain parties, the commoditization of cyber tools which are able to be weaponized by less sophisticated actors has led to an increase in the exploitation of technological vulnerabilities. Global events and geopolitical instability may lead to increased nation state targeting of financial institutions in the U.S. and abroad. Foreign state actors have become more sophisticated over time, increasing the risk of such an attack. Any of these parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, clients, vendors or other third parties or users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our employees or clients. 

Cybersecurity risks may also derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, including third party providers, or may result from accidental technological failure. These risks may be heightened by several factors including, for example, the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused the majority of our employees to work remotely and access our secure networks through their home networks, or as a result of the integration of acquisitions and other strategic initiatives that may subject us to new 

15

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

technology, customers or third party providers. In addition, third parties with whom we do business, the regulators with whom we share information, and each of their service providers, as well as the third parties with whom our customers and clients share information used for authentication, may also be sources of cybersecurity risks, particularly where activities of customers are beyond our security and control systems. There is no guarantee that the measures we take will provide absolute security or recoverability given the techniques used in cyber attacks are complex and frequently change, and may not be able to be anticipated. 

Like other financial services firms, the Firm, its third party providers, and its clients continue to be the subject of unauthorized access attacks, mishandling or misuse of information, computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks designed to obtain confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, denial of service attacks, data breaches, social engineering attacks and other events. There can be no assurance that such unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse of information, or cyber incidents will not occur in the future, and they could occur more frequently and on a more significant scale.

A cyber attack, information or security breach or a technology failure of ours or of a third party could jeopardize our or our clients’, employees’, partners’, vendors’ or counterparties’ personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our and our third parties’ computer systems. Furthermore, such events could cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients’, employees’, partners’, vendors’, counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, as well as the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information of ours, our employees, our customers or of other third parties. Any of these events could result in reputational damage with our clients and the market, client dissatisfaction, additional costs to us to maintain and update our operational and security systems and infrastructure, regulatory investigations, litigation or enforcement, or regulatory fines or penalties, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Given our global footprint and the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of clients, partners, vendors and counterparties with which we do business, and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack, information or security breach could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. We expect that any investigation of a cyber attack would be inherently unpredictable and that it would take time before the completion of any investigation and before there is availability of full and reliable information. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and 

remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack.

While many of our agreements with partners and third party vendors include indemnification provisions, we may not be able to recover sufficiently, or at all, under such provisions to adequately offset any losses we may incur. In addition, although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber and information security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.

We continue to make investments with a view toward maintaining and enhancing our cybersecurity posture. The cost of managing cyber and information security risks and attacks along with complying with new, increasingly expansive, and evolving regulatory requirements could adversely affect our results of operations and business.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that we will be unable to finance our operations due to a loss of access to the capital markets or difficulty in liquidating our assets. Liquidity risk also encompasses our ability (or perceived ability) to meet our financial obligations without experiencing significant business disruption or reputational damage that may threaten our viability as a going concern as well as the associated funding risks triggered by the market or idiosyncratic stress events that may negatively affect our liquidity and may impact our ability to raise new funding. For more information on how we monitor and manage liquidity risk, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Liquidity Risk.”

Liquidity is essential to our businesses and we rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of our operations.

Liquidity is essential to our businesses. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by our inability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets, our inability to access the secured lending markets, or unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral by customers or clients. Factors that we cannot control, such as disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the financial services industry generally, including concerns regarding fiscal matters in the U.S. and other geographic areas, could impair our ability to raise funding.

In addition, our ability to raise funding could be impaired if investors or lenders develop a negative perception of our long-term or short-term financial prospects due to factors such as an incurrence of large trading losses, a downgrade by the rating agencies, a decline in the level of our business activity, if regulatory authorities take significant action against us or 

December 2020 Form 10-K

16

Table of Contents

our industry, or we discover significant employee misconduct or illegal activity.

If we are unable to raise funding using the methods described above, we would likely need to finance or liquidate unencumbered assets, such as our investment portfolios or trading assets, to meet maturing liabilities or other obligations. We may be unable to sell some of our assets or we may have to sell assets at a discount to market value, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Our borrowing costs and access to the debt capital markets depend on our credit ratings.

The cost and availability of unsecured financing generally are impacted by our long-term and short-term credit ratings. The rating agencies continue to monitor certain company-specific and industry-wide factors that are important to the determination of our credit ratings. These include governance, the level and quality of earnings, capital adequacy, liquidity and funding, risk appetite and management, asset quality, strategic direction, business mix, regulatory or legislative changes, macro-economic environment, and perceived levels of support, and it is possible that they could downgrade our ratings and those of similar institutions.

Our credit ratings also can have an adverse impact on certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer term counterparty performance is a key consideration, such as OTC and other derivative transactions, including credit derivatives and interest rate swaps. In connection with certain OTC trading agreements and certain other agreements associated with our Institutional Securities business segment, we may be required to provide additional collateral to, or immediately settle any outstanding liability balance with, certain counterparties in the event of a credit ratings downgrade.

Termination of our trading and other agreements could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements. The additional collateral or termination payments which may occur in the event of a future credit rating downgrade vary by contract and can be based on ratings by either or both of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and S&P Global Ratings. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit Ratings—Incremental Collateral or Terminating Payments.”

We are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries.

The Parent Company has no operations and depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividend payments and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. 

Regulatory restrictions, tax restrictions or elections and other legal restrictions may limit our ability to transfer funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries. In particular, many of our subsidiaries, including our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws, regulations and self-regulatory organization rules that limit, as well as authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce, the flow of funds to the Parent Company, or that prohibit such transfers or dividends altogether in certain circumstances, including steps to “ring fence” entities by regulators outside of the U.S. to protect clients and creditors of such entities in the event of financial difficulties involving such entities.

These laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations. Furthermore, as a BHC, we may become subject to a prohibition or to limitations on our ability to pay dividends. The Federal Reserve, the OCC, and the FDIC have the authority, and under certain circumstances the duty, to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including us and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries.

Our liquidity and financial condition have in the past been, and in the future could be, adversely affected by U.S. and international markets and economic conditions.

Our ability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or the equity markets, or to access secured lending markets, has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by conditions in the U.S. and international markets and economies.

In particular, our cost and availability of funding in the past have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. Significant turbulence in the U.S., the E.U. and other international markets and economies could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with us.

Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk

Legal, regulatory and compliance risk includes the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, including fines, penalties, judgments, damages and/or settlements, or loss to reputation we may suffer as a result of our failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organization standards and codes of conduct applicable to our business activities. This risk also includes contractual and commercial risk, such as the risk that a counterparty’s performance obligations will be unenforceable. It also includes compliance with AML, anti-corruption and terrorist financing rules and regulations. For more information on how we monitor and manage legal, regulatory and compliance risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Legal and Compliance Risk.”

17

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

The financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation, and changes in regulation will impact our business.

Like other major financial services firms, we are subject to extensive regulation by U.S. federal and state regulatory agencies and securities exchanges and by regulators and exchanges in each of the major markets where we conduct our business. These laws and regulations significantly affect the way we do business and can restrict the scope of our existing businesses and limit our ability to expand our product offerings and pursue certain investments.

The Firm and its employees are subject to (among other things) wide-ranging regulation and supervision, intensive scrutiny of our businesses and any plans for expansion of those businesses, limitations on new activities, a systemic risk regime that imposes heightened capital and liquidity and funding requirements and other enhanced prudential standards, resolution regimes and resolution planning requirements, requirements for maintaining minimum amounts of TLAC and external long-term debt, restrictions on activities and investments imposed by the Volcker Rule, comprehensive derivatives regulation, commodities regulation, market structure regulation, tax regulations, antitrust laws, trade and transaction reporting obligations, and broadened fiduciary obligations.

In some areas, regulatory standards are subject to further rulemaking or transition periods or may otherwise be revised in whole or in part. Ongoing implementation of, or changes in, including changes in interpretation or enforcement of, laws and regulations could materially impact the profitability of our businesses and the value of assets we hold, expose us to additional costs, require changes to business practices or force us to discontinue businesses, adversely affect our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our stock or require us to raise capital, including in ways that may adversely impact our shareholders or creditors.

In addition, regulatory requirements that are being imposed by foreign policymakers and regulators may be inconsistent or conflict with regulations that we are subject to in the U.S. and may adversely affect us. Legal and regulatory requirements continue to be subject to ongoing change, which may result in significant new costs to comply with new or revised requirements as well as to monitor for compliance on an ongoing basis.

The application of regulatory requirements and strategies in the U.S. or other jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions may pose a greater risk of loss for our security holders, and subject us to other restrictions.

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, we are required to periodically submit to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a resolution plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the 

event of material financial distress or failure. If the Federal Reserve and the FDIC were to jointly determine that our resolution plan submission was not credible or would not facilitate an orderly resolution, and if we were unable to address any deficiencies identified by the regulators, we or any of our subsidiaries may be subject to more stringent capital, leverage, or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities, or operations, or after a two-year period, we may be required to divest assets or operations.

In addition, provided that certain procedures are met, we can be subject to a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act with the FDIC being appointed as receiver. The FDIC’s power under the orderly liquidation authority to disregard the priority of creditor claims and treat similarly situated creditors differently in certain circumstances, subject to certain limitations, could adversely impact holders of our unsecured debt. See “Business—Supervision and Regulation” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources— Regulatory Requirements.”

Further, because both our resolution plan contemplates an SPOE strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and the FDIC has proposed an SPOE strategy through which it may apply its orderly liquidation authority powers, we believe that the application of an SPOE strategy is the reasonably likely outcome if either our resolution plan were implemented or a resolution proceeding were commenced under the orderly liquidation authority. An SPOE strategy generally contemplates the provision of adequate capital and liquidity by the Parent Company to certain of its subsidiaries so that such subsidiaries have the resources necessary to implement the resolution strategy, and the Parent Company has entered into a secured amended and restated support agreement with its material entities, as defined in our resolution plan, pursuant to which it would provide such capital and liquidity to such entities.

In further development of our SPOE strategy, we have created a wholly owned, direct subsidiary of the Parent Company, Morgan Stanley Holdings LLC (“Funding IHC”), to serve as a resolution funding vehicle. The Parent Company has transferred, and has agreed to transfer on an ongoing basis, certain assets to the Funding IHC. In the event of a resolution scenario, the Parent Company would be obligated to contribute all of its material assets that can be contributed under the terms of the amended and restated support agreement (other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain other assets) (“Contributable Assets”), to the Funding IHC. The Funding IHC would be obligated to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to our material entities.

The obligations of the Parent Company and the Funding IHC under the amended and restated support agreement are in most cases secured on a senior basis by the assets of the Parent Company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the 

December 2020 Form 10-K

18

Table of Contents

Parent Company and certain other assets), and the assets of the Funding IHC. As a result, claims of our material entities, including the Funding IHC, against the assets of the Parent Company with respect to such secured assets are effectively senior to unsecured obligations of the Parent Company.

Although an SPOE strategy, whether applied pursuant to our resolution plan or in a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority, is intended to result in better outcomes for creditors overall, there is no guarantee that the application of an SPOE strategy, including the provision of support to the Parent Company’s material entities pursuant to the secured amended and restated support agreement, will not result in greater losses for holders of our securities compared to a different resolution strategy for us.

Regulators have taken and proposed various actions to facilitate an SPOE strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the orderly liquidation authority and other resolution regimes. For example, the Federal Reserve requires top-tier BHCs of U.S. G-SIBs, including the Firm, to maintain minimum amounts of equity and eligible long-term debt TLAC in order to ensure that such institutions have enough loss-absorbing resources at the point of failure to be recapitalized through the conversion of debt to equity or otherwise by imposing losses on eligible TLAC where the SPOE strategy is used. The combined implication of the SPOE resolution strategy and the TLAC requirement is that our losses will be imposed on the holders of eligible long-term debt and other forms of eligible TLAC issued by the Parent Company before any losses are imposed on the creditors of our material entities or before putting U.S. taxpayers at risk.

In addition, certain jurisdictions, including the U.K. and other E.U. jurisdictions, have implemented, or are in the process of implementing, changes to resolution regimes to provide resolution authorities with the ability to recapitalize a failing entity organized in such jurisdiction by writing down certain unsecured liabilities or converting certain unsecured liabilities into equity. Such “bail-in” powers are intended to enable the recapitalization of a failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors. Non-U.S. regulators are also considering requirements that certain subsidiaries of large financial institutions maintain minimum amounts of TLAC that would pass losses up from the subsidiaries to the Parent Company and, ultimately, to security holders of the Parent Company in the event of failure.

We may be prevented from paying dividends or taking other capital actions because of regulatory constraints or revised regulatory capital standards.

We are subject to comprehensive consolidated supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve, including with respect to regulatory capital standards, stress testing and capital planning. We submit, on at least an annual basis, a capital plan to the Federal Reserve describing proposed dividend payments to shareholders, proposed repurchases of our outstanding securities and other proposed capital actions 

that we intend to take. Our ability to take capital actions described in the capital plan is dependent on, among other factors, the results of supervisory stress tests conducted by the Federal Reserve and our compliance with regulatory capital standards imposed by the Federal Reserve.

In addition, the Federal Reserve may change regulatory capital standards to impose higher requirements that restrict our ability to take capital actions or may modify or impose other regulatory standards or restrictions that increase our operating expenses or constrain our ability to take capital actions. For example, on June 25, 2020, the Federal Reserve announced that it would bar share repurchases and limit common stock dividend payments in the third quarter of 2020 for all large BHCs, and on September 30, 2020, the restrictions were extended through the fourth quarter of 2020. On December 18, 2020, the Federal Reserve announced that it was extending capital action supervisory restrictions applicable to all large BHCs into the first quarter of 2021 with modifications to permit resumptions of share repurchases. The Federal Reserve may extend or further modify these restrictions in future periods or impose new restrictions. For additional information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations— Liquidity and Capital Resources” herein.

The financial services industry faces substantial litigation and is subject to extensive regulatory and law enforcement investigations, and we may face damage to our reputation and legal liability.

As a global financial services firm, we face the risk of investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in all countries in which we conduct our business. Investigations and proceedings initiated by these authorities may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. In addition to the monetary consequences, these measures could, for example, impact our ability to engage in, or impose limitations on, certain of our businesses.

These investigations and proceedings, as well as the amount of penalties and fines sought, continue to impact the financial services industry and certain U.S. and international governmental entities have brought criminal actions against, or have sought criminal convictions, pleas or deferred prosecution agreements from, financial institutions. Significant regulatory or law enforcement action against us could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause us significant reputational harm, which could seriously harm our business.

The Dodd-Frank Act also provides compensation to whistleblowers who present the SEC or CFTC with information related to securities or commodities law violations that leads to a successful enforcement action. As a result of this compensation, it is possible we could face an increased number of investigations by the SEC or CFTC.

19

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

We have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, as well as investigations or proceedings brought by regulatory agencies, arising in connection with our activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the actual or threatened legal or regulatory actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages, claims for indeterminate amounts of damages, or may result in penalties, fines, or other results adverse to us.

In some cases, the issuers that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or are in financial distress. In other cases, including antitrust litigation, we may be subject to claims for joint and several liability with other defendants for treble damages or other relief related to alleged conspiracies involving other institutions. Like any large corporation, we are also subject to risk from potential employee misconduct, including non-compliance with policies and improper use or disclosure of confidential information, or improper sales practices or conduct.

We may be responsible for representations and warranties associated with residential and commercial real estate loans and may incur losses in excess of our reserves.

We originate loans secured by commercial and residential properties. Further, we securitize and trade in a wide range of commercial and residential real estate and real estate-related whole loans, mortgages and other real estate and commercial assets and products, including residential and CMBS. In connection with these activities, we have provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, certain representations and warranties. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to repurchase such assets or make other payments related to such assets if such representations and warranties were breached. We have also made representations and warranties in connection with our role as an originator of certain commercial mortgage loans that we securitized in CMBS. For additional information, see also Note 15 to the financial statements.

We currently have several legal proceedings related to claims for alleged breaches of representations and warranties. If there are decisions adverse to us in those legal proceedings, we may incur losses substantially in excess of our reserves. In addition, our reserves are based, in part, on certain factual and legal assumptions. If those assumptions are incorrect and need to be revised, we may need to adjust our reserves substantially.

A failure to address conflicts of interest appropriately could adversely affect our businesses and reputation.

As a global financial services firm that provides products and services to a large and diversified group of clients, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals, we face potential conflicts of interest in the normal course of business. For example, potential conflicts can occur when there is a divergence of interests between us 

and a client, among clients, between an employee on the one hand and us or a client on the other, or situations in which we may be a creditor of a client. Moreover, we also utilize multiple brands and business channels, including those resulting from our acquisitions, and continue to enhance the collaboration across business segments, which may heighten the potential conflicts of interests or the risk of improper sharing of information.

We have policies, procedures and controls that are designed to identify and address potential conflicts of interest, and we utilize various measures, such as the use of disclosure, to manage these potential conflicts. However, identifying and mitigating potential conflicts of interest can be complex and challenging and can become the focus of media and regulatory scrutiny. Indeed, actions that merely appear to create a conflict can put our reputation at risk even if the likelihood of an actual conflict has been mitigated. It is possible that potential conflicts could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions, which may lead to our clients being less willing to enter into transactions in which a conflict may occur and could adversely affect our businesses and reputation.

Our regulators have the ability to scrutinize our activities for potential conflicts of interest, including through detailed examinations of specific transactions. For example, our status as a BHC supervised by the Federal Reserve subjects us to direct Federal Reserve scrutiny with respect to transactions between our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries and their affiliates. Further, the Volcker Rule subjects us to regulatory scrutiny regarding certain transactions between us and our clients.

Risk Management

Our risk management strategies, models and processes may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk, which could result in unexpected losses.

We have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management capabilities and expect to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, our risk management strategies, models and processes, including our use of various risk models for assessing market exposures and hedging strategies, stress testing and other analysis, may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated.

As our businesses change and grow, and the markets in which we operate evolve, our risk management strategies, models and processes may not always adapt with those changes. Some of our methods of managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior and management’s judgment. As a result, these methods may not predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate.

December 2020 Form 10-K

20

Table of Contents

In addition, many models we use are based on assumptions or inputs regarding correlations among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators and therefore cannot anticipate sudden, unanticipated or unidentified market or economic movements, such as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which could cause us to incur losses.

Management of market, credit, liquidity, operational, model, legal, regulatory and compliance risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Our trading risk management strategies and techniques also seek to balance our ability to profit from trading positions with our exposure to potential losses.

While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the timing of such outcomes. For example, to the extent that our trading or investing activities involve less liquid trading markets or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sales or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with such positions. We may, therefore, incur losses in the course of our trading or investing activities. For more information on how we monitor and manage market and certain other risks and related strategies, models and processes, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Market Risk.”

Planned replacement of London Interbank Offered Rate and replacement or reform of other interest rate benchmarks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Central banks around the world, including the Federal Reserve, have commissioned working groups of market participants and official sector representatives to replace LIBOR and replace or reform other interest rate benchmarks (collectively, the “IBORs”). A transition away from the widespread use of such rates to alternative rates and other potential interest rate benchmark reforms has begun and will continue over the course of the next few years. There remains a likelihood that most IBORs will not be available beyond 2021, and regulators globally have continued to emphasize the need for the industry to plan accordingly.

The Federal Reserve Bank of New York now publishes the Secured Overnight Financing Rate based on overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement transactions, which has been recommended as the alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee convened by the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Further, the Bank of England publishes a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average, comprised of a broader set of overnight Sterling money market transactions, which has been selected by the Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates as the alternative rate to Sterling LIBOR. 

Central bank-sponsored committees in other jurisdictions, including Europe, Japan and Switzerland, have selected alternative reference rates denominated in other currencies.

The market transition away from IBORs to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a range of adverse impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, such transition or reform could:

•
Adversely impact the pricing, liquidity, value of, return on and trading for a broad array of financial products, including any IBOR-linked securities, loans and derivatives that are included in our financial assets and liabilities;

•
Require extensive changes to documentation that governs or references IBOR or IBOR-based products, including, for example, pursuant to time-consuming renegotiations of existing documentation to modify the terms of outstanding securities and related hedging transactions;

•
Result in a population of products with documentation that governs or references IBOR or IBOR-based products but that cannot be amended due to an inability to obtain sufficient consent from counterparties or product owners;

•
Result in inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of our (or the market’s) preparation and readiness for the replacement of an IBOR with one or more alternative reference rates;

•
Result in disputes, litigation or other actions with clients, counterparties and investors, in various scenarios, such as regarding the interpretation and enforceability of provisions in IBOR-based products such as fallback language or other related provisions, including in the case of fallbacks to the alternative reference rates, any economic, legal, operational or other impact resulting from the fundamental differences between the IBORs and the various alternative reference rates;

•
Require the transition and/or development of appropriate systems and analytics to effectively transition our risk management processes from IBORs to those based on one or more alternative reference rates in a timely manner, including by quantifying value and risk for various alternative reference rates, which may prove challenging given the limited history of the proposed alternative reference rates; and

•
Cause us to incur additional costs in relation to any of the above factors.

Other factors include the pace of the transition to the alternative reference rates, timing mismatches between cash and derivative markets, the specific terms and parameters for and market acceptance of any alternative reference rate, market conventions for the use of any alternative reference rate in connection with a particular product (including the timing and market adoption of any conventions proposed or recommended by any industry or other group), prices of and the liquidity of trading markets for products based on alternative reference rates, and our ability to transition and develop appropriate systems and analytics for one or more alternative reference rates.

21

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

See also "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Regulatory Requirements" herein.

Competitive Environment

We face strong competition from financial services firms and others, which could lead to pricing pressures that could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability.

The financial services industry and all aspects of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. We compete with commercial banks, brokerage firms, insurance companies, exchanges, electronic trading and clearing platforms, financial data repositories, sponsors of mutual funds, hedge funds, fund managers, energy companies, financial technology firms and other companies offering financial or ancillary services in the U.S., globally and digitally or through the internet. We compete on the basis of several factors, including transaction execution, capital or access to capital, products and services, innovation, technology, reputation, risk appetite and price.

Over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have left businesses, been acquired by or merged into other firms, or have declared bankruptcy. Such changes could result in our remaining competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as the ability to offer a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity, or new competitors may emerge.

We have experienced and may continue to experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing prices, eliminating commissions or other fees, or providing more favorable terms of business. In addition, certain of our competitors may be subject to different, and, in some cases, less stringent, legal and regulatory regimes, than we are, thereby putting us at a competitive disadvantage. Some new competitors in the financial technology sector have sought to target existing segments of our businesses that could be susceptible to disruption by innovative or less regulated business models. For more information regarding the competitive environment in which we operate, see “Business—Competition” and “Business—Supervision and Regulation.”

Automated trading markets and the introduction and application of new technologies may adversely affect our business and may increase competition.

We have experienced intense price competition in some of our businesses in recent years. In particular, the ability to execute securities, derivatives and other financial instrument trades electronically on exchanges, swap execution facilities, other automated trading platforms and the introduction and application of new technologies has increased the pressure on bid-offer spreads, commissions, markups or comparable fees. 

The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets will likely continue and will likely increase as additional markets move to more automated trading platforms. We have experienced and it is likely that we will continue to experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors may seek to obtain market share by reducing or eliminating bid-offer spreads, commissions, markups or fees.

Our ability to retain and attract qualified employees is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance.

Our people are our most important asset and competition for qualified employees is intense. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain highly qualified employees, or do so at levels or in forms necessary to maintain our competitive position, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more expensive, our performance, including our competitive position and results of operations, could be materially adversely affected.

The financial industry has experienced and may continue to experience more stringent regulation of employee compensation, including limitations relating to incentive-based compensation, clawback requirements and special taxation, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to hire or retain the most qualified employees.

International Risk

We are subject to numerous political, economic, legal, tax, operational, franchise and other risks as a result of our international operations which could adversely impact our businesses in many ways.

We are subject to numerous political, economic, legal, tax, operational, franchise and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries, including risks of possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, increased taxes and levies, and other restrictive governmental actions, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or political and governmental instability. In many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market.

Our inability to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our business in that market but also on our reputation generally. We are also subject to the risk that transactions we structure might not be legally enforceable in all cases.

Various emerging market countries have experienced severe political, economic or financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or potential defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, high rates of inflation and low or negative 

December 2020 Form 10-K

22

Table of Contents

growth rates in their economies. Crime and corruption, as well as issues of security and personal safety, also exist in certain of these countries. These conditions could adversely impact our businesses and increase volatility in financial markets generally.

A disease pandemic, such as COVID-19, or other widespread health emergencies, natural disasters, climate-related incidents, terrorist activities or military actions, or social or political tensions, could create economic and financial disruptions in emerging markets or in other areas of the global economy that could adversely affect our businesses, or could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to manage or conduct our businesses around the world.

As a U.S. company, we are required to comply with the economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by OFAC and similar multi-national bodies and governmental agencies worldwide, as well as applicable anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. A violation of a sanction, embargo program, or anti-corruption law could subject us, and individual employees, to a regulatory enforcement action as well as significant civil and criminal penalties.

The U.K.’s withdrawal from the E.U. and the resulting uncertainty regarding the future regulatory landscape could adversely affect us.

It is difficult to predict the future of the U.K.’s relationship with the E.U., the uncertainty of which may increase the volatility in the global financial markets in the short- and medium-term and may negatively disrupt regional and global financial markets. Additionally, depending on the outcome, such uncertainty may adversely affect the manner in which we operate certain of our businesses in Europe.

On January 31, 2020, the U.K. withdrew from the E.U. under the terms of a withdrawal agreement between the U.K. and the E.U. The withdrawal agreement provided for a transition period to the end of December 2020, during which time the U.K. would continue to apply E.U. law as if it were a member state, and U.K. firms' passporting rights to provide financial services in E.U. jurisdictions continued. 

On December 24, 2020 the U.K. and the E.U. announced they had reached agreement on the terms of a trade and co-operation agreement to govern the future relationship between the parties. The agreement consists of three main pillars including trade, citizens’ security and governance, covering a variety of arrangements in several areas. The agreement is provisionally applicable with effect from January 1, 2021 pending formal ratification by the E.U.

With respect to financial services, although the U.K. chose to grant the E.U. equivalence in a number of key areas under European financial regulations, the E.U. only made certain 

more limited equivalence decisions, leaving decisions on equivalence and adequacy to be determined by each of the U.K. and E.U. unilaterally in due course. As a result, U.K. licensed entities are unable to provide regulated services in a number of E.U. jurisdictions from the end of December 2020, absent regulatory relief or other measures implemented by individual countries. 

While we have restructured our European operations to ensure that we can continue to provide cross-border banking and investment and other services in E.U. member states, there continues to be uncertainty regarding the future regulatory landscape which could impact our European operations beyond those implemented or planned, as a result of which our results of operations and business prospects could be negatively affected. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Regulatory Developments.”

Acquisition, Divestiture and Joint Venture Risk

We may be unable to fully capture the expected value from acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority stakes or strategic alliances, and certain acquisitions may subject our business to new or increased risk.

In connection with past or future acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority stakes or strategic alliances (including with MUFG), we face numerous risks and uncertainties in combining, transferring, separating or integrating the relevant businesses and systems, including the need to combine or separate accounting and data processing systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with clients, trading counterparties and business partners. Certain of these strategic initiatives, and integration thereof, may cause us to incur incremental expenses and may also require incremental financial, management and other resources. 

For example, our acquisition and integration of E*TRADE involves a number of risks, including failure to realize anticipated cost savings and funding synergies of the acquisition and difficulty integrating the two businesses. It is possible that the integration process could also result in unanticipated disruption to the E*TRADE self-directed brokerage platform, the loss of key Morgan Stanley or legacy E*TRADE employees, the loss of clients, or an overall integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated.

In the case of joint ventures and minority stakes, we are subject to additional risks and uncertainties because we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control. 

In addition, conflicts or disagreements between us and any of our joint venture partners may negatively impact the benefits to be achieved by the relevant joint venture.

23

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

There is no assurance that any of our acquisitions, divestitures or investments will be successfully integrated or disaggregated or yield all of the positive benefits and synergies anticipated. If we are not able to integrate or disaggregate successfully our past and future acquisitions or dispositions, there is a risk that our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected.

Certain of our business initiatives, including expansions of existing businesses, may bring us into contact, directly or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base and may expose us to new asset classes, services, competitors, and new markets. These business activities expose us to new and enhanced risks, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-related, sovereign and operational risks, as well as franchise and reputational concerns regarding the manner in which these assets are being operated or held, or services are being delivered.

For more information regarding the regulatory environment in which we operate, see also “Business—Supervision and Regulation.”

December 2020 Form 10-K

24

Table of Contents

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Introduction

Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments—Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. Morgan Stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Morgan Stanley,” “Firm,” “us,” “we” or “our” mean Morgan Stanley (the “Parent Company”) together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Disclosures reflect the effects of the acquisition of E*TRADE Financial Corporation (“E*TRADE”) prospectively from the acquisition date, October 2, 2020. See the “Glossary of Common Terms and Acronyms” for the definition of certain terms and acronyms used throughout this Form 10-K. For an analysis of 2019 results compared with 2018 results, see Part II, Item 7, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2019 filed with the SEC.

A description of the clients and principal products and services of each of our business segments is as follows:

Institutional Securities provides investment banking, sales and trading, lending and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high to ultra-high net worth clients. Investment banking services consist of capital raising and financial advisory services, including services relating to the underwriting of debt, equity and other securities, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, real estate and project finance. Sales and trading services include sales, financing, prime brokerage and market-making activities in the equity and fixed income businesses. Lending activities include originating corporate loans and commercial real estate loans, providing secured lending facilities, and extending financing to sales and trading customers. Other activities include Asia wealth management services, investments and research.

Wealth Management provides a comprehensive array of financial services and solutions to individual investors and small to medium-sized businesses and institutions covering: financial advisor-led brokerage and investment advisory services; self-directed brokerage services, including through the E*TRADE platform; financial and wealth planning services; workplace services including stock plan administration; annuity and insurance products; securities-based lending, residential real estate loans and other lending products; banking; and retirement plan services.

Investment Management provides a broad range of investment strategies and products that span geographies, asset classes, and public and private markets to a diverse group of clients across institutional and intermediary channels. Strategies and products, which are offered through a variety of investment vehicles, include equity, fixed income, liquidity and alternative/other products. Institutional clients include defined benefit/defined contribution plans, foundations, endowments, government entities, sovereign wealth funds, insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors and corporations. Individual clients are generally served through intermediaries, including affiliated and non-affiliated distributors.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis includes certain metrics that we believe to be useful to us, investors, analysts and other stakeholders by providing further transparency about, or an additional means of assessing, our financial condition and operating results. Such metrics, when used, are defined and may be different from or inconsistent with metrics used by other companies.

The results of operations in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected by: competition; risk factors; legislative, legal and regulatory developments; and other factors. These factors also may have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. Additionally, the discussion of our results of operations herein may contain forward-looking statements. These statements, which reflect management’s beliefs and expectations, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results, see “Forward-Looking Statements,” “Business—Competition,” “Business—Supervision and Regulation,” “Risk Factors” and “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements” herein.

25

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Executive Summary

Overview of Financial Results

Consolidated Results—Year ended December 31, 2020

•
Firm Net revenues were up 16% and Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley was up 22%, reflecting strength across all business segments, and resulting in an ROTCE of 15.2%, or 15.4% excluding the impact of E*TRADE integration-related expenses (see “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein).

•
Institutional Securities Net revenues of $26 billion increased 27% from the prior year and segment Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley increased 52% from the prior year. These increases were the result of higher sales and trading revenues on strong client engagement and market volatility, combined with an increase in underwriting revenues on elevated volumes, supported by a constructive market environment.

•
Wealth Management delivered a pre-tax profit margin of 23.0%, or 24.2% excluding integration-related expenses (see “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein). Results reflect higher Asset management revenues, driven by growth in client assets, higher Transactional revenues, and incremental revenues as a result of the E*TRADE acquisition.

•
Investment Management reported long-term net flows of $41 billion in 2020 and AUM of $781 billion as of December 31, 2020, resulting in an increase in Asset management revenues of 15% compared with the prior year.

•
The Firm expense efficiency ratio was 70% for the year, both including and excluding the impact of integration-related expenses (See “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein).

•
Our provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments was $762 million. 

•
At December 31, 2020, our standardized Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 17.4%. 

Strategic Transactions

•
On October 2, 2020, we completed the acquisition of E*TRADE. For further information, see “Business Segments—Wealth Management” herein and Note 3 to the financial statements.

•
On October 8, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement under which we will acquire Eaton Vance Corp. (“Eaton Vance”), subject to customary closing conditions. For further information, see “Business Segments—Investment Management” herein.

Net Revenues

($ in millions)

Net Income Applicable to Morgan Stanley

($ in millions)

Earnings per Diluted Common Share

2020 Compared with 2019 

•
We reported net revenues of $48,198 million in 2020 compared with $41,419 million in 2019. For 2020, net income applicable to Morgan Stanley was $10,996 million, or $6.46 per diluted common share, compared with $9,042 million, or $5.19 per diluted common share, in 2019.

December 2020 Form 10-K

26

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Non-interest Expenses
1

($ in millions)

1.
The percentages on the bars in the chart represent the contribution of compensation and benefits expenses and non-compensation expenses to the total. 

•
Compensation and benefits expenses of $20,854 million in 2020 increased 11% from the prior year, primarily as a result of increases in discretionary incentive compensation and the formulaic payout to Wealth Management representatives driven by higher revenues, higher expenses related to certain deferred compensation plans linked to investment performance, and incremental compensation as a result of the E*TRADE acquisition. These increases were partially offset by lower compensation associated with carried interest.

•
Non-compensation expenses of $12,926 million in 2020 increased 15% from the prior year, primarily as a result of higher volume-related expenses, incremental operating and other expenses as a result of the E*TRADE acquisition, integration-related expenses, increased information processing and communications expenses, and an increase in the provision for credit losses for lending commitments, partially offset by a decrease in marketing and business development expenses.

Income Taxes

•
The increase in the Firm’s effective tax rate in 2020 compared with the prior year is primarily due to the higher level of earnings and lower net discrete tax benefits. In 2020, net discrete tax benefits were $122 million, primarily related to the conversion of employee share-based awards.

•
The provision for income taxes in 2019 includes net discrete tax benefits of $475 million, primarily associated with remeasurement of reserves and related interest as a result of new information pertaining to the resolution of multi-jurisdiction tax examinations, as well as benefits related to conversion of employee share-based awards.

Business Segment Results

Net Revenues by Segment
1

($ in millions)

Net Income Applicable to Morgan Stanley by Segment
1

($ in millions)

1.
The percentages on the bars in the charts represent the contribution of each business segment to the total of the applicable financial category and may not total to 100% due to intersegment eliminations. See Note 23 to the financial statements for details of intersegment eliminations.

27

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

•
Institutional Securities net revenues of $25,948 million in 2020 increased 27% from the prior year, primarily reflecting higher revenues from sales and trading and underwriting, partially offset by losses on loans and lending commitments held for sale and an increase in the provision for credit losses on loans held for investment.

•
Wealth Management net revenues of $19,055 million in 2020, including the incremental impact of the E*TRADE acquisition, increased 7% from the prior year, primarily reflecting higher Asset management revenues, driven by growth in client assets, and higher Transactional revenues, largely driven by higher Commissions and fees, partially offset by lower Net interest.

•
Investment Management net revenues of $3,734 million in 2020 were relatively unchanged from the prior year, primarily reflecting lower accrued carried interest, offset by higher Asset management revenues resulting from higher average AUM.    

Net Revenues by Region
1, 2

($ in millions)

1.
The percentages on the bars in the charts represent the contribution of each region to the total. 

2.
For a discussion of how the geographic breakdown for net revenues is determined, see Note 23 to the financial statements.

Revenues in Asia increased 32% in 2020, primarily driven by sales and trading within the Institutional Securities business segment. Revenues in the Americas increased 16% in 2020, primarily driven by the Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments. Revenues in EMEA increased 6% in 2020, primarily driven by fixed income sales and trading within the Institutional Securities business segment.

Selected Financial Information and Other Statistical Data

$ in millions, except per share data

2020

2019

2018

Consolidated results

Net revenues

$

48,198

$

41,419 

$

40,107 

Earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders

$

10,500

$

8,512 

$

8,222 

Earnings per diluted common share
1

$

6.46

$

5.19 

$

4.73 

Consolidated financial measures

Expense efficiency ratio
2

70.1

%

72.7 

%

72.0 

%

Adjusted expense efficiency ratio
2, 4

69.6

%

72.7 

%

72.0 

%

ROE
3

13.1

%

11.7 

%

11.8 

%

Adjusted ROE
3, 4

13.3

%

11.7 

%

11.8 

%

ROTCE
3, 4

15.2

%

13.4 

%

13.5 

%

Adjusted ROTCE
3, 4

15.4

%

13.4 

%

13.5 

%

Pre-tax margin
5

29.9

%

27.3 

%

28.0 

%

Pre-tax margin by segment
5

Institutional Securities

35.3

%

26.9 

%

30.4 

%

Wealth Management

23.0

%

27.2 

%

26.2 

%

Wealth Management, adjusted
4

24.2

%

27.2 

%

26.2 

%

Investment Management

23.3

%

26.2 

%

16.9 

%

in millions, except per share data and as noted

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019

Liquidity resources
6

$

338,623

$

215,868 

Loans
7

$

150,597

$

130,637 

Total assets

$

1,115,862

$

895,429 

Deposits

$

310,782

$

190,356 

Borrowings

$

217,079

$

192,627 

Common shares outstanding

1,810

1,594 

Common shareholders' equity

$

92,531

$

73,029 

Tangible common shareholders’ equity
4

$

75,916

$

63,780 

Book value per common share
8

$

51.13

$

45.82 

Tangible book value per common share
4, 8

$

41.95

$

40.01 

Worldwide employees
9
 (in thousands)

68

60 

Capital ratios
10

Common Equity Tier 1 capital—Standardized

17.4

%

16.4 

%

Common Equity Tier 1 capital—Advanced

17.7

%

16.9 

%

Tier 1 capital—Standardized

19.4

%

18.6 

%

Tier 1 capital—Advanced

19.8

%

19.2 

%

SLR
11

7.4

%

6.4 

%

Tier 1 leverage

8.4

%

8.3 

%

1.
For further information on diluted earnings (loss) per common share, see Note 18 to the financial statements.

2.
The expense efficiency ratio represents total non-interest expenses as a percentage of net revenues.

3.
ROE and ROTCE represent earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders as a percentage of average common equity and average tangible common equity, respectively.

4.
Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.

5.
Pre-tax margin represents income before income taxes as a percentage of net revenues. 

6.
For a discussion of Liquidity Resources, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Liquidity Risk Management Framework—Liquidity Resources” herein.

7.
Amounts include loans held for investment (net of allowance) and loans held for sale but exclude loans at fair value, which are included in Trading assets in the balance sheets. See Note 10 to the financial statements.

8.
Book value per common share and tangible book value per common share equal common shareholders’ equity and tangible common shareholders’ equity, respectively, divided by common shares outstanding.

9.
As of December 31, 2020, the number of employees includes legacy E*TRADE.

10.
For a discussion of our capital ratios, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements” herein.

11.
At December 31, 2020, our SLR reflects the impact of a Federal Reserve interim final rule in effect until March 31, 2021. For further information, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements” herein.

December 2020 Form 10-K

28

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Coronavirus Disease (“COVID-19”) Pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions have had, and will likely continue to have, a severe impact on global economic conditions and the environment in which we operate our businesses. We have a return-to-workplace program, which is based on role, location and employee willingness and ability to return and focused on the health and safety of all staff. 
At this time, however, we do not expect significant numbers of staff to return to offices before the third quarter of 2021. 
The Firm continues to be fully operational, with approximately 90% of employees in the Americas and globally working from home as of December 31, 2020.

Though we are unable to estimate the extent of the impact, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related global economic crisis may have adverse impacts on our future operating results. To date, given our business model, economic conditions have affected our businesses in different ways. We have increased our allowance for credit losses on loans and lending commitments, and the persistence of low interest rates has continued to negatively affect our net interest margin in the Wealth Management business segment. Overall for the Firm, increased client trading and capital markets activity has benefited Institutional Securities business segment results in Sales and trading and Investment banking underwriting revenues. However, the high levels of client trading and capital markets activity experienced in the current year may not be repeated and certain other client-driven activity could become subdued. Refer to “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Statements.”

Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information

We prepare our financial statements using U.S. GAAP. From time to time, we may disclose certain “non-GAAP financial measures” in this document or in the course of our earnings releases, earnings and other conference calls, financial presentations, definitive proxy statement and otherwise. A “non-GAAP financial measure” excludes, or includes, amounts from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We consider the non-GAAP financial measures we disclose to be useful to us, investors, analysts and other stakeholders by providing further transparency about, or an alternate means of assessing or comparing our financial condition, operating results and capital adequacy. 

These measures are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, U.S. GAAP and may be different from or inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. Whenever we refer to a non-GAAP financial measure, we will also generally define it or present the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, along with a reconciliation of the differences between the U.S. GAAP financial measure and the non-GAAP financial measure. 

The principal non-GAAP financial measures presented in this document are set forth in the following tables. 

Reconciliations from U.S. GAAP to Non-GAAP Consolidated Financial Measures

$ in millions, except per share data

2020

2019

2018

Earnings applicable to Morgan 

Stanley common shareholders

$

10,500

$

8,512 

$

8,222 

Impact of adjustments:

Integration-related expenses

231

— 

— 

Related tax benefit

(42)

— 

— 

Adjusted earnings applicable to 

Morgan Stanley common shareholders—non-GAAP
1

$

10,689

$

8,512

$

8,222

Earnings per diluted common share

$

6.46

$

5.19

$

4.73

Impact of adjustments

0.12

— 

— 

Adjusted earnings per diluted common 

share—non-GAAP
1

$

6.58

$

5.19 

$

4.73 

Expense efficiency ratio

70.1

%

72.7 

%

72.0 

%

Impact of adjustments

(0.5)

%

— 

%

— 

%

Adjusted expense efficiency ratio—non-GAAP
1

69.6

%

72.7 

%

72.0 

%

Wealth Management Pre-tax margin 

23.0

%

27.2 

%

26.2 

%

Impact of adjustments

1.2

%

— 

%

— 

%

Adjusted Wealth Management pre-tax margin—non-GAAP
1

24.2

%

27.2 

%

26.2 

%

At December 31,

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Tangible equity

Common shareholders' equity

$

92,531

$

73,029 

$

71,726 

Less: Goodwill and net intangible assets

(16,615)

(9,249)

(8,847)

Tangible common shareholders' equity—non-GAAP

$

75,916

$

63,780 

$

62,879 

Average Monthly Balance

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Tangible equity

Common shareholders' equity

$

80,246

$

72,720 

$

69,977 

Less: Goodwill and net intangible assets

(10,951)

(9,140)

(8,985)

Tangible common shareholders' equity—non-GAAP

$

69,295

$

63,580 

$

60,992 

$ in billions

2020

2019

2018

Average common equity

Unadjusted—GAAP

$

80.2

$

72.7 

$

70.0 

Adjusted
1
—Non-GAAP

80.3

72.7 

70.0 

ROE
2

Unadjusted—GAAP

13.1

%

11.7 

%

11.8 

%

Adjusted
1
—Non-GAAP

13.3

%

11.7 

%

11.8 

%

Average tangible common equity—Non-GAAP

Unadjusted

$

69.3

$

63.6 

$

61.0 

Adjusted
1

69.3

63.6 

61.0 

ROTCE
2
—Non-GAAP

Unadjusted

15.2

%

13.4 

%

13.5 

%

Adjusted
1

15.4

%

13.4 

%

13.5 

%

29

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Non-GAAP Financial Measures by Business Segment

$ in billions

2020

2019

2018

Average common equity
3, 4

Institutional Securities

$

42.8

$

40.4 

$

40.8 

Wealth Management

20.8

18.2 

16.8 

Investment Management

2.6

2.5 

2.6 

ROE
5

Institutional Securities

15.5

%

10.4 

%

11.0 

%

Wealth Management

15.6

%

19.8 

%

20.0 

%

Investment Management

23.3

%

28.9 

%

14.2 

%

Average tangible common equity
3, 
4

Institutional Securities

$

42.3

$

39.9 

$

40.1 

Wealth Management

11.3

10.2 

9.2 

Investment Management

1.7

1.5 

1.7 

ROTCE
5

Institutional Securities

15.7

%

10.5 

%

11.2 

%

Wealth Management

28.9

%

35.6 

%

36.6 

%

Investment Management

36.0

%

46.6 

%

22.2 

%

1.
Adjusted amounts exclude the effect of costs related to the integration of E*TRADE, net of tax as appropriate. Total integration-related expenses on a pre-tax basis include $151 million in Compensation expenses and $80 million in Non-compensation expenses. For more information, see Note 3 to the financial statements.

2.
ROE and ROTCE represent earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders as a percentage of average common equity and average tangible common equity, respectively. When excluding integration-related costs, both the numerator and average denominator are adjusted.

3.
Average common equity and average tangible common equity for each business segment is determined using our Required Capital framework (see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Attribution of Average Common Equity According to the Required Capital Framework” herein).

4.
The sums of the segments' Average common equity and Average tangible common equity do not equal the Consolidated measures due to Parent equity. 

5.
The calculation of ROE and ROTCE by segment uses net income applicable to Morgan Stanley by segment less preferred dividends allocated to each segment as a percentage of average common equity and average tangible common equity, respectively, allocated to each segment.

Return on Tangible Common Equity Target 

In January 2021, we established a 2-year ROTCE Target of 14% to 16%, excluding integration-related expenses. 

Our ROTCE Target is a forward-looking statement that was based on a normal market environment and may be materially affected by many factors, including, among other things: mergers and acquisitions; macroeconomic and market conditions; legislative, accounting, tax and regulatory developments; industry trading and investment banking volumes; equity market levels; interest rate environment; outsized legal expenses or penalties; the ability to control expenses; and capital levels. See “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” for additional information.

Given the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, it is uncertain if the ROTCE Target will be met within the originally stated time frame. See “Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Pandemic” herein and “Risk Factors” for further information on market and economic conditions and their effects on our financial results.

For further information on non-GAAP measures (ROTCE excluding integration-related expenses), see “Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information” herein.

Business Segments

Substantially all of our operating revenues and operating expenses are directly attributable to our business segments. Certain revenues and expenses have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues, non-interest expenses or other relevant measures. See Note 23 to the financial statements for information on intersegment transactions.

Net Revenues

Investment Banking 

Investment banking revenues are derived from client engagements in which we act as an adviser, underwriter or distributor of capital.

Within the Institutional Securities business segment, these revenues are primarily composed of fees earned from underwriting equity and fixed income securities, syndicating loans and advisory services in relation to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures and corporate restructurings.

Within the Wealth Management business segment, these revenues are derived from the distribution of newly issued securities.

Trading

Trading revenues include the realized gains and losses from transactions in financial instruments, unrealized gains and losses from ongoing changes in the fair value of our positions, and gains and losses from financial instruments used to economically hedge compensation expense related to certain employee deferred compensation plans.

Within the Institutional Securities business segment, Trading revenues arise from transactions in cash instruments and derivatives in which we act as a market maker for our clients. In this role, we stand ready to buy, sell or otherwise transact with customers under a variety of market conditions and to provide firm or indicative prices in response to customer requests. Our liquidity obligations can be explicit in some cases, and in others, customers expect us to be willing to transact with them. In order to most effectively fulfill our market-making function, we engage in activities across all of our trading businesses that include, but are not limited to:

•
taking positions in anticipation of, and in response to, customer demand to buy or sell and—depending on the liquidity of the relevant market and the size of the position—to hold those positions for a period of time;

•
building, maintaining and rebalancing inventory held to facilitate client activity through trades with other market participants;

•
managing and assuming basis risk (risk associated with imperfect hedging) between risks incurred from the facilitation of client transactions and the standardized products available in the market to hedge those risks;

December 2020 Form 10-K

30

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

•
trading in the market to remain current on pricing and trends; and

•
engaging in other activities to provide efficiency and liquidity for markets.

In many markets, the realized and unrealized gains and losses from purchase and sale transactions will include any spreads between bids and offers. Certain fees received on loans carried at fair value and dividends from equity securities are also recorded in Trading revenues since they relate to positions carried at fair value.

Within the Wealth Management business segment, Trading revenues primarily include revenues from customers’ purchases and sales of fixed income instruments in which we act as principal, and gains and losses related to investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans.

Investments

Investments revenues are composed of realized and unrealized gains and losses derived from investments, including those associated with employee deferred compensation and co-investment plans. Estimates of the fair value of the investments that produce these revenues may involve significant judgment and may fluctuate significantly over time in light of business, market, economic and financial conditions, generally or in relation to specific transactions.

Within the Institutional Securities segment, gains and losses are primarily from business-related investments. Certain investments are subject to sale restrictions. Typically, there are no fee revenues from these investments.

Within the Investment Management business segment, Investments revenues, in addition to gains and losses from investments, include performance-based fees in the form of carried interest, a portion of which is subject to reversal. The business is entitled to receive carried interest when the return in certain funds exceeds specified performance targets. Additionally, there are certain sponsored Investment Management funds consolidated by us where revenues are primarily attributable to holders of noncontrolling interests. 

Commissions and Fees 

Commissions and fees result from arrangements in which the client is charged a fee for executing transactions related to securities, services related to sales and trading activities, and sales of other products. 

Within the Institutional Securities business segment, commissions and fees include fees earned from market-making activities, such as executing and clearing client transactions on major stock and derivative exchanges, as well as from OTC derivatives. 

Within the Wealth Management business segment, commissions and fees primarily arise from client transactions 

in equity securities, insurance products, mutual funds, futures and options, and also include revenues from order flow payments 
for directing customer orders to broker-dealers, exchanges, and market centers for execution
. 

Asset Management

Asset management revenues include fees associated with the management and supervision of assets and the distribution of funds and similar products.

Within the Wealth Management business segment, Asset management revenues are associated with advisory services and management of assets, account service and administration, as well as distribution of products. These revenues are generally based on the net asset value of the account in which a client is invested.

Within the Investment Management business segment, Asset management revenues are primarily composed of fees received from mutual fund daily average net assets or based on monthly or quarterly invested equity for other vehicles. Performance-based fees, not in the form of carried interest, are earned on certain products and separately managed accounts as a percentage of appreciation generally earned by those products and, in certain cases, are based upon the achievement of performance criteria. These performance fees are generally recognized annually.

Net Interest

Interest income and Interest expense are functions of the level and mix of total assets and liabilities, including Trading assets and Trading liabilities, Investment securities, Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, Loans, Deposits and Borrowings. 

Within the Institutional Securities business segment, Net interest is a function of market-making strategies, client activity, and the prevailing level, term structure and volatility of interest rates. Net interest is impacted by market-making activities as securities held by the Firm generally earn interest, as do securities borrowed and securities purchased under agreements to resell, while securities loaned and securities sold under agreements to repurchase generally incur interest expense. 

Within the Wealth Management business segment, Interest income is driven by Investment securities, Loans and margin loans. Interest expense is driven by Deposits and other funding. Upon acquisition, E*TRADE’s Investment securities were recorded at fair value, and the resulting premium will be amortized over the life of the portfolio against interest income.

Other

Other revenues for Institutional Securities include revenues and losses from equity method investments, lending 

31

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

commitments, fees earned in association with lending activities and the provision for loan losses.

Other revenues for Wealth Management are derived from realized gains and losses on AFS securities, the provision for loan losses, account handling fees, referral fees and other miscellaneous revenues.

Institutional Securities—Sales and Trading Revenues

Sales and trading net revenues are composed of Trading revenues, Commissions and fees, Asset management revenues and Net interest. These revenues, which can be affected by a variety of interrelated factors, including market volumes, bid-offer spreads and the impact of market conditions on inventory held to facilitate client activity, as well as the effect of hedging activity, are viewed in the aggregate when assessing the performance and profitability of our sales and trading activities. We make transaction-related decisions based on, among other things, an assessment of the aggregate expected profit or loss associated with a transaction, including any associated commissions and fees, dividends, or net interest income, any costs associated with financing or hedging our positions and other related expenses.

Following is a description of the sales and trading activities within our equity and fixed income businesses, as well as how their results impact the income statement line items.

Equity—Financing.
 We provide financing, prime brokerage and fund administration services to our clients active in the equity markets through a variety of products, including margin lending, securities lending and swaps. Results from this business are largely driven by the difference between financing income earned and financing costs incurred, which are reflected in Net interest for securities lending products, and in Trading revenues for derivative products. Fees for providing fund administration services are reflected in Asset management revenues.

Equity—Execution services.
 A significant portion of the results for this business is generated by commissions and fees from executing and clearing client transactions on major stock and derivative exchanges, as well as from OTC transactions. We make markets for our clients principally in equity-related securities and derivative products, including those that provide liquidity and are utilized for hedging. Market-making also generates gains and losses on inventory held to facilitate client activity, which are reflected in Trading revenues.

Fixed income
—Within fixed income, we make markets in various flow and structured products in order to facilitate client activity as part of the following products and services:

•
Global macro products.
 We make markets for our clients in interest rate, foreign exchange and emerging market products, including exchange-traded and OTC securities and derivative instruments. The results of this market-making activity are primarily driven by gains and losses 

from buying and selling positions to stand ready for and satisfy client demand and are recorded in Trading revenues.

•
Credit products.
 We make markets in credit-sensitive products, such as corporate bonds and mortgage securities and other securitized products, and related derivative instruments. The values of positions in this business are sensitive to changes in credit spreads and interest rates, which result in gains and losses reflected in Trading revenues. We undertake lending activities, which include commercial mortgage lending, secured lending facilities and financing extended to sales and trading customers. Due to the amount and type of the interest-bearing securities and loans making up this business, a significant portion of the results is also reflected in Net interest revenues.

•
Commodities products and Other.
 We make markets in various commodity products related primarily to electricity, natural gas, oil and metals. Other activities primarily include results from the centralized management of our fixed income derivative counterparty exposures and managing derivative counterparty risk on behalf of clients. These activities are primarily recorded in Trading revenues.

Other sales and trading revenues include impacts from certain treasury functions, such as liquidity costs and gains and losses on economic hedges related to certain borrowings, certain activities associated with corporate lending, as well as gains and losses from financial instruments used to economically hedge compensation expense related to certain employee deferred compensation plans.

Compensation Expense

Compensation and benefits expenses include base salaries and fixed allowances, formulaic programs, discretionary incentive compensation, amortization of deferred cash and equity awards, changes in the fair value of investments to which certain deferred compensation plans are referenced, carried interest allocated to employees, severance costs, and other items such as health and welfare benefits.

The factors that drive compensation for our employees vary from period to period, from segment to segment and within a segment. For certain revenue-producing employees in the Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments, compensation is largely paid on the basis of formulaic payouts that link employee compensation to revenues. Compensation for other employees, including revenue-producing employees in the Institutional Securities business segment, include base salary and benefits, and may also include incentive compensation that is determined following the assessment of the Firm’s, business unit’s and individual’s performance. 

Compensation expense for deferred cash-based compensation plans is recognized over the relevant vesting period and is adjusted based on the notional earnings of the referenced investments until distribution. Although changes in 

December 2020 Form 10-K

32

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

compensation expense resulting from changes in the fair value of the referenced investments will generally be offset by changes in the fair value of investments made by the Firm, there is typically a timing difference between the immediate recognition of gains and losses on the Firm's investments and the compensation expense recognized over the vesting period.

Income Taxes

The income tax provision for our business segments is generally determined based on the revenues, expenses and activities directly attributable to each business segment. Certain items have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues or other relevant measures.

33

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Institutional Securities

Income Statement Information

% Change

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

Revenues

Investment banking

$

7,204

$

5,734 

$

6,088 

26

%

(6)

%

Trading

13,106

10,318 

11,191 

27

%

(8)

%

Investments

166

325 

182 

(49)

%

79 

%

Commissions and fees

2,935

2,484 

2,671 

18

%

(7)

%

Asset management

461

413 

421 

12

%

(2)

%

Other

(214)

632 

535 

(134)

%

18 

%

Total non-interest

revenues

23,658

19,906 

21,088 

19

%

(6)

%

Interest income

5,809

12,193 

9,271 

(52)

%

32 

%

Interest expense

3,519

11,713 

9,777 

(70)

%

20 

%

Net interest

2,290

480 

(506)

N/M

195 

%

Net revenues

25,948

20,386 

20,582 

27

%

(1)

%

Compensation and

benefits

8,342

7,433 

6,958 

12

%

7 

%

Non-compensation

expenses

8,455

7,463 

7,364 

13

%

1 

%

Total non-interest

expenses

16,797

14,896 

14,322 

13

%

4 

%

Income from continuing 

operations before

income taxes

9,151

5,490 

6,260 

67

%

(12)

%

Provision for income

taxes

2,040

769 

1,230 

165

%

(37)

%

Income from continuing

operations

7,111

4,721 

5,030 

51

%

(6)

%

Income (loss) from 

discontinued operations, 

net of income taxes

—

— 

(6)

N/M

100 

%

Net income

7,111

4,721 

5,024 

51

%

(6)

%

Net income applicable 

to noncontrolling interests

99

122 

118 

(19)

%

3 

%

Net income applicable 

to Morgan Stanley

$

7,012

$

4,599 

$

4,906 

52

%

(6)

%

Investment Banking

Investment Banking Revenues

% Change

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

Advisory

$

2,008

$

2,116 

$

2,436 

(5)

%

(13)

%

Underwriting:

Equity

3,092

1,708 

1,726 

81

%

(1)

%

Fixed Income

2,104

1,910 

1,926 

10

%

(1)

%

Total Underwriting

5,196

3,618 

3,652 

44

%

(1)

%

Total Investment banking

$

7,204

$

5,734 

$

6,088 

26

%

(6)

%

Investment Banking Volumes

$ in billions

2020

2019

2018

Completed mergers and acquisitions
1

$

867

$

826 

$

1,114 

Equity and equity-related offerings
2, 3

100

61 

64 

Fixed income offerings
2, 4

374

287 

241 

Source: Refinitiv data as of January 4, 2021. Transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. In addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal, change in value or change in timing of certain transactions.

1.
Includes transactions of $100 million or more. Based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction.

2.
Based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers.

3.
Includes Rule 144A issuances and registered public offerings of common stock, convertible securities and rights offerings.

4.
Includes Rule 144A and publicly registered issuances, non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and taxable municipal debt. Excludes leveraged loans and self-led issuances.

Investment Banking Revenues

Investment banking revenues of $7,204 million in 2020 increased 26% compared with the prior year, reflecting strength in our underwriting businesses.

•
Advisory revenues decreased primarily due to fewer large completed transactions.

•
Equity underwriting revenues increased on higher volumes, primarily in secondary block share trades, initial public offerings and follow-on offerings.

•
Fixed income underwriting revenues increased on higher volumes, primarily in investment grade and non-investment grade bond issuances, partially offset by lower event-driven investment grade loan activity.

See “Investment Banking Volumes” herein.

Sales and Trading Net Revenues

By Income Statement Line Item

% Change

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

Trading

$

13,106

$

10,318 

$

11,191 

27

%

(8)

%

Commissions and fees

2,935

2,484 

2,671 

18

%

(7)

%

Asset management

461

413 

421 

12

%

(2)

%

Net interest

2,290

480 

(506)

N/M

195 

%

Total

$

18,792

$

13,695 

$

13,777 

37

%

(1)

%

December 2020 Form 10-K

34

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

By Business

% Change

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

Equity

$

9,801

$

8,056 

$

8,976 

22

%

(10)

%

Fixed income

8,824

5,546 

5,005 

59

%

11 

%

Other

167

93 

(204)

80

%

146 

%

Total

$

18,792

$

13,695 

$

13,777 

37

%

(1)

%

Sales and Trading Revenues—Equity and Fixed Income

2020

$ in millions

Trading

Fees
1

Net

Interest
2

Total

Financing

$

3,736

$

439

$

342

$

4,517

Execution services

2,882

2,658

(256)

5,284

Total Equity

$

6,618

$

3,097

$

86

$

9,801

Total Fixed income

$

6,840

$

299

$

1,685

$

8,824

2019

$ in millions

Trading

Fees
1

Net

Interest
2

Total

Financing

$

4,225 

$

372 

$

(514)

$

4,083 

Execution services

1,986 

2,202 

(215)

3,973 

Total Equity

$

6,211 

$

2,574 

$

(729)

$

8,056 

Total Fixed income

$

5,171 

$

324 

$

51 

$

5,546 

2018

$ in millions

Trading

Fees
1

Net

Interest
2

Total

Financing

$

4,841 

$

394 

$

(661)

$

4,574 

Execution services

2,362 

2,376 

(336)

4,402 

Total Equity

$

7,203 

$

2,770 

$

(997)

$

8,976 

Total Fixed income

$

4,793 

$

322 

$

(110)

$

5,005 

1.
Includes Commissions and fees and Asset management revenues.

2.
Includes funding costs, which are allocated to the businesses based on funding usage. 

Equity

Equity sales and trading net revenues of $9,801 million in 2020 increased 22% compared with the prior year, reflecting strong performance in both our execution services and financing businesses.

•
Financing revenues increased overall, primarily driven by client activity. In addition, changes in market rates and financing mix contributed to higher Net interest revenues and an offsetting reduction in Trading revenues.

•
Execution services revenues increased, primarily reflecting higher client activity and the impact of market conditions on inventory held to facilitate client activity in derivatives and cash equities.

Fixed Income

Fixed income net revenues of $8,824 million in 2020 increased 59% compared with the prior year, reflecting strong performance across all products.

•
Global macro products revenues increased, primarily due to higher client activity in both rates and foreign exchange 

products and the impact of market conditions on inventory held to facilitate client activity.

•
Credit products revenues increased, primarily due to higher client activity in corporate credit and securitized products from higher volumes and wider bid-offer spreads, partially offset by the impact of market conditions on inventory held to facilitate client activity. Lower funding costs and higher average secured lending facilities balances contributed to higher Net interest revenues.

•
Commodities products and Other revenues increased, primarily reflecting the impact of market conditions on inventory held to facilitate client activity and higher client activity in Commodities, partially offset by lower client structuring activity within derivative counterparty credit risk management.

Other

•
Other sales and trading revenues of $167 million in 2020 increased 80% compared with the prior year, primarily reflecting gains on hedges associated with corporate lending activity compared with losses in the prior year, partially offset by lower rates on liquidity investments.

Investments, Other Revenues, Non-interest Expenses and Income Tax Items

Investments

•
Net investment gains of $166 million in 2020 decreased 49% compared with the prior year primarily due to the absence of a gain associated with an investment’s initial public offering.

Other Revenues

•
Other net losses were $214 million in 2020 compared with Other revenues of $632 million in the prior year. This change was primarily as a result of mark-to-market losses on loans and lending commitments held for sale in the current year, as credit spreads widened, compared with gains in the prior year, as well as an increase in the provision for credit losses on loans held for investment in the current year.

Non-interest Expenses

Non-interest expenses of $16,797 million in 2020 increased 13% compared with the prior year, reflecting a 12% increase in Compensation and benefits expenses and a 13% increase in Non-compensation expenses compared with the prior year.

•
Compensation and benefits expenses increased, primarily due to increases in discretionary incentive compensation, driven by higher revenues.

•
Non-compensation expenses increased, primarily reflecting higher volume-related expenses and an increase in the provision for credit losses for lending commitments.

35

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Income Tax Items

Net discrete tax benefits of $68 million and $400 million were recognized in Provision for income taxes in 2020 and 2019, respectively
. The provision for income taxes in 2020 compared with the prior year was also impacted by the higher level of earnings. For
 further information, see “Supplemental Financial Information—Income Tax Matters” herein.

December 2020 Form 10-K

36

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Wealth Management

Income Statement Information

% Change

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

Revenues

Investment banking

$

559

$

509 

$

475 

10

%

7 

%

Trading

844

734 

279 

15

%

163 

%

Investments

12

2 

1 

N/M

100 

%

Commissions and fees

2,291

1,726 

1,804 

33

%

(4)

%

Asset management

10,955

10,199 

10,158 

7

%

— 

%

Other

372

345 

248 

8

%

39 

%

Total non-interest revenues

15,033

13,515 

12,965 

11

%

4 

%

Interest income

4,771

5,467 

5,498 

(13)

%

(1)

%

Interest expense

749

1,245 

1,221 

(40)

%

2 

%

Net interest

4,022

4,222 

4,277 

(5)

%

(1)

%

Net revenues

19,055

17,737 

17,242 

7

%

3 

%

Compensation and benefits

10,970

9,774 

9,507 

12

%

3 

%

Non-compensation expenses

3,698

3,131 

3,214 

18

%

(3)

%

Total non-interest expenses

14,668

12,905 

12,721 

14

%

1 

%

Income from continuing operations before income taxes

4,387

4,832 

4,521 

(9)

%

7 

%

Provision for income taxes

1,026

1,104 

1,049 

(7)

%

5 

%

Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

3,361

$

3,728 

$

3,472 

(10)

%

7 

%

Acquisition of E*TRADE

On October 2, 2020, we completed the acquisition of E*TRADE principally via the issuance of approximately $11 billion of common shares. In addition, we issued $0.7 billion of preferred shares in exchange for E*TRADE’s existing preferred stock. The combination increases the scale and breadth of Morgan Stanley’s Wealth Management franchise, and positions us to be an industry leader in Wealth Management across all channels and wealth segments. From the acquisition date onward, the business activities of E*TRADE have been reported within the Wealth Management business segment. For additional information on the acquisition of E*TRADE, see Note 3 to the financial statements.

Wealth Management Metrics

At or for the Year Ended

December 31,

$ in billions

2020

2019

Total client assets

$

3,999

$

2,700

Net new assets
1

$

175.4

$

97.8

U.S. Bank Subsidiary loans

$

98.1

$

80.1

Margin and other lending
2

$

23.1

$

9.7

Deposits
3

$

306

$

187

Weighted average cost of deposits
4

0.24%

0.91%

1.
Net new assets represents client inflows (including dividends and interest) less client outflows (excluding activity from business combinations/divestitures and the impact of fees and commissions).

2.
Margin and other lending represents Wealth Management margin lending arrangements, which allow customers to borrow against the value of qualifying securities and Wealth Management other lending which includes non‐purpose securities-based lending on non‐bank entities.

3.
Deposits reflect liabilities sourced from Wealth Management clients and other sources of funding on the U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. Deposits include sweep deposit programs, savings and other, and time deposits. Excludes approximately $25 billion of off-balance sheet deposits as of December 31, 2020.

4.
Weighted average cost of deposits represents the annualized weighted average cost of deposits as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019.

At or for the Year Ended

$ in billions, except employee data and as otherwise noted

December 31,

2020

2019

2018

Advisor-led channel:

Advisor-led client assets
1

$

3,167

$

2,623

$

2,254

Fee-based client assets
2

$

1,472

$

1,267

$

1,046

Fee-based asset flows
3

$

77.4

$

64.9

$

65.9

Fee-based client assets as a percentage of 

advisor-led client assets

46%

48%

46%

Wealth Management representatives

(in thousands)

16

15

16

Self-directed channel:

Self-directed assets
4

$

832

$

77

$

49

Daily average revenue trades (“DARTs”)

(in thousands)
5

280

3

3

Self-directed households (in millions)
6

6.7

1.6

1.1

Workplace channel:

Workplace unvested assets
7

$

435

$

133

$

13

Number of participants (in millions)
8

4.9

2.7

1.0

1.
Advisor-led client assets represents client assets in accounts that have a Wealth Management representative assigned.

2.
Fee‐based client assets represents the amount of assets in client accounts where the basis of payment for services is a fee calculated on those assets.

3.
Fee-based asset flows includes net new fee-based assets, net account transfers, dividends, interest and client fees, and excludes institutional cash management related activity. For a description of the Inflows and Outflows included in Fee-based asset flows, see Fee-based client assets herein.

4.
Self-directed assets represents active accounts which are not advisor led. Active accounts are defined as having $25 or more in assets.

5.
DARTs represent the total self-directed trades in a period divided by the number of trading days during that period. DARTs for the fourth quarter of 2020 were 1,106 thousand, which includes the impact of the E*TRADE acquisition.

6.
Self-directed households represents the total number of households that include at least one account with self-directed assets. Individual households or participants that are engaged in one or more of our Wealth Management channels will be included in each of the respective channel counts.

7.
Workplace unvested assets represents the market value of public company securities at the end of the period.

8.
Workplace participants represents total accounts with vested or unvested assets >$0 in the workplace channel. Individuals with accounts in multiple plans are counted as participants in each plan.

37

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Net Revenues

Transactional Revenues

% Change

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

Investment banking

$

559

$

509

$

475

10%

7%

Trading

844

734

279

15%

163%

Commissions and fees

2,291

1,726

1,804

33%

(4)%

Total

$

3,694

$

2,969

$

2,558

24%

16%

Transactional revenues of $3,694 million in 2020 increased 24% compared with the prior year, primarily as a result of higher Commissions and fees and higher Trading revenues.

•
Trading revenues increased in 2020, primarily due to gains from investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans, partially offset by lower fixed income revenues.

•
Commissions and fees increased in 2020, primarily due to increased client activity in equities, as well as order flow payments as a result of the E*TRADE acquisition.

Asset Management

Asset management revenues of $10,955 million in 2020 increased 7% compared with the prior year, due to higher fee-based asset levels in 2020 as a result of market appreciation and positive fee-based net flows, partially offset by lower average fee rates.

See “Fee-Based Client Assets Rollforwards” herein.

Net Interest

Net interest revenues of $4,022 million in 2020 decreased 5% compared with the prior year, primarily due to the net effect of lower interest rates, partially offset by growth in bank lending and increases in investment portfolio balances driven by higher brokerage sweep deposits, as well as incremental Net interest as a result of the E*TRADE acquisition.

Non-interest Expenses

Non-interest expenses of $14,668 million in 2020 increased 14% compared with the prior year, due to higher Compensation and benefits expenses and Non-compensation expenses.

•
Compensation and benefits expenses increased, primarily due to an increase in the formulaic payout to Wealth Management representatives, driven by higher compensable revenues, incremental compensation as a result of the E*TRADE acquisition and integration-related expenses of $151 million, as well as higher expenses related to certain deferred compensation plans linked to investment performance.

•
Non-compensation expenses increased, primarily due to incremental operating and other expenses as a result of the E*TRADE acquisition, integration-related expenses of $80 million, a regulatory charge in the third quarter of 2020 and 

$52 million of E*TRADE-related intangible assets amortization. Partially offsetting these increases was lower marketing and business development expenses.

Fee-Based Client Assets Rollforwards

$ in billions

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Inflows

Outflows

MarketImpact

AtDecember 31,
2020 

Separately managed
1

$

322 

$

48

$

(25)

$

14

$

359

Unified managed

313 

63

(43)

46

379

Advisor

155 

33

(28)

17

177

Portfolio manager

435 

86

(57)

45

509

Subtotal

$

1,225 

$

230

$

(153)

$

122

$

1,424

Cash management

42 

28

(22)

—

48

Total fee-based client assets

$

1,267 

$

258

$

(175)

$

122

$

1,472

$ in billions

AtDecember 31,
2018 

Inflows

Outflows

MarketImpact

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Separately managed
1

$

279 

$

53 

$

(19)

$

9 

$

322 

Unified managed

257 

48 

(39)

47 

313 

Advisor

137 

27 

(32)

23 

155 

Portfolio manager

353 

75 

(48)

55 

435 

Subtotal

$

1,026 

$

203 

$

(138)

$

134 

$

1,225 

Cash management

20 

36 

(14)

— 

42 

Total fee-based client assets

$

1,046 

$

239 

$

(152)

$

134 

$

1,267 

$ in billions

AtDecember 31,
2017 

Inflows

Outflows

MarketImpact

AtDecember 31,
2018 

Separately managed
1

$

252 

$

40 

$

(18)

$

5 

$

279 

Unified managed

271 

48 

(34)

(28)

257 

Advisor

149 

29 

(28)

(13)

137 

Portfolio manager

353 

71 

(42)

(29)

353 

Subtotal

$

1,025 

$

188 

$

(122)

$

(65)

$

1,026 

Cash management

20 

16 

(16)

— 

20 

Total fee-based client assets

$

1,045 

$

204 

$

(138)

$

(65)

$

1,046 

1.
Includes non-custody account values reflecting prior quarter-end balances due to a lag in the reporting of asset values by third-party custodians.

Average Fee Rates

Fee rate in bps

2020

2019

2018

Separately managed

14

15 

16 

Unified managed

99

100 

99 

Advisor

85

86 

84 

Portfolio manager

94

95 

95 

Subtotal

73

74 

76 

Cash management

5

6 

6 

Total fee-based client assets

70

73 

74 

•
Inflows
—include new accounts, account transfers, deposits, dividends and interest.

•
Outflows
—include closed or terminated accounts, account transfers, withdrawals and client fees.

•
Market impact
—includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments.

•
Separately managed
—accounts by which third-party and affiliated asset managers are engaged to manage clients’ 

December 2020 Form 10-K

38

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

assets with investment decisions made by the asset manager. Only one third-party asset manager strategy can be held per account.

•
Unified managed
—accounts that provide the client with the ability to combine separately managed accounts, mutual funds and exchange-traded funds all in one aggregate account. Investment decisions and discretionary authority may be exercised by the client, financial advisor or portfolio manager. Also includes accounts that give the client the ability to systematically allocate assets across a wide range of mutual funds, for which the investment decisions are made by the client.

•
Advisor
—accounts where the investment decisions must be approved by the client and the financial advisor must obtain approval each time a change is made to the account or its investments.

•
Portfolio manager
—accounts where a financial advisor has discretion (contractually approved by the client) to make ongoing investment decisions without the client’s approval for each individual change.

•
Cash management
—accounts where the financial advisor provides discretionary cash management services to institutional clients, whereby securities or proceeds are invested and reinvested in accordance with the client’s investment criteria. Generally, the portfolio will be invested in short-term fixed income and cash equivalent investments.

39

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Investment Management

Income Statement Information

% Change

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

Revenues

Trading

$

(34)

$

(8)

$

25 

N/M

(132)

%

Investments

808

1,213 

254 

(33)

%

N/M

Commissions and fees

1

1 

— 

—

%

N/M

Asset management

3,013

2,629 

2,468 

15

%

7 

%

Other

(39)

(46)

(30)

15

%

(53)

%

Total non-interest revenues

3,749

3,789 

2,717 

(1)

%

39 

%

Interest income

14

20 

57 

(30)

%

(65)

%

Interest expense

29

46 

28 

(37)

%

64 

%

Net interest

(15)

(26)

29 

42

%

(190)

%

Net revenues

3,734

3,763 

2,746 

(1)

%

37 

%

Compensation and benefits

1,542

1,630 

1,167 

(5)

%

40 

%

Non-compensation expenses

1,322

1,148 

1,115 

15

%

3 

%

Total non-interest expenses

2,864

2,778 

2,282 

3

%

22 

%

Income from continuing 

operations before income 

taxes

870

985 

464 

(12)

%

112 

%

Provision for income taxes

171

193 

73 

(11)

%

164 

%

Income from continuing 

operations

699

792 

391 

(12)

%

103 

%

Income from discontinued 

operations, net of income taxes

—

— 

2 

N/M

(100)%

Net income

699

792 

393 

(12)

%

102 

%

Net income applicable to 

noncontrolling interests

84

73 

17 

15

%

N/M

Net income applicable to 

Morgan Stanley

$

615

$

719 

$

376 

(14)

%

91 

%

Net Revenues

Investments

Investments revenues of $808 million in 2020 decreased 33% compared with the prior year, primarily reflecting lower accrued carried interest in Asia private equity, real estate and infrastructure funds.

Asset Management

Asset management revenues of $3,013 million in 2020 increased 15% compared with the prior year primarily as a result of higher average AUM, driven by strong investment performance and positive net flows.

See “Assets Under Management or Supervision” herein.

Non-interest Expenses

Non-interest expenses of $2,864 million in 2020 increased 3% compared with the prior year as a result of higher Non-compensation expenses, partially offset by lower Compensation and benefits expenses.

•
Compensation and benefits expenses decreased primarily as a result of lower compensation associated with carried interest, partially offset by increases in discretionary incentive compensation driven by higher Asset management revenues and higher expenses related to certain deferred compensation plans linked to investment performance.

•
Non-compensation expenses increased primarily as a result of higher fee sharing paid to intermediaries on higher average AUM.

December 2020 Form 10-K

40

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Assets Under Management or Supervision

Rollforwards 

$ in billions

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Inflows

Outflows

MarketImpact

Other

AtDecember 31,
2020 

Equity

$

138 

$

87

$

(51)

$

69

$

(1)

$

242

Fixed income

79 

37

(29)

4

7

98

Alternative/

Other

139 

26

(24)

5

7

153

Long-term AUM subtotal

356 

150

(104)

78

13

493

Liquidity

196 

1,584

(1,493)

1

—

288

Total AUM

$

552 

$

1,734

$

(1,597)

$

79

$

13

$

781

$ in billions

AtDecember 31,
2018 

Inflows

Outflows

MarketImpact

Other

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Equity

$

103 

$

39 

$

(31)

$

28 

$

(1)

$

138 

Fixed income

68 

25 

(20)

5 

1 

79 

Alternative/Other

128 

22 

(17)

10 

(4)

139 

Long-term AUM subtotal

299 

86 

(68)

43 

(4)

356 

Liquidity

164 

1,315 

(1,283)

2 

(2)

196 

Total AUM

$

463 

$

1,401 

$

(1,351)

$

45 

$

(6)

$

552 

$ in billions

AtDecember 31,
2017 

Inflows

Outflows

MarketImpact

Other

AtDecember 31,
2018 

Equity

$

105 

$

38 

$

(32)

$

(8)

$

— 

$

103 

Fixed income

73 

25 

(27)

(2)

(1)

68 

Alternative/Other

128 

22 

(19)

(1)

(2)

128 

Long-term AUM subtotal

306 

85 

(78)

(11)

(3)

299 

Liquidity
1

176 

1,351 

(1,362)

2 

(3)

164 

Total AUM

$

482 

$

1,436 

$

(1,440)

$

(9)

$

(6)

$

463 

1.
Included in Liquidity products outflows in 2018 is $18 billion related to the redesign of our brokerage sweep deposits program.

Average AUM

$ in billions

2020

2019

2018

Equity

$

174

$

124 

$

111 

Fixed income

86

71 

71 

Alternative/Other

145

134 

131 

Long-term AUM subtotal

405

329 

313 

Liquidity

252

171 

158 

Total AUM

$

657

$

500 

$

471 

Average Fee Rates

Fee rate in bps

2020

2019

2018

Equity

76

76 

76 

Fixed income

29

32 

33 

Alternative/Other

58

64 

66 

Long-term AUM

60

61 

62 

Liquidity

15

17 

17 

Total AUM

42

46 

47 

•
Inflows
—represent investments or commitments from new and existing clients in new or existing investment products, including reinvestments of client dividends and increases in invested capital. Inflows exclude the impact of exchanges, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class.

•
Outflows
—represent redemptions from clients’ funds, transition of funds from the committed capital period to the invested capital period and decreases in invested capital. Outflows exclude the impact of exchanges, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class.

•
Market impact
—includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments. This excludes any funds where market impact does not impact management fees.

•
Other
—contains both distributions and foreign currency impact for all periods and the impact of the Mesa West Capital, LLC acquisition in 2018. Distributions represent decreases in invested capital due to returns of capital after the investment period of a fund. It also includes fund dividends that the client has not reinvested. Foreign currency impact reflects foreign currency changes for non-U.S. dollar dominated funds.

•
Alternative/Other
—includes products in fund of funds, real estate, infrastructure, private equity and credit strategies, as well as multi-asset portfolios.

•
Average fee rate
—based on Asset management revenues, net of waivers, excluding performance-based fees and other non-management fees. For certain non-U.S. funds, it includes the portion of advisory fees that the advisor collects on behalf of third-party distributors. The payment of those fees to the distributor is included in Non-compensation expenses in the income statements.

Planned Acquisition of Eaton Vance

On October 8, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement under which we will acquire Eaton Vance, a leading provider of advanced investment management strategies and wealth management solutions, in a cash and stock transaction valued, as of the announcement, at approximately $7 billion, based on the 3-day volume-weighted average price of our common stock prior to October 7, 2020 and the number of Eaton Vance’s fully diluted shares outstanding on October 7, 2020. Under the terms of the agreement, Eaton Vance common stockholders will receive $28.25 in cash and 0.5833 shares of our common shares for each Eaton Vance common share. In addition, Eaton Vance common shareholders as of December 4, 2020 received a one-time special cash dividend of $4.25 per share on December 18, 2020, which was paid by Eaton Vance. We currently expect to complete the acquisition on March 1, 2021. Completion of the transaction remains subject to customary closing conditions.

41

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Supplemental Financial Information 

Income Tax Matters

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Effective tax rate

22.5

%

18.3 

%

20.9 

%

Net discrete tax provisions (benefits)

$

(122)

$

(475)

$

(368)

The increase in the Firm’s effective tax rate in 2020 compared with the prior year is primarily due to the higher level of earnings and lower net discrete tax benefits. In 2020, net discrete tax benefits were primarily related to the conversion of employee share-based awards.

The Firm’s effective tax rate for 2019 includes net discrete tax benefits primarily associated with remeasurement of reserves and related interest as a result of new information pertaining to the resolution of multi-jurisdiction tax examinations, as well as benefits related to conversion of employee share-based awards.

U.S. Bank Subsidiaries

Our U.S. bank subsidiaries, Morgan Stanley Bank N.A. (“MSBNA”), Morgan Stanley Private Bank, National Association (“MSPBNA”), E*TRADE Bank (“ETB”), and E*TRADE Savings Bank (“ETSB”) (collectively, “U.S. Bank Subsidiaries”) accept deposits, provide loans to a variety of customers, including large corporate and institutional clients as well as high net worth individuals, and invest in securities. Lending activity recorded in the U.S. Bank Subsidiaries from the Institutional Securities business segment primarily includes secured lending facilities, commercial and residential real estate loans, and corporate loans. Lending activity recorded in the U.S. Bank Subsidiaries from the Wealth Management business segment primarily includes securities-based lending, which allows clients to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities, and residential real estate loans.

For a further discussion of our credit risks, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk.” For a further discussion about loans and lending commitments, see Notes 10 and 15 to the financial statements.

U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ Supplemental Financial Information
1

$ in billions

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019

Investment securities portfolio:

Investment securities—AFS

$

90.3

$

42.4 

Investment securities—HTM

52.6

26.1 

Total investment securities

$

142.9

$

68.5 

Wealth Management Loans

Residential real estate

$

35.2

$

30.2 

Securities-based lending and other
2

62.9

49.9 

Total

$

98.1

$

80.1 

Institutional Securities Loans
3

Corporate
4

$

7.9

$

5.6 

Secured lending facilities

27.4

26.8 

Commercial and Residential real 

estate

10.1

12.0 

Securities-based lending and Other

5.4

5.4 

Total

$

50.8

$

49.8 

Total Assets

$

346.5

$

219.6 

Deposits
5

$

309.7

$

189.3 

1.
Amounts exclude transactions between the bank subsidiaries, as well as deposits from the Parent Company and affiliates.

2.
Other loans primarily include tailored lending.

3.
Prior periods have been conformed to the current presentation.

4.
For a further discussion of corporate loans in the Institutional Securities business segment, see “Credit Risk—Institutional Securities Corporate Loans” herein.

5.
For further information on deposits, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Funding Management—Unsecured Financing” herein.

Other Matters

Deferred Cash-Based Compensation

The Firm sponsors a number of employee deferred cash-based compensation programs, which generally contain vesting, clawback and cancellation provisions. For the 2020 performance year, deferred cash-based compensation was awarded to a reduced group of eligible employees compared with the prior year. Additionally in 2020, certain changes to our compensation deferral formula resulted in less cash-based compensation being deferred.

Employees are permitted to allocate the value of their deferred awards among a menu of notional investments, whereby the value of their awards will track the performance of the referenced notional investments. The menu of investments, which is selected by the Firm, includes fixed income, equity, commodity and money market funds.

Compensation expense for deferred cash-based compensation awards is calculated based on the notional value of the award granted, adjusted for changes in the fair value of the referenced investments that employees select. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period relevant to each separately vesting portion of deferred awards.

The Firm invests directly, as a principal, in financial instruments and other investments to economically hedge certain of its obligations under these deferred cash-based compensation plans. Changes in the value of such investments 

December 2020 Form 10-K

42

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

are recorded in Trading and Investments revenues. Although changes in compensation expense resulting from changes in the fair value of the referenced investments will generally be offset by changes in the fair value of investments made by the Firm, there is typically a timing difference between the immediate recognition of gains and losses on the Firm’s investments and the deferred recognition of the related compensation expense over the vesting period. While this timing difference is generally not material to Income from continuing operations before income taxes in any individual period, it may impact Firm reported ratios (
e.g.,
 the Expense efficiency ratio) in certain periods. At December 31, 2020, substantially all employee notional investments that subjected the Firm to price risk were hedged.

Amounts Recognized in Compensation Expense

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Deferred cash-based awards

$

1,263

$

1,233 

$

1,174 

Return on referenced investments

856

645 

(48)

Total recognized in compensation expense

$

2,119

$

1,878 

$

1,126 

Amounts Recognized in Compensation Expense by Segment

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Institutional Securities

$

851

$

916 

$

611 

Wealth Management

1,000

760 

346 

Investment Management 

268

202 

169 

Total recognized in compensation expense

$

2,119

$

1,878 

$

1,126 

Projected Future Compensation Obligation
1

$ in millions

Award liabilities at December 31, 2020
2, 3

$

6,247

Fully vested amounts to be distributed by the end of February 2021
4

(1,298)

Unrecognized portion of prior awards at December 31, 2020
3

1,311

2020 performance year awards granted in 2021
3

290

Total
5

$

6,550

1.
Amounts relate to performance years 2020 and prior.

2.
Balance is reflected in Other liabilities and accrued expenses in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2020.

3.
Amounts do not include assumptions regarding cancellations, accelerations or assumptions about future market conditions with respect to referenced investments.

4.
Distributions after February of each year are generally immaterial.

5.
Of the total projected future compensation obligation, approximately 30% relates to Institutional Securities, approximately 60% relates to Wealth Management and approximately 10% relates to Investment Management.

The previous table presents a rollforward of the Firm’s estimated projected future compensation obligation for existing deferred cash-based compensation awards, exclusive of any assumptions about future market conditions with respect to referenced investments.

Projected Future Compensation Expense
1

$ in millions

Estimated to be recognized in:

2021

$

680

2022

312

Thereafter

609

Total
2

$

1,601

1.
Amounts relate to performance years 2020 and prior.

2.
Amounts do not include assumptions regarding cancellations, accelerations or assumptions about future market conditions with respect to referenced investments.

The previous table sets forth an estimate of compensation expense associated with the Projected Future Compensation Obligation. Our projected future compensation obligation and expense for deferred cash-based compensation for performance years 2020 and prior are forward-looking statements subject to uncertainty. Actual results may be materially affected by various factors, including, among other things: the performance of each participant’s referenced investments; changes in market conditions; participants’ allocation of their deferred awards; and participant cancellations or accelerations. See “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” for additional information.

For further information on the Firm’s deferred stock-based plans and carried interest compensation, which are excluded from the previous tables, see Notes 2 and 20 to the financial statements.

Accounting Development Updates

The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued certain accounting updates, which we have either determined are not applicable or are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements.

Critical Accounting Policies

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions (see Note 1 to the financial statements). We believe that of our significant accounting policies (see Note 2 to the financial statements), the following policies involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity.

Fair Value

Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value

A significant number of our financial instruments are carried at fair value. We make estimates regarding the valuation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value in preparing the financial statements. These assets and liabilities include, but are not limited to:

•
Trading assets and Trading liabilities;

•
Investment Securities—AFS;

•
Certain Securities purchased under agreements to resell;

•
Certain Deposits, primarily certificates of deposit;

•
Certain Securities sold under agreements to repurchase;

43

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

•
Certain Other secured financings; and

•
Certain Borrowings.

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (
i.e.
, the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

In determining fair value, we use various valuation approaches. A hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable prices and inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable prices and inputs by requiring that the relevant observable inputs be used when available. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels, wherein Level 1 represents quoted prices in active markets, Level 2 represents valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, and Level 3 consists of valuation techniques that incorporate significant unobservable inputs and, therefore, require the greatest use of judgment. 

In periods of market disruption, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many instruments, which could cause an instrument to be recategorized from Level 1 to Level 2 or from Level 2 to Level 3. In addition, a downturn in market conditions could lead to declines in the valuation of many instruments. For further information on the definition of fair value, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3 and related valuation techniques, and quantitative information about and sensitivity of significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements, see Notes 2 and 5 to the financial statements.

Where appropriate, valuation adjustments are made to account for various factors such as liquidity risk (bid-ask adjustments), credit quality, model uncertainty, concentration risk and funding in order to arrive at fair value. For a further discussion of valuation adjustments that we apply, see Note 2 to the financial statements.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

Goodwill

We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of July 1 and on an interim basis when certain events or circumstances exist. Evaluating goodwill for impairment requires management to make significant judgments. Goodwill impairment tests are performed at the reporting unit level, which is generally at the level of or one level below our business segments. Goodwill no longer retains its association with a particular acquisition once it has been assigned to a reporting unit. As such, all the activities of a reporting unit, whether acquired or organically developed, are available to support the value of the goodwill.

For both the annual and interim tests, we have the option to either (i) perform a quantitative impairment test or (ii) first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is 

less than its carrying amount, in which case the quantitative test would be performed.

When performing a quantitative impairment test, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the goodwill impairment loss is equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value, limited by the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

The estimated fair value of the reporting units is derived based on valuation techniques we believe market participants would use for each of the reporting units. The estimated fair value is generally determined by utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology or methodologies that incorporate price-to-book and price-to-earnings multiples of certain comparable companies. At each annual goodwill impairment testing date, each of our reporting units with goodwill had a fair value that was substantially in excess of its carrying value.

Intangible Assets

Amortizable intangible assets are initially recorded at cost, or in the situation where acquired as part of a business combination, at the fair value determined as part of the acquisition method of accounting. Subsequently, they are carried in the balance sheets at amortized cost, where amortization is recognized over their estimated useful lives.

When certain events or circumstances exist, amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on an interim basis. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. An impairment loss will be recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows.

The initial valuation of an intangible asset as part of the acquisition method of accounting and the subsequent valuation of intangible assets as part of impairment assessments are subjective and based, in part, on inputs that are unobservable. These inputs include, but are not limited to, forecasted cash flows, revenue growth rates, customer attrition rates and discount rates.

For both goodwill and intangible assets, to the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. For amortizable intangible assets, the new cost basis is amortized over the remaining useful life of that asset. Adverse market or economic events could result in impairment charges in future periods.

See Notes 2, 3 and 11 to the financial statements for additional information about goodwill and intangible assets.

December 2020 Form 10-K

44

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Legal and Regulatory Contingencies

In the normal course of business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with our activities as a global diversified financial services institution.

Certain of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. In some cases, the entities that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or are in financial distress.

We are also involved, from time to time, in other reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business and involving, among other matters, sales and trading activities, wealth and investment management services, financial products or offerings sponsored, underwritten or sold by us, and accounting and operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief.

Accruals for litigation and regulatory proceedings are generally determined on a case-by-case basis. Where available information indicates that it is probable a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and we can reasonably estimate the amount of that loss, we accrue the estimated loss by a charge to income. 

In many proceedings and investigations, however, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible or to estimate the amount of any loss. In addition, even where a loss is possible or an exposure to loss exists in excess of the liability already accrued with respect to a previously recognized loss contingency, it is not always possible to reasonably estimate the size of the possible loss or range of loss, particularly for proceedings and investigations where the factual record is being developed or contested or where plaintiffs or government entities seek substantial or indeterminate damages, restitution, disgorgement or penalties. Numerous issues may need to be resolved before a loss or additional loss or range of loss or additional range of loss can be reasonably estimated for a proceeding or investigation, including through potentially lengthy discovery and determination of important factual matters, determination of issues related to class certification and the calculation of damages or other relief, and addressing novel or unsettled legal questions relevant to the proceedings or investigations in question.

Significant judgment is required in deciding when and if to make these accruals, and the actual cost of a legal claim or regulatory fine/penalty may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals.

See Note 15 to the financial statements for additional information on legal contingencies.

Income Taxes

We are subject to the income and indirect tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we have significant business operations. These tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. We must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and the expense for indirect taxes and must also make estimates about when certain items affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions.

Disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit. We periodically evaluate the likelihood of assessments in each taxing jurisdiction resulting from current and subsequent years’ examinations, and unrecognized tax benefits related to potential losses that may arise from tax audits are established in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance. Once established, unrecognized tax benefits are adjusted when there is more information available or when an event occurs requiring a change.

Our provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. Current income taxes approximate taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the applicable enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse.

Our deferred tax balances may also include deferred assets related to tax attribute carryforwards, such as net operating losses and tax credits that will be realized through reduction of future tax liabilities and, in some cases, are subject to expiration if not utilized within certain periods. We perform regular reviews to ascertain whether deferred tax assets are realizable. These reviews include management’s estimates and assumptions regarding future taxable income and incorporate various tax planning strategies, including strategies that may be available to tax attribute carryforwards before they expire.

Once the deferred tax asset balances have been determined, we may record a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset balances to reflect the amount we estimate is more likely than not to be realized at a future date. Both current and deferred income taxes may reflect adjustments related to our unrecognized tax benefits.

Significant judgment is required in estimating the consolidated provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including valuation allowance, if any), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. Revisions in estimates and/or the actual costs of 

45

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any.

See Note 2 to the financial statements for additional information on our significant assumptions, judgments and interpretations associated with the accounting for income taxes and Note 22 to the financial statements for additional information on our tax examinations.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Senior management, with oversight by the Asset/Liability Management Committee and the Board of Directors (“Board”), establishes and maintains our liquidity and capital policies. Through various risk and control committees, senior management reviews business performance relative to these policies, monitors the availability of alternative sources of financing, and oversees the liquidity, interest rate and currency sensitivity of our asset and liability position. Our Treasury department, Firm Risk Committee, Asset/Liability Management Committee, and other committees and control groups assist in evaluating, monitoring and controlling the impact that our business activities have on our balance sheet, liquidity and capital structure. Liquidity and capital matters are reported regularly to the Board and the Risk Committee of the Board. 

Balance Sheet

We monitor and evaluate the composition and size of our balance sheet on a regular basis. Our balance sheet management process includes quarterly planning, business-specific thresholds, monitoring of business-specific usage versus key performance metrics and new business impact assessments.

We establish balance sheet thresholds at the consolidated and business segment levels. We monitor balance sheet utilization and review variances resulting from business activity and market fluctuations. On a regular basis, we review current performance versus established thresholds and assess the need to re-allocate our balance sheet based on business unit needs. We also monitor key metrics, including asset and liability size and capital usage.

Total Assets by Business Segment

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

Total

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

74,281

$

31,275

$

98

$

105,654

Trading assets at fair value

308,413

280

4,045

312,738

Investment securities

41,630

140,524

—

182,154

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

84,998

31,236

—

116,234

Securities borrowed

110,480

1,911

—

112,391

Customer and other receivables

67,085

29,781

871

97,737

Loans
1

52,449

98,130

18

150,597

Other assets
2

13,986

22,458

1,913

38,357

Total assets

$

753,322

$

355,595

$

6,945

$

1,115,862

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

Total

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

67,657 

$

14,247 

$

267 

$

82,171 

Trading assets at fair value

293,477 

47 

3,586 

297,110 

Investment securities

38,524 

67,201 

— 

105,725 

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

80,744 

7,480 

— 

88,224 

Securities borrowed

106,199 

350 

— 

106,549 

Customer and other receivables

39,743 

15,190 

713 

55,646 

Loans
1

50,557 

80,075 

5 

130,637 

Other assets
2

14,300 

13,092 

1,975 

29,367 

Total assets

$

691,201 

$

197,682 

$

6,546 

$

895,429 

IS—Institutional Securities

WM—Wealth Management

IM—Investment Management

1.
Amounts include loans held for investment, net of allowance, and loans held for sale but exclude loans at fair value, which are included in Trading assets in the balance sheets (see Note 10 to the financial statements).

2.
Other assets primarily includes Goodwill and Intangible assets, premises, equipment and software, ROU assets related to leases, other investments, and deferred tax assets.

A substantial portion of total assets consists of liquid marketable securities and short-term receivables. In the Institutional Securities business segment, these arise from sales and trading activities, and in the Wealth Management business segment, these arise from banking activities, including management of the investment portfolio, comprising Investment securities, Cash and cash equivalents and Securities purchased under agreements to resell. Total assets increased to $1,116 billion at December 31, 2020 compared with $895 billion at December 31, 2019.

Wealth Management’s assets increased primarily from the acquisition of E*TRADE, as well as growth in Loans and increases in the investment portfolio as a result of significantly higher deposits.

Institutional Securities’ assets were also higher, reflecting increases within Customer and other receivables, principally within Equity financing, and Trading assets, primarily U.S. Treasury and agency securities.

Liquidity Risk Management Framework

The primary goal of our Liquidity Risk Management Framework is to ensure that we have access to adequate funding across a wide range of market conditions and time horizons. The framework is designed to enable us to fulfill our financial obligations and support the execution of our business strategies.

The following principles guide our Liquidity Risk Management Framework:

•
Sufficient Liquidity Resources should be maintained to cover maturing liabilities and other planned and contingent outflows;

•
Maturity profile of assets and liabilities should be aligned, with limited reliance on short-term funding;

•
Source, counterparty, currency, region and term of funding should be diversified; and

December 2020 Form 10-K

46

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

•
Liquidity Stress Tests should anticipate, and account for, periods of limited access to funding.

The core components of our Liquidity Risk Management Framework are the Required Liquidity Framework, Liquidity Stress Tests and Liquidity Resources, which support our target liquidity profile.

Required Liquidity Framework

Our Required Liquidity Framework establishes the amount of liquidity we must hold in both normal and stressed environments to ensure that our financial condition and overall soundness are not adversely affected by an inability (or perceived inability) to meet our financial obligations in a timely manner. The Required Liquidity Framework considers the most constraining liquidity requirement to satisfy all regulatory and internal limits at a consolidated and legal entity level.

Liquidity Stress Tests

We use Liquidity Stress Tests to model external and intercompany liquidity flows across multiple scenarios and a range of time horizons. These scenarios contain various combinations of idiosyncratic and systemic stress events of different severity and duration. The methodology, implementation, production and analysis of our Liquidity Stress Tests are important components of the Required Liquidity Framework.

The assumptions used by us in our various Liquidity Stress Test scenarios include, but are not limited to, the following:

•
No government support;

•
No access to equity and unsecured debt markets;

•
Repayment of all unsecured debt maturing within the stress horizon;

•
Higher haircuts for and significantly lower availability of secured funding;

•
Additional collateral that would be required by trading counterparties, certain exchanges and clearing organizations related to credit rating downgrades;

•
Additional collateral that would be required due to collateral substitutions, collateral disputes and uncalled collateral;

•
Discretionary unsecured debt buybacks;

•
Drawdowns on lending commitments provided to third parties; and

•
Client cash withdrawals and reduction in customer short positions that fund long positions.

Liquidity Stress Tests are produced and results are reported at different levels, including major operating subsidiaries and major currencies, to capture specific cash requirements and cash availability across the Firm, including a limited number of asset sales in a stressed environment. The Liquidity Stress Tests assume that subsidiaries will use their own liquidity first to fund their obligations before drawing liquidity from the Parent Company and that the Parent Company will support its 

subsidiaries and will not have access to subsidiaries’ liquidity reserves. In addition to the assumptions underpinning the Liquidity Stress Tests, we take into consideration settlement risk related to intraday settlement and clearing of securities and financing activities.

At December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, we maintained sufficient Liquidity Resources to meet current and contingent funding obligations as modeled in our Liquidity Stress Tests.

Liquidity Resources

We maintain sufficient liquidity resources, which consist of HQLA and cash deposits with banks (“Liquidity Resources”) to cover daily funding needs and to meet strategic liquidity targets sized by the Required Liquidity Framework and Liquidity Stress Tests. The total amount of Liquidity Resources is actively managed by us considering the following components: unsecured debt maturity profile; balance sheet size and composition; funding needs in a stressed environment, inclusive of contingent cash outflows; legal entity, regional and segment liquidity requirements; regulatory requirements; and collateral requirements.

The amount of Liquidity Resources we hold is based on our risk tolerance and is subject to change depending on market and Firm-specific events. The Liquidity Resources are primarily held within the Parent Company and its major operating subsidiaries. The Total HQLA values in the tables immediately following are different from Eligible HQLA, which, in accordance with the LCR rule, also takes into account certain regulatory weightings and other operational considerations. 

Liquidity Resources by Type of Investment
1

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Cash deposits with central banks

$

49,669

$

35,025 

Unencumbered HQLA securities
2
:

U.S. government obligations

136,555

88,754 

U.S. agency and agency mortgage-backed securities

99,659

50,732 

Non-U.S. sovereign obligations
3

39,745

29,909 

Other investment grade securities

2,053

1,591 

Total HQLA
2

$

327,681

$

206,011 

Cash deposits with banks (non-HQLA)

10,942

9,857 

Total Liquidity Resources

$

338,623

$

215,868 

1.
In the first quarter of 2020, we changed our internal measure of liquidity from the Global Liquidity Reserve to Liquidity Resources, which is more closely aligned with the regulatory definition of HQLA. Prior periods have been recast to conform to the current presentation.

2.
HQLA is presented prior to applying weightings and includes all HQLA held in subsidiaries.

3.
Primarily composed of unencumbered U.K., Japanese, French, German and Dutch government obligations.

47

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Liquidity Resources by Bank and Non-Bank Legal Entities
1

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Average Daily BalanceThree Months Ended

$ in millions

December 31, 2020

Bank legal entities

Domestic

$

178,033

$

75,894 

$

166,516

Foreign

7,670

4,049 

7,423

Total Bank legal entities

185,703

79,943 

173,939

Non-Bank legal entities

Domestic:

Parent Company

59,468

53,128 

59,803

Non-Parent Company

33,368

28,905 

34,712

Total Domestic

92,836

82,033 

94,515

Foreign

60,084

53,892 

57,364

Total Non-Bank legal entities

152,920

135,925 

151,879

Total Liquidity Resources

$

338,623

$

215,868 

$

325,818

1. In the first quarter of 2020, we changed our internal measure of liquidity from the Global Liquidity Reserve to Liquidity Resources, which is more closely aligned with the regulatory definition of HQLA. Prior periods have been recast to conform to the current presentation.

Liquidity Resources may fluctuate from period to period based on the overall size and composition of our balance sheet, the maturity profile of our unsecured debt and estimates of funding needs in a stressed environment, among other factors. Liquidity Resources increased in 2020 primarily due to an increase in deposits, including incremental deposits as a result of the E*TRADE acquisition.

Regulatory Liquidity Framework

Liquidity Coverage Ratio

The Firm, MSBNA and MSPBNA are required to comply with, and subject to a transition period, ETB will be required to comply with, LCR requirements, including a requirement to calculate each entity’s LCR on each business day. The requirements are designed to ensure that banking organizations have sufficient Eligible HQLA to cover net cash outflows arising from significant stress over 30 calendar days, thus promoting the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of banking organizations. In determining Eligible HQLA for LCR purposes, weightings (or asset haircuts) are applied to HQLA, and certain HQLA held in subsidiaries is excluded.

As of December 31, 2020, the Firm, MSBNA and MSPBNA are compliant with the minimum required LCR of 100%.

Liquidity Coverage Ratio

Average Daily BalanceThree Months Ended

$ in millions

December 31, 2020

September 30, 2020

Eligible HQLA
1

Cash deposits with central banks

$

43,596

$

36,481 

Securities
2

162,509

170,817 

Total Eligible HQLA
1

$

206,105

$

207,298 

LCR

129

%

136 

%

1.
Under the LCR rule, Eligible HQLA is calculated using weightings and excluding certain HQLA held in subsidiaries.

2.
Primarily includes U.S. Treasuries, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, sovereign bonds and investment grade corporate bonds. 

Net Stable Funding Ratio

The U.S. banking agencies have finalized a rule to implement the NSFR, which requires large banking organizations to maintain sufficiently stable sources of funding over a one-year time horizon, and will apply to us, MSBNA, MSPBNA and ETB. These requirements become effective on July 1, 2021 and we will be in compliance with the final rule by the effective date. 

Funding Management

We manage our funding in a manner that reduces the risk of disruption to our operations. We pursue a strategy of diversification of secured and unsecured funding sources (by product, investor and region) and attempt to ensure that the tenor of our liabilities equals or exceeds the expected holding period of the assets being financed.

We fund our balance sheet on a global basis through diverse sources. These sources include our equity capital, borrowings, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities lending, deposits, letters of credit and lines of credit. We have active financing programs for both standard and structured products targeting global investors and currencies.

Secured Financing

The liquid nature of the marketable securities and short-term receivables arising principally from sales and trading activities in the Institutional Securities business segment provides us with flexibility in managing the composition and size of our balance sheet. Our goal is to achieve an optimal mix of durable secured and unsecured financing. Secured financing investors principally focus on the quality of the eligible collateral posted. Accordingly, we actively manage our secured financings based on the quality of the assets being funded.

We have established longer tenor secured funding requirements for less liquid asset classes, for which funding may be at risk in the event of a market disruption. We define highly liquid assets as government-issued or government-guaranteed securities with a high degree of fundability and less liquid assets as those that do not meet these criteria. 

December 2020 Form 10-K

48

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

To further minimize the refinancing risk of secured financing for less liquid assets, we have established concentration limits to diversify our investor base and reduce the amount of monthly maturities for secured financing of less liquid assets. Furthermore, we obtain term secured funding liabilities in excess of less liquid inventory as an additional risk mitigant to replace maturing trades in the event that secured financing markets, or our ability to access them, become limited. As a component of the Liquidity Risk Management Framework, we hold a portion of our Liquidity Resources against the potential disruption to our secured financing capabilities.

We generally maintain a pool of liquid and easily fundable securities, which takes into account HQLA classifications consistent with LCR definitions, and other regulatory requirements, and provides a valuable future source of liquidity.

Collateralized Financing Transactions

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed

$

228,625

$

194,773 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities loaned

$

58,318

$

62,706 

Securities received as collateral
1

$

4,277

$

13,022 

Average Daily BalanceThree Months Ended

$ in millions

December 31, 2020

December 31, 2019

Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed

$

195,376

$

210,257 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities loaned

$

54,528

$

64,870 

1.
Included within Trading assets in the balance sheets.

See “Total Assets by Business Segment” herein for more details on the assets shown in the previous table and Notes 2 and 9 to the financial statements for more details on collateralized financing transactions.

In addition to the collateralized financing transactions shown in the previous table, we engage in financing transactions collateralized by customer-owned securities, which are segregated in accordance with regulatory requirements. Receivables under these financing transactions, primarily margin loans, are included in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheets, and payables under these financing transactions, primarily to prime brokerage customers, are included in Customer and other payables in the balance sheets. Our risk exposure on these transactions is mitigated by collateral maintenance policies and the elements of our Liquidity Risk Management Framework. 

Unsecured Financing

We view deposits and borrowings as stable sources of funding for unencumbered securities and non-security assets. Our unsecured financings include borrowings and certificates of deposit carried at fair value, which are primarily composed of: 

instruments whose payments and redemption values are linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures; and instruments with various interest-rate-related features, including step-ups, step-downs and zero coupons. As part of our asset/liability management strategy, when appropriate, we use derivatives to make adjustments to the interest rate risk profile of our borrowings (see Notes 7 and 14 to the financial statements).

Deposits

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Savings and demand deposits:

Brokerage sweep deposits
1

$

232,071

$

121,077 

Savings and other

47,150

28,388 

Total Savings and demand deposits

279,221

149,465 

Time deposits

31,561

40,891 

Total
2

$

310,782

$

190,356 

1.
Amounts represent balances swept from client brokerage accounts.

2.
Excludes approximately $25 billion of off-balance sheet deposits at unaffiliated financial institutions as of December 31, 2020. Client cash held by third parties is not reflected in our balance sheets and is not immediately available for liquidity purposes.

Deposits are primarily sourced from our Wealth Management clients and are considered to have stable, low-cost funding characteristics. Total deposits increased in 2020, primarily driven by increases in brokerage sweep and savings deposits, including incremental deposits as a result of the acquisition of E*TRADE.

Borrowings by Remaining Maturity at December 31, 2020
1

$ in millions

ParentCompany

Subsidiaries

Total

Original maturities of one year or less

$

1

$

3,690

$

3,691

Original maturities greater than one year

2021

$

17,670

$

6,571

$

24,241

2022

16,612

5,597

22,209

2023

17,152

5,738

22,890

2024

16,109

5,618

21,727

2025

11,336

7,300

18,636

Thereafter

80,943

22,742

103,685

Total

$

159,822

$

53,566

$

213,388

Total Borrowings

$

159,823

$

57,256

$

217,079

1.
Original maturity in the table is generally based on contractual final maturity. For borrowings with put options, remaining maturity represents the earliest put date.

Borrowings of $217 billion as of December 31, 2020 increased compared with $193 billion at December 31, 2019, primarily as a result of issuances net of maturities and redemptions, as well as fair value adjustments.

We believe that accessing debt investors through multiple distribution channels helps provide consistent access to the unsecured markets. In addition, the issuance of borrowings with original maturities greater than one year allows us to reduce reliance on short-term credit sensitive instruments. Borrowings with original maturities greater than one year are generally managed to achieve staggered maturities, thereby 

49

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

mitigating refinancing risk, and to maximize investor diversification through sales to global institutional and retail clients across regions, currencies and product types. 

The availability and cost of financing to us can vary depending on market conditions, the volume of certain trading and lending activities, our credit ratings and the overall availability of credit. We also engage in, and may continue to engage in, repurchases of our borrowings in the ordinary course of business.

For further information on Borrowings, see Note 14 to the financial statements.

Credit Ratings

We rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of our daily operations. The cost and availability of financing generally are impacted by our credit ratings, among other things. In addition, our credit ratings can have an impact on certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer-term counterparty performance is a key consideration, such as certain OTC derivative transactions. When determining credit ratings, rating agencies consider both company-specific and industry-wide factors. These include regulatory or legislative changes, the macroeconomic environment and perceived levels of support, among other things. See also “Risk Factors— Liquidity Risk.”

Parent Company, MSBNA and MSPBNA Issuer Ratings at February 19, 2021

Parent Company

Short-TermDebt

Long-TermDebt

RatingOutlook

DBRS, Inc.

R-1 (middle)

A (high)

Stable

Fitch Ratings, Inc.

F1

A

Stable

Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.

P-1

A1

Stable

Rating and Investment Information, Inc.

a-1

A

Stable

S&P Global Ratings

A-2

BBB+

Stable

MSBNA

Short-TermDebt

Long-TermDebt

RatingOutlook

Fitch Ratings, Inc.

F1

A+

Stable

Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.

P-1

Aa3

Stable

S&P Global Ratings

A-1

A+

Stable

MSPBNA

Short-TermDebt

Long-TermDebt

RatingOutlook

Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.

P-1

Aa3

Stable

S&P Global Ratings

A-1

A+

Stable

On October 2, 2020, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) upgraded the issuer ratings of the Parent Company from A3 to A2, and MSBNA and MSPBNA from A1 to Aa3. On January 27, 2021, Moody's upgraded the issuer ratings of the Parent Company from A2 to A1.

On November 20, 2020, Fitch Ratings, Inc. revised the Parent Company and MSBNA outlooks from Negative to Stable.

Incremental Collateral or Terminating Payments

In connection with certain OTC derivatives and certain other agreements where we are a liquidity provider to certain financing vehicles associated with the Institutional Securities business segment, we may be required to provide additional collateral, immediately settle any outstanding liability balances with certain counterparties or pledge additional collateral to certain clearing organizations in the event of a future credit rating downgrade irrespective of whether we are in a net asset or net liability position. See Note 7 to the financial statements for additional information on OTC derivatives that contain such contingent features.

While certain aspects of a credit rating downgrade are quantifiable pursuant to contractual provisions, the impact it would have on our business and results of operations in future periods is inherently uncertain and would depend on a number of interrelated factors, including, among other things, the magnitude of the downgrade, the rating relative to peers, the rating assigned by the relevant agency pre-downgrade, individual client behavior and future mitigating actions we might take. The liquidity impact of additional collateral requirements is included in our Liquidity Stress Tests. 

Capital Management

We view capital as an important source of financial strength and actively manage our consolidated capital position based upon, among other things, business opportunities, risks, capital availability and rates of return together with internal capital policies, regulatory requirements and rating agency guidelines. In the future, we may expand or contract our capital base to address the changing needs of our businesses.

Common Stock Repurchases

in millions, except for per share data

2020

2019

2018

Number of shares

29

121 

97 

Average price per share

$

46.01

$

44.23 

$

50.08 

Total

$

1,347

$

5,360 

$

4,860 

For additional information on our common stock repurchases, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Action Supervisory Restrictions” herein. 

For further information on our common stock repurchases, see Note 18 to the financial statements.

For a description of our capital plan, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer” herein.

Common Stock Dividend Announcement

Announcement date

January 20, 2021

Amount per share

$0.35

Date paid

February 12, 2021

Shareholders of record as of

January 29, 2021

December 2020 Form 10-K

50

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

For additional information on our common stock dividends, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Action Supervisory Restrictions” herein.

Preferred Stock Dividend Announcement

Announcement date

December 15, 2020

Date paid

January 15, 2021

Shareholders of record as of

December 31, 2020

For additional information on common and preferred stock, see Note 18 to the financial statements.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements, including through unconsolidated SPEs and lending-related financial instruments (
e.g.
, guarantees and commitments), primarily in connection with the Institutional Securities and Investment Management business segments.

We utilize SPEs primarily in connection with securitization activities. For information on our securitization activities, see Note 16 to the financial statements.

For information on our commitments, obligations under certain guarantee arrangements and indemnities, see Note 15 to the financial statements. For further information on our lending commitments, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk—Loans and Lending Commitments” herein.

Contractual Obligations

At December 31, 2020

Payments Due in:

$ in millions

2021

2022-2023

2024-2025

Thereafter

Total

Borrowings
1

$

24,241

$

45,099

$

40,363

$

103,685

$

213,388

Other secured financings
1

1,655

1,684

134

408

3,881

Contractual interest payments
2

3,952

6,714

5,254

15,886

31,806

Time deposits—principal and interest payments

18,681

9,075

3,496

513

31,765

Operating leases— premises
3

841

1,533

1,171

2,685

6,230

Purchase obligations
4

1,297

1,037

319

175

2,828

Total
5

$

50,667

$

65,142

$

50,737

$

123,352

$

289,898

1.
Amounts presented for Borrowings and Other secured financings are financings with original maturities greater than one year. For further information on Borrowings and Other secured financings, see Note 14 to the financial statements.

2.
Amounts represent estimated future contractual interest payments related to certain unsecured borrowings with original maturities greater than one year based on applicable interest rates at December 31, 2020. For additional information on borrowings carried at fair value, see Note 14 to the financial statements.

3.
For further information on operating leases covering premises and equipment, see Note 12 to the financial statements.

4.
Purchase obligations for goods and services include payments for, among other things, consulting, outsourcing, computer and telecommunications maintenance agreements, and certain transmission, transportation and storage contracts related to the commodities business.

5.
Amounts exclude unrecognized tax benefits, as the timing and amount of future cash payments are not determinable at this time (see Note 22 to the financial statements for further information).

Regulatory Requirements

Regulatory Capital Framework

We are an FHC under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (“BHC Act”), and are subject to the regulation and oversight of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements for us, including “well-capitalized” standards, and evaluates our compliance with such capital requirements. Regulatory capital requirements established by the Federal Reserve are largely based on the Basel III capital standards established by the Basel Committee and also implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank Act”). The OCC establishes similar capital requirements and standards for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. For us to remain an FHC, we must remain well-capitalized in accordance with standards established by the Federal Reserve, and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries must remain well-capitalized in accordance with standards established by the OCC. For additional information on regulatory capital requirements for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, see Note 17 to the financial statements.

Regulatory Capital Requirements

We are required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage-based capital and TLAC ratios. For additional information on TLAC, see “Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements” herein.

51

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Risk-Based Regulatory Capital
. Minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements apply to Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital (which includes Tier 2 capital). Capital standards require certain adjustments to, and deductions from, capital for purposes of determining these ratios. 

Risk-Based Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019

Standardized

Advanced

Standardized and Advanced

Capital buffers

Capital conservation buffer

—

2.5

%

2.5 

%

Stress capital buffer (“SCB”)
1

5.7

%

N/A

N/A

G-SIB capital surcharge
2

3.0

%

3.0

%

3.0 

%

CCyB
3

0%

0%

0%

Capital buffer requirement
4

8.7

%

5.5

%

5.5 

%

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019

Regulatory Minimum

Standardized

Advanced

Standardized and Advanced

Required ratios
5

Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio

4.5

%

13.2

%

10.0

%

10.0 

%

Tier 1 capital ratio

6.0

%

14.7

%

11.5

%

11.5 

%

Total capital ratio

8.0

%

16.7

%

13.5

%

13.5 

%

1.
For additional information on the SCB, see “Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer” herein.

2.
For a further discussion of the G-SIB capital surcharge, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—G-SIB Capital Surcharge” herein.

3.
The CCyB can be set up to 2.5% but is currently set by the U.S. banking agencies at zero.

4.
The capital buffer requirement represents the amount of Common Equity Tier 1 capital we must maintain above the minimum risk-based capital requirements in order to avoid restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers. Beginning October 1, 2020, our Standardized Approach capital buffer requirement is equal to the sum of our SCB, G-SIB capital surcharge and CCyB, and our Advanced Approach capital buffer requirement is equal to our 2.5% capital conservation buffer, G-SIB capital surcharge and CCyB.

5.
Required ratios under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches represent the regulatory minimum plus the capital buffer requirement.

Risk-Weighted Assets.
 RWA reflects both our on- and off-balance sheet risk, as well as capital charges attributable to the risk of loss arising from the following:

•
Credit risk: The failure of a borrower, counterparty or issuer to meet its financial obligations to us;

•
Market risk: Adverse changes in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity; and

•
Operational risk: Inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human factors or from external events (
e.g.
, fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets).

Our risk-based capital ratios are computed under both (i) the standardized approaches for calculating credit risk and market risk RWA (“Standardized Approach”) and (ii) the applicable advanced approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk and operational risk RWA (“Advanced Approach”). The credit risk RWA calculations between the two approaches differ in that the Standardized Approach requires calculation of RWA using prescribed risk weights, whereas the Advanced Approach utilizes models to calculate exposure amounts and risk weights. 

Leverage-Based Regulatory Capital. 
 Minimum leverage-based capital requirements include a Tier 1 leverage ratio and an SLR. We are required to maintain an SLR of 5%, inclusive of an enhanced SLR capital buffer of at least 2%.

As of December 31, 2020, our risk-based and leverage-based capital amounts and ratios, as well as RWA, adjusted average assets and supplementary leverage exposure are calculated excluding the effect of the adoption of CECL based on our election to defer this effect over a five-year transition period. For further information, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources —Regulatory Requirements—Regulatory Developments” herein.

Regulatory Capital Ratios

Standardized

Advanced

Required

Ratio
1

AtDecember 31,
2020

Required

Ratio
1

AtDecember 31,
2020

$ in millions

Risk-based capital

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

$

78,650

$

78,650

Tier 1 capital

88,079

88,079

Total capital

97,213

96,994

Total RWA

453,106

445,151

Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio

13.2

%

17.4

%

10.0

%

17.7

%

Tier 1 capital ratio

14.7

%

19.4

%

11.5

%

19.8

%

Total capital ratio

16.7

%

21.5

%

13.5

%

21.8

%

$ in millions

RequiredRatio

1

AtDecember 31,
2020

Leverage-based capital

Adjusted average assets
2

$

1,053,310

Tier 1 leverage ratio

4.0

%

8.4

%

Supplementary leverage exposure
3, 4

$

1,192,506

SLR
4

5.0

%

7.4

%

December 2020 Form 10-K

52

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

At December 31, 2019

Required

Ratio
1

$ in millions

Standardized

Advanced

Risk-based capital

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

$

64,751 

$

64,751 

Tier 1 capital

73,443 

73,443 

Total capital

82,708 

82,423 

Total RWA

394,177 

382,496 

Common Equity Tier 1 capital 

ratio

10.0 

%

16.4 

%

16.9 

%

Tier 1 capital ratio

11.5 

%

18.6 

%

19.2 

%

Total capital ratio

13.5 

%

21.0 

%

21.5 

%

$ in millions

Required

Ratio
1

AtDecember 31,
2019

Leverage-based capital

Adjusted average assets
2

$

889,195 

Tier 1 leverage ratio

4.0 

%

8.3 

%

Supplementary leverage exposure
3

$

1,155,177 

SLR

5.0 

%

6.4 

%

1.
Required ratios are inclusive of any buffers applicable as of the date presented. Failure to maintain the buffers would result in restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers. 

2.
Adjusted average assets represents the denominator of the Tier 1 leverage ratio and is composed of the average daily balance of consolidated on-balance sheet assets for the quarters ending on the respective balance sheet dates, reduced by disallowed goodwill, intangible assets, investments in covered funds, defined benefit pension plan assets, after-tax gain on sale from assets sold into securitizations, investments in our own capital instruments, certain deferred tax assets and other capital deductions. 

3.
Supplementary leverage exposure is the sum of Adjusted average assets used in the Tier 1 leverage ratio and other adjustments, primarily: (i) for derivatives, potential future exposure and the effective notional principal amount of sold credit protection offset by qualifying purchased credit protection; (ii) the counterparty credit risk for repo-style transactions; and (iii) the credit equivalent amount for off-balance sheet exposures. 

4.
Based on a Federal Reserve interim final rule in effect until March 31, 2021, our SLR and Supplementary leverage exposure as of December 31, 2020 reflect the exclusion of U.S. Treasury securities and deposits at Federal Reserve Banks. As of December 31, 2020, the impact of the interim final rule on our SLR was an increase of 80 bps. For further information, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Regulatory Developments” herein.

Regulatory Capital

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019

Change

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

Common stock and surplus

$

15,799

$

5,228 

$

10,571

Retained earnings

78,978

70,589 

8,389

AOCI

(1,962)

(2,788)

826

Regulatory adjustments and deductions:

Net goodwill

(11,527)

(7,081)

(4,446)

Net intangible assets

(4,165)

(2,012)

(2,153)

Other adjustments and 

deductions
1

1,527

815 

712

Total Common Equity Tier 1 capital

$

78,650

$

64,751 

$

13,899

Additional Tier 1 capital

Preferred stock

$

9,250

$

8,520 

$

730

Noncontrolling interests

619

607 

12

Additional Tier 1 capital

$

9,869

$

9,127 

$

742

Deduction for investments 

in covered funds

(440)

(435)

(5)

Total Tier 1 capital

$

88,079

$

73,443 

$

14,636

Standardized Tier 2 capital

Subordinated debt

$

7,737

$

8,538 

$

(801)

Noncontrolling interests

146

143 

3

Eligible allowance for credit 

losses

1,265

590 

675

Other adjustments and 

deductions

(14)

(6)

(8)

Total Standardized Tier 2 

capital

$

9,134

$

9,265 

$

(131)

Total Standardized capital

$

97,213

$

82,708 

$

14,505

Advanced Tier 2 capital

Subordinated debt

$

7,737

$

8,538 

$

(801)

Noncontrolling interests

146

143 

3

Eligible credit reserves

1,046

305 

741

Other adjustments and 

deductions

(14)

(6)

(8)

Total Advanced Tier 2 

capital

$

8,915

$

8,980 

$

(65)

Total Advanced capital

$

96,994

$

82,423 

$

14,571

1.
Other adjustments and deductions used in the calculation of Common Equity Tier 1 capital primarily includes net after-tax DVA, the credit spread premium over risk-free rate for derivative liabilities, defined benefit pension plan assets, after-tax gain on sale from assets sold into securitizations, investments in our own capital instruments and certain deferred tax assets.

The increase in Common Equity Tier 1 capital compared with December 31, 2019 was primarily the result of a net increase in Retained earnings and the impact of the E*TRADE acquisition.

53

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

RWA Rollforward

2020

$ in millions

Standardized

Advanced

Credit risk RWA

Balance at December 31, 2019

$

342,684 

$

228,927 

Change related to the following items:

Derivatives

17,003

35,426

Securities financing transactions

(486)

1,921

Securitizations

(1,683)

(3,261)

Investment securities

10,950

8,587

Commitments, guarantees and 

loans

9,892

3,745

Cash

2,416

2,678

Equity investments

3,796

4,004

Other credit risk
1

2,494

2,903

Total change in credit risk RWA

$

44,382

$

56,003

Balance at December 31, 2020

$

387,066

$

284,930

Market risk RWA

Balance at December 31, 2019

$

51,493 

$

51,597 

Change related to the following items:

Regulatory VaR

8,578

8,578

Regulatory stressed VaR

975

975

Incremental risk charge

1,968

1,968

Comprehensive risk measure

145

41

Specific risk:

Non-securitizations

2,938

2,938

Securitizations

(57)

(57)

Total change in market risk RWA

$

14,547

$

14,443

Balance at December 31, 2020

$

66,040

$

66,040

Operational risk RWA

Balance at December 31, 2019

N/A

$

101,972 

Change in operational risk RWA

N/A

(7,791)

Balance at December 31, 2020

N/A

$

94,181

Total RWA

$

453,106

$

445,151

Regulatory VaR—VaR for regulatory capital requirements

1.
Amounts reflect assets not in a defined category, non-material portfolios of exposures and unsettled transactions, as applicable.

Credit risk RWA increased in 2020 under both the Standardized and Advanced Approaches, primarily from an increase in Derivatives exposures driven by market volatility and an increase in Investment securities mainly as a result of the E*TRADE acquisition. The increase was also driven by Lending commitments within the Wealth Management and Institutional Securities business segments and an increase in Equity investments due to higher exposure and market value gains. In addition, credit risk RWA under the Advanced Approach increased for CVA, mainly due to increased exposure in Derivatives and higher credit spread volatility.

Market risk RWA increased in 2020 under both the Standardized and Advanced Approaches primarily due to an increase in Regulatory VaR mainly as a result of higher market volatility.

The decrease in operational risk RWA under the Advanced Approach in 2020 reflects a decline in the frequency and severity of litigation-related losses.

G-SIB Capital Surcharge

We and other U.S. G-SIBs are subject to a risk-based capital surcharge. A G-SIB must calculate its G-SIB capital surcharge under two methods and use the higher of the two surcharges. The first method considers the G-SIB’s size, interconnectedness, cross-jurisdictional activity, complexity and substitutability, which is generally consistent with the methodology developed by the Basel Committee (“Method 1”). The second method uses similar inputs but replaces substitutability with the use of short-term wholesale funding (“Method 2”) and generally results in higher surcharges than the first method. The G-SIB capital surcharge must be satisfied using Common Equity Tier 1 capital and functions as an extension of the capital conservation buffer.

Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements

The Federal Reserve has established external TLAC, long-term debt (“LTD”) and clean holding company requirements for top-tier BHCs of U.S. G-SIBs (“covered BHCs”), including the Parent Company. These requirements are designed to ensure that covered BHCs will have enough loss-absorbing resources at the point of failure to be recapitalized through the conversion of eligible LTD to equity or otherwise by imposing losses on eligible LTD or other forms of TLAC where an SPOE resolution strategy is used (see “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company—Resolution and Recovery Planning” and “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk”).

These TLAC and eligible LTD requirements include various restrictions, such as requiring eligible LTD to: be issued by the covered BHC and be unsecured; have a maturity of one year or more from the date of issuance; and not contain certain embedded features, such as a principal or redemption amount subject to reduction based on the performance of an asset, entity or index, or a similar feature. In addition, the requirements provide permanent grandfathering for debt instruments issued prior to December 31, 2016 that would be eligible LTD but for having impermissible acceleration clauses or being governed by foreign law. 

A covered BHC is also required to maintain minimum external TLAC equal to the greater of (i) 18% of total RWA or (ii) 7.5% of its total leverage exposure (the denominator of its SLR). In addition, covered BHCs must meet a separate external LTD requirement equal to the greater of (i) total RWA multiplied by the sum of 6% plus the higher of the Method 1 or Method 2 G-SIB capital surcharge applicable to the Parent Company, or (ii) 4.5% of its total leverage exposure. 

December 2020 Form 10-K

54

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Required and Actual TLAC and Eligible LTD Ratios

ActualAmount/Ratio

$ in millions

Regulatory Minimum

Required Ratio
1

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

External TLAC
2

$

216,129

$

196,888 

External TLAC as a % of RWA

18.0

%

21.5

%

47.7

%

49.9 

%

External TLAC as a % of leverage exposure

7.5

%

9.5

%

18.1

%

17.0 

%

Eligible LTD
3

$

120,561

$

113,624 

Eligible LTD as a % of RWA

9.0

%

9.0

%

26.6

%

28.8 

%

Eligible LTD as a % of leverage exposure

4.5

%

4.5

%

10.1

%

9.8 

%

1.
Required ratios are inclusive of applicable buffers. The final rule imposes TLAC buffer requirements on top of both the risk-based and leverage exposure-based external TLAC minimum requirements. The risk-based TLAC buffer is equal to the sum of 2.5%, our Method 1 G-SIB surcharge and the CCyB, if any, as a percentage of total RWA. The leverage exposure-based TLAC buffer is equal to 2% of our total leverage exposure. Failure to maintain the buffers would result in restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers.

2.
External TLAC consists of Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital (each excluding any noncontrolling minority interests), as well as eligible LTD.

3.
Consists of TLAC-eligible LTD reduced by 50% for amounts of unpaid principal due to be paid in more than one year but less than two years from each respective balance sheet date. 

Furthermore, under the clean holding company requirements of the final rule, a covered BHC is prohibited from incurring any external debt with an original maturity of less than one year or certain other liabilities, regardless of whether the liabilities are fully secured or otherwise senior to eligible LTD, or entering into certain other prohibited transactions. Certain other external liabilities, including those with certain embedded features noted above, are subject to a cap equal to 5% of the covered BHC’s outstanding external TLAC amount. We are in compliance with all TLAC requirements as of December 31, 2020.

Additionally, the U.S. banking agencies have issued a final rule that, among other things, modifies the regulatory capital framework for large U.S. banking organizations, including us and our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. Under the final rule, such organizations are required to make certain deductions from regulatory capital for their investments in certain unsecured debt instruments (including eligible LTD in the TLAC framework) issued by the Parent Company and other G-SIBs. These requirements become effective on April 1, 2021, and we expect to be in compliance with the final rule by the effective date.

Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve has adopted capital planning and stress test requirements for large BHCs, which form part of the Federal Reserve’s annual CCAR framework.

We must submit, on at least an annual basis, a capital plan to the Federal Reserve, taking into account the results of separate annual stress tests designed by us and the Federal 

Reserve, so that the Federal Reserve may assess our systems and processes that incorporate forward-looking projections of revenues and losses to monitor and maintain our internal capital adequacy. As banks with less than $250 billion of total assets, our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are not subject to company-run stress test regulatory requirements. 

The capital plan must include a description of all planned capital actions over a nine-quarter planning horizon, including any issuance or redemption of a debt or equity capital instrument, any capital distribution (
i.e.
, payments of dividends or stock repurchases) and any similar action that the Federal Reserve determines could impact our consolidated capital. The capital plan must include a discussion of how we will maintain capital above the minimum regulatory capital ratios, and how we will serve as a source of strength to our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries under supervisory stress scenarios. In addition, the Federal Reserve has issued guidance setting out its heightened expectations for capital planning practices at certain large financial institutions, including us.

In 2020, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule to integrate its annual capital planning and stress testing requirements with existing applicable regulatory capital requirements. The final rule, which applies to certain BHCs, including us, introduced an SCB and related changes to the capital planning and stress testing processes. The final rule does not change regulatory capital requirements under the Advanced Approach, the Tier 1 leverage ratio or the SLR. However, failure to meet Advanced Approach or SLR regulatory capital requirements, inclusive of applicable capital buffers, would also result in automatic capital distribution limitations.

The SCB applies only with respect to Standardized Approach risk-based capital requirements and replaces the existing Common Equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5%. The SCB is the greater of (i) the maximum decline in our Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio under the severely adverse scenario over the supervisory stress test measurement period plus the sum of the four quarters of planned common stock dividends divided by the projected RWAs from the quarter in which the Firm’s projected Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio reaches its minimum in the supervisory stress test and (ii) 2.5%. 

Under the SCB final rule, the supervisory stress test now assumes that BHCs generally maintain a constant level of assets and RWAs throughout the projection period. In addition, it no longer assumes that BHCs make all planned capital distributions, although the SCB incorporates the amount of four quarters of planned common stock dividends. Similarly, the final rule eliminates the annual process in which the Federal Reserve provided its objection or non-objection to a firm’s capital plan, given the integration of stress test results into automatic distribution limitations resulting from failure to meet SCB requirements. Federal Reserve approval for capital actions is still required in some specific circumstances.

55

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

A firm’s SCB is subject to revision each year, with effect from October 1, to reflect the results of the Federal Reserve's annual supervisory stress test. The Federal Reserve has discretion to recalculate a firm's SCB outside of the October 1 annual cycle in certain circumstances.

We submitted our 2020 Capital Plan (“Capital Plan”) and company-run stress test results to the Federal Reserve on April 6, 2020. On June 25, 2020, the Federal Reserve published summary results of its supervisory stress tests of each large BHC. On June 29, 2020, we disclosed a summary of the results of our company-run stress tests on our Investor Relations website. On September 4, 2020, we announced we would be subject to an SCB of 5.7% beginning October 1, 2020, which reflects the Federal Reserve’s 2020 supervisory stress test results, inclusive of corrections from the original results announced in June 2020.

Together with other features of the regulatory capital framework, this revised SCB results in an aggregate Standardized Approach Common Equity Tier 1 required ratio of 13.2%.

In 2020, the Federal Reserve required all large BHCs to update and resubmit their capital plans in response to changes in financial markets or the macroeconomic outlook associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. On November 2, 2020, we resubmitted our 2020 Capital Plan and company-run stress test results based on revised scenarios released by the Federal Reserve on September 17, 2020. On December 18, 2020, the Federal Reserve published summary results of the second round of supervisory stress tests for each large BHC, including us. While the Federal Reserve did not recalculate any BHC’s SCB in connection with the December 18, 2020 announcement, it extended the time period to notify firms whether their SCB requirements will be recalculated until March 31, 2021, and also extended capital action supervisory restrictions applicable to large BHCs into the first quarter of 2021 with modifications to permit resumptions of share repurchases. Consistent with these modifications, on December 18, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchases of outstanding common stock of up to $10 billion in 2021, subject to limitations on distributions from the Federal Reserve. See “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Action Supervisory Restrictions” herein for additional information on capital action supervisory restrictions.

For the 2021 capital planning and stress test cycle, we are required to submit our capital plan and company-run stress test results to the Federal Reserve by April 5, 2021. The Federal Reserve is expected to publish summary results of the CCAR and Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress tests of each large BHC, including us, by June 30, 2021. We are required to disclose a summary of the results of our company-run stress tests within 15 days of the date the Federal Reserve discloses the results of the supervisory stress tests. 

Capital Action Supervisory Restrictions

The Federal Reserve announced, on June 25, 2020, that all large BHCs would be subject to capital action supervisory restrictions beginning in the third quarter of 2020, which the Federal Reserve subsequently extended into the fourth quarter of 2020. Except as noted below, these restrictions generally prohibited large BHCs from making any capital distribution (excluding any capital distribution arising from the issuance of a capital instrument eligible for inclusion in the numerator of a regulatory capital ratio), unless otherwise approved by the Federal Reserve, regardless of whether a firm met applicable capital buffers, including the SCB. Large BHCs were, however, authorized to make share repurchases relating to issuances of common stock related to employee stock ownership plans; provided that a BHC did not increase the amount of its common stock dividends, to pay common stock dividends that did not exceed an amount equal to the average of the BHC’s net income for the four preceding calendar quarters, unless otherwise specified by the Federal Reserve; and to make scheduled payments on additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments. 

Under the modified capital action restrictions announced on December 18, 2020, large BHCs are permitted, in the first quarter of 2021, to take certain capital actions. In particular, a firm may, provided that it does not increase the amount of its common stock dividends to be larger than the level paid in the second quarter of 2020, pay common stock dividends and make share repurchases that, in the aggregate, do not exceed an amount equal to the average of the firm’s net income for the four preceding calendar quarters; make share repurchases that equal the amount of share issuances related to expensed employee compensation; and redeem and make scheduled payments on additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments.

Attribution of Average Common Equity According to the Required Capital Framework

Our required capital (“Required Capital”) estimation is based on the Required Capital framework, an internal capital adequacy measure. Common equity attribution to the business segments is based on capital usage calculated under the Required Capital framework, as well as each business segment’s relative contribution to our total Required Capital.

The Required Capital framework is a risk-based and leverage-based capital measure, which is compared with our regulatory capital to ensure that we maintain an amount of going concern capital after absorbing potential losses from stress events, where applicable, at a point in time. The amount of capital allocated to the business segments is generally set at the beginning of each year and remains fixed throughout the year until the next annual reset unless a significant business change occurs (
e.g.
, acquisition or disposition). We define the difference between our total average common equity and the sum of the average common equity amounts allocated to our business segments as Parent common equity. We generally hold Parent common equity for prospective regulatory 

December 2020 Form 10-K

56

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

requirements, organic growth, acquisitions and other capital needs.

Average Common Equity Attribution under the Required Capital Framework
1

$ in billions

2020

2019

2018

Institutional Securities

$

42.8

$

40.4 

$

40.8 

Wealth Management
2

20.8

18.2 

16.8 

Investment Management

2.6

2.5 

2.6 

Parent

14.0

11.6 

9.8 

Total

$

80.2

$

72.7 

$

70.0 

1.
The attribution of average common equity to the business segments is a non-GAAP financial measure. See "Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information" herein.

2.
Total average common equity and the allocation to the Wealth Management business segment were revised in the fourth quarter of 2020 to reflect the impact of the E*TRADE acquisition on October 2, 2020.

Beginning in 2021, we have updated our Required Capital framework to take into account changes to our risk-based capital requirements resulting from the SCB. The stand-alone impact of the change to the Required Capital framework was not material to the business segments. As noted above, common equity attribution to the business segments is based upon usage. We will continue to evaluate the framework with respect to the impact of other future regulatory requirements as appropriate. 

Resolution and Recovery Planning

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, we are required to periodically submit to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a resolution plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of our material financial distress or failure. Our next resolution plan submission will be a targeted resolution plan in July 2021.

As described in our most recent resolution plan, which was submitted on June 28, 2019, our preferred resolution strategy is an SPOE strategy. In line with our SPOE strategy, the Parent Company has transferred, and has agreed to transfer on an ongoing basis, certain assets to its wholly owned, direct subsidiary Morgan Stanley Holdings LLC (the “Funding IHC”). In addition, the Parent Company has entered into an amended and restated support agreement with its material entities (including the Funding IHC) and certain other subsidiaries. In the event of a resolution scenario, the Parent Company would be obligated to contribute all of its Contributable Assets to our material entities and/or the Funding IHC. The Funding IHC would be obligated to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to our material entities. The combined implication of the SPOE resolution strategy and the requirement to maintain certain levels of TLAC is that losses in resolution would be imposed on the holders of eligible long-term debt and other forms of eligible TLAC issued by the Parent Company before any losses are imposed on creditors of our material entities or before putting U.S. taxpayers at risk.

The obligations of the Parent Company and the Funding IHC under the amended and restated support agreement are in most cases secured on a senior basis by the assets of the Parent Company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain other assets) and the assets of the Funding IHC. As a result, claims of our material entities, including the Funding IHC, with respect to the secured assets, are effectively senior to unsecured obligations of the Parent Company.

In December 2019, we received joint feedback on our 2019 resolution plan from the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. The feedback confirmed that there are no deficiencies in our 2019 resolution plan and that we had successfully addressed a prior shortcoming identified by the agencies in the review of our 2017 resolution plan. The agencies noted one shortcoming in our 2019 resolution plan related to certain mechanisms intended to facilitate our SPOE strategy which must be addressed prior to our next resolution plan submission in 2021.

For more information about resolution and recovery planning requirements and our activities in these areas, including the implications of such activities in a resolution scenario, see “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company—Resolution and Recovery Planning” and “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk.”

Regulatory Developments

Regulatory Developments in Response to COVID-19

In the United States, the Federal Reserve, the other U.S. state and federal financial regulatory agencies and Congress have taken actions to mitigate disruptions to economic activity and financial stability resulting from COVID-19.

Federal Reserve and other U.S. Banking Agency Actions

The Federal Reserve established a range of facilities and programs to support the U.S. economy and U.S. marketplace participants in response to economic disruptions associated with COVID-19. Through these facilities and programs, the Federal Reserve has taken steps to directly or indirectly purchase assets or debt instruments from, or make loans to, U.S. companies, financial institutions, municipalities and other market participants. In the current year, we have participated as principal, as well as on behalf of clients, in certain of these facilities and programs, and we may participate in other of these facilities and programs in the future.

In addition, the Federal Reserve has taken a range of other actions to support the flow of credit to households and businesses. For example, the Federal Reserve has set the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25% and has increased its holdings of U.S. Treasury securities and agency mortgage-backed securities, purchased agency commercial mortgage-backed securities, and established a facility to purchase corporate debt securities and shares of exchange-

57

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

traded funds holding such securities. The Federal Reserve has also encouraged depository institutions to borrow from the discount window and has lowered the primary credit rate for such borrowings by 150 basis points to 0.25% while extending the term of such loans up to 90 days. In addition, reserve requirements have been reduced to zero.

Acting in concert with the other U.S. banking agencies, the Federal Reserve has also issued statements encouraging banking organizations to use their capital and liquidity buffers as they lend to households and businesses affected by COVID-19.

Further, the Federal Reserve, along with the other U.S. banking agencies, issued guidance stating that granting certain concessions to borrowers that are current on existing loans, either individually or as part of a program for creditworthy borrowers who are experiencing short-term financial or operational problems as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, generally would not be considered TDRs under applicable U.S. GAAP. This guidance also clarifies that efforts to work with borrowers of one-to-four family residential mortgages impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and meeting certain criteria will not result in such loans being deemed restructured or modified for purposes of regulatory capital requirements.

The Federal Reserve and other U.S. banking agencies have also issued a series of rulemakings in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including to facilitate banking organizations’ use of their capital buffers:

•
Supplementary Leverage Ratio Interim Final Rules.
 The Federal Reserve has adopted an interim final rule that excludes, on a temporary basis, U.S. Treasury securities and deposits at Federal Reserve Banks from our supplementary leverage exposure from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021. 

A similar interim final rule issued by the OCC along with the other U.S. banking agencies provides national banks, including MSBNA and MSPBNA, an optional election, which is considered on a case-by-case basis by the OCC if received after June 30, 2020, to apply similar relief. If elected and approved, a national bank must receive prior approval from the OCC before making any capital distributions while the exclusion is in effect. As of December 31, 2020, neither MSBNA nor MSPBNA made this optional election.

•
Revisions to Definition of Eligible Retained Income.
 The U.S. banking agencies have adopted as final an interim final rule, which was effective March 20, 2020, amending the definition of eligible retained income in their respective capital rules. As amended, eligible retained income is defined by the U.S. banking agencies as the greater of (i) net income for the four preceding calendar quarters, net of any distributions and associated tax effects not already reflected in net income, and (ii) the average of net income over the preceding four quarters. This definition applies 

with respect to any payout restrictions applicable in the event of a breach of any regulatory capital buffers, including any applicable CCyB, G-SIB capital surcharge, capital conservation buffer, the enhanced SLR and the SCB, which replaced the capital conservation buffer under the Standardized Approach.

Separately, the Federal Reserve has adopted as final an interim final rule, which was effective March 26, 2020, amending the definition of eligible retained income under its TLAC rule to be consistent with the revised definition of eligible retained income in the regulatory capital framework, as summarized above.

•
Regulatory Capital and Stress Testing Developments Related to Implementation of CECL.
 The U.S. banking agencies have adopted a final rule, consistent with an interim final rule that was effective March 31, 2020, altering, for purposes of the regulatory capital and TLAC requirements, the required adoption time period for CECL. We have elected to apply a transition method provided by the rule, under which the effects of CECL on our regulatory capital and TLAC requirements are deferred for two years, followed by a three-year phase-in of the aggregate capital effects of the two-year deferral.

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the “Consolidated Appropriations Act”)

The CARES Act was signed into law on March 27, 2020. Pursuant to the CARES Act, the U.S. Treasury had the authority to provide loans, guarantees and other investments in support of eligible businesses, states and municipalities affected by the economic effects of COVID-19. Some of these funds may also have been used to support the several Federal Reserve programs and facilities described in “Federal Reserve Actions” previously or additional programs or facilities that are established by the Federal Reserve under its Section 13(3) authority and meet certain criteria. Among other provisions, the CARES Act also included funding for the Small Business Administration to expand lending, relief from certain U.S. GAAP requirements to allow COVID-19-related loan modifications not to be categorized as TDRs and a range of incentives to encourage deferment, forbearance or modification of consumer credit and mortgage contracts. 

The CARES Act also included several measures that temporarily adjusted existing laws or regulations. These included providing the FDIC with additional authority to guarantee the deposits of solvent insured depository institutions held in non-interest-bearing business transaction accounts to a maximum amount specified by the FDIC, reinstating the FDIC’s Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Authority to guarantee debt obligations of solvent insured depository institutions or depository institution holding companies, temporarily allowing the U.S. Treasury to fully guarantee money market mutual funds and granting additional 

December 2020 Form 10-K

58

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

authority to the OCC to provide certain exemptions to the lending limits imposed on national banks. 

The Consolidated Appropriations Act, which was signed into law on December 27, 2020, extends certain relief provided by the CARES Act while also modifying or clarifying certain other provisions. Among other amendments to the CARES Act, the Consolidated Appropriations Act extends the relief related to TDRs until January 1, 2022. In addition, the Consolidated Appropriations Act rescinds certain funds that were appropriated to the U.S. Treasury to provide loans, loan guarantees, and make other investments in programs or facilities established by the Federal Reserve, and prohibits the Federal Reserve, after December 31, 2020, from making any new investments, loans or loan guarantees, or extensions of credit through those of its programs and facilities that were established using CARES Act funding. Federal Reserve programs and facilities that were not established using CARES Act funding are not affected by the Consolidated Appropriations Act.

Non-U.S. Central Bank Actions

In addition to actions taken by the Federal Reserve, many non-U.S. central banks have announced similar facilities and programs in response to the economic and market disruptions associated with COVID-19. Firm subsidiaries operating in non-U.S. markets may participate, or perform customer facilitation roles, in such non-U.S. facilities or programs.

Other Matters

U.K. Withdrawal from the E.U.

On January 31, 2020, the U.K. withdrew from the E.U. under the terms of a withdrawal agreement between the U.K. and the E.U. The withdrawal agreement provided for a transition period to the end of December 2020, during which time the U.K. continued to apply E.U. law as if it were a member state, and U.K. firms’ rights to provide financial services in E.U. member states continued.

On December 24, 2020 the U.K. and the E.U. announced they had reached agreement on the terms of a trade and co-operation agreement to govern the future relationship between the parties. The agreement consists of three main pillars including trade, citizens’ security and governance, covering a range of arrangements in several areas. The agreement is provisionally applicable with effect from January 1, 2021 pending formal ratification by the E.U. As anticipated, the agreement did not materially address provision of financial services.

We had prepared the structure of our European operations for a range of potential outcomes, including for the possibility that U.K. financial firms’ access to E.U. markets after the transition period would be limited, and have been able to continue to serve our clients and customers from January 1, 2021.

For more information on the U.K.’s withdrawal from the E.U., our related preparations and the potential impact on our operations, see “Risk Factors—International Risk.” For further information regarding our exposure to the U.K., see also “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Country and Other Risks” herein.

Planned Replacement of London Interbank Offered Rate and Replacement or Reform of Other Interest Rates

Central banks around the world, including the Federal Reserve, have commissioned committees and working groups of market participants and official sector representatives to replace LIBOR and replace or reform other interest rate benchmarks (collectively, the “IBORs”). There remains a likelihood that most IBORs will not be available beyond 2021. In 2020, ICE Benchmark Administration, which administers LIBOR publication, issued a consultation requesting feedback on its intention to cease the publication of most LIBOR rates as of the end of December 2021, except for the publication until June 30, 2023 of the most widely used U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors. At the same time, the U.S. banking agencies and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority also encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts referencing LIBOR as soon as practicable and no later than December 31, 2021, but have also indicated their support for the continuation of certain U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors through the end of June 2023 to allow for certain U.S. dollar LIBOR legacy contracts to mature.

Also in 2020, there have been several steps taken by the industry to encourage the transition to alternative reference rates. Key central clearinghouses, such as London Clearing House (“LCH”) and Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”), have switched their price aligned interest and discounting to the alternative reference rates. For example, the LCH and CME transitioned the discounting rate for U.S. dollar denominated products to SOFR, the alternative rate to U.S. dollar LIBOR selected by the ARRC. The International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) also published its 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol which will amend ISDA’s interest rate definitions among Protocol adherents to incorporate robust fallbacks for legacy non-cleared derivatives linked to LIBOR and certain other interest rates benchmarks. The ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol became effective as of January 25, 2021 and applies to Protocol adherents who do not elect to voluntarily convert their derivatives contracts to reference alternative rates in advance of the applicable cessation date. Similarly, ISDA’s IBOR Fallbacks Supplement will also amend ISDA’s standard definitions to incorporate these new fallbacks in new derivatives entered into on or after that same effective date. In addition, certain central bank-sponsored committees have issued recommended best practices to assist market participants in transitioning away from the IBORs in various jurisdictions, including the United States. These documents include recommended timelines and intermediate steps market participants can take in order to achieve a successful transition.

59

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Management's Discussion and Analysis

We have established and are undertaking a Firm-wide IBOR transition plan to promote the transition to alternative reference rates, which is overseen by a global steering committee, with senior management oversight. Our transition plan is designed to identify, assess and monitor risks associated with the expected discontinuation or unavailability of one or more of the IBORs, and includes continued engagement with central bank and industry working groups and regulators (including participation and leadership on key committees), active client engagement, internal operational readiness and risk management, among other things. We are a party to a significant number of LIBOR-linked contracts, many of which extend beyond 2021 and, in the case of U.S. dollar LIBOR, June 30, 2023, composed of derivatives, securitizations, floating rate notes, loans and mortgages. Our review of these contracts includes assessing the impact of applicable fallbacks and any amendments that may be warranted or appropriate. We are also taking steps to update operational processes (including to support alternative reference rates), models, and associated infrastructure, as well as conducting certain client outreach to amend fallbacks, including by utilization of the ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol or through bilaterally negotiated voluntary conversions of outstanding LIBOR products where practicable. Key Firm entities have also adhered to the ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol.

In addition, as part of the transition to alternative reference rates, we are making markets in products linked to such rates, including SOFR, and have issued debt linked to SOFR.

For a further discussion of the expected replacement of the IBORs and/or reform of interest rate benchmarks, and the related risks and our transition plan, see “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk.”

December 2020 Form 10-K

60

Table of Contents

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk

Risk Management

Overview

Risk is an inherent part of our businesses and activities. We believe effective risk management is vital to the success of our business activities. Accordingly, we have an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework to integrate the diverse roles of risk management into a holistic enterprise structure and to facilitate the incorporation of risk assessment into decision-making processes across the Firm.

We have policies and procedures in place to identify, measure, monitor, advise, challenge and control the principal risks involved in the activities of the Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments, as well as at the Parent Company level. The principal risks involved in our business activities include market (including non-trading risks), credit, operational, model, compliance, cybersecurity, liquidity, strategic, reputational and conduct risk. Strategic risk is integrated into our business planning, embedded in the evaluation of all principal risks and overseen by the Board.

The cornerstone of our risk management philosophy is the pursuit of risk-adjusted returns through prudent risk taking that protects our capital base and franchise. This philosophy is implemented through the ERM framework. Five key principles underlie this philosophy: integrity, comprehensiveness, independence, accountability and transparency. To help ensure the efficacy of risk management, which is an essential component of our reputation, senior 

management requires thorough and frequent communication and the appropriate escalation of risk matters. The fast-paced, complex and constantly evolving nature of global financial markets requires us to maintain a risk management culture that is incisive, knowledgeable about specialized products and markets, and subject to ongoing review and enhancement.

Our risk appetite defines the types of risk that the Firm is willing to accept in pursuit of our strategic objectives and business plan, taking into account the interests of clients and fiduciary duties to shareholders, as well as capital and other regulatory requirements. This risk appetite is embedded in our risk culture and linked to our short-term and long-term strategic, capital and financial plans, as well as compensation programs. This risk appetite and the related Board-level risk limits and risk tolerance statements are reviewed and approved by the Risk Committee of the Board (“BRC”) and the Board on at least an annual basis.

Risk Governance Structure

Risk management at the Firm requires independent Firm-level oversight, accountability of our business divisions, and effective communication of risk matters across the Firm, to senior management and ultimately to the Board. Our risk governance structure is set forth in the following chart and also includes risk managers, committees, and groups within and across business segments and operating legal entities. The ERM framework, composed of independent but complementary entities, facilitates efficient and comprehensive supervision of our risk exposures and processes.

RRP
—
Resolution and Recovery Planning

1.
Committees include the Capital Commitment Committee, Global Large Loan Committee, Equity Underwriting Committee, Leveraged Finance Underwriting Committee and Municipal Capital Commitment Committee.

2.
Committees include the Securities Risk Committee, Wealth Management Risk Committee and Investment Management Risk Committee.

61

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

Morgan Stanley Board of Directors

The Board has oversight of the ERM framework and is responsible for helping to ensure that our risks are managed in a sound manner. The Board has authorized the committees within the ERM framework to help facilitate our risk oversight responsibilities. As set forth in our Corporate Governance Policies, the Board also oversees, and receives reports on, our financial performance, strategy and business plans, as well as our practices and procedures relating to reputational and franchise risk, and culture, values and conduct.

Risk Committee of the Board

The BRC assists the Board in its oversight of the ERM framework; oversees major risk exposures of the Firm, including market, credit, model and liquidity risk, against established risk measurement methodologies and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; oversees our risk appetite statement, including risk limits and tolerances; reviews capital, liquidity and funding strategy and related guidelines and policies; reviews the contingency funding plan and capital planning process; oversees our significant risk management and risk assessment guidelines and policies; oversees the performance of the Chief Risk Officer; reviews reports from our Strategic Transactions Committee, CCAR Committee and RRP Committee; reviews new product risk, emerging risks, climate risk and regulatory matters; and reviews the Internal Audit Department reports on the assessment of the risk management, liquidity and capital functions. The BRC reports to the Board on a regular basis and coordinates with other Board committees with respect to oversight of risk management and risk assessment guidelines.

Audit Committee of the Board

The Audit Committee of the Board (“BAC”) oversees the integrity of our financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and system of internal controls; oversees risk management and risk assessment guidelines in coordination with the Board, the BRC, and the Operations and Technology Committee of the Board (“BOTC”); reviews the major legal, compliance and conduct risk exposures of the Firm and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; selects, determines the fees, evaluates and, when appropriate, replaces the independent auditor; oversees the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditor and pre-approves audit and permitted non-audit services; oversees the performance of our Chief Audit Officer; and, after review, recommends to the Board the acceptance and inclusion of the annual audited financial statements in the Firm’s annual report on Form 10-K. The BAC reports to the Board on a regular basis.

Operations and Technology Committee of the Board

The BOTC oversees our operations and technology strategy and significant investments in support of such strategy; 

operations, technology and operational risk, including information security, fraud, vendor, data protection, privacy, business continuity and resilience, cybersecurity risks and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; receives reports regarding business continuity and resilience; and reviews risk management and risk assessment guidelines in coordination with the Board, the BRC and the BAC, and policies regarding operations, technology and operational risk. The BOTC reports to the Board on a regular basis.

Firm Risk Committee

The Board has also authorized the Firm Risk Committee (“FRC”), a management committee appointed and co-chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Risk Officer, which includes the most senior officers of the Firm from the business, independent risk functions and control groups, to help oversee the ERM framework. The FRC’s responsibilities include: oversight of our risk management principles, procedures and limits; the monitoring of capital levels and material market, credit, operational, model, liquidity, legal, compliance and reputational risk matters, and other risks, as appropriate; and the steps management has taken to monitor and manage such risks. The FRC also establishes and communicates risk tolerance, including aggregate Firm limits and tolerances, as appropriate. The Governance Process Review Subcommittee of the FRC oversees governance and process issues on behalf of the FRC. The FRC reports to the Board, the BAC, the BOTC and the BRC through the Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer.

Functional Risk and Control Committees

Functional risk and control committees and other committees within the ERM framework facilitate efficient and comprehensive supervision of our risk exposures and processes.

Each business segment has a risk committee that is responsible for helping to ensure that the business segment, as applicable, adheres to established limits for market, credit, operational and other risks; implements risk measurement, monitoring, and management policies, procedures, controls and systems that are consistent with the risk framework established by the FRC; and reviews, on a periodic basis, our aggregate risk exposures, risk exception experience, and the efficacy of our risk identification, measurement, monitoring and management policies and procedures, and related controls.

Chief Risk Officer

The Chief Risk Officer, who is independent of business units, reports to the BRC and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Risk Officer oversees compliance with our risk limits; approves exceptions to our risk limits; independently reviews material market, credit, liquidity, model and operational risks; and reviews results of risk management processes with the 

December 2020 Form 10-K

62

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

Board, the BRC, the BOTC and the BAC, as appropriate. The Chief Risk Officer also coordinates with the Chief Financial Officer regarding capital and liquidity management and works with the Compensation, Management Development and Succession Committee of the Board to help ensure that the structure and design of incentive compensation arrangements do not encourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking.

Independent Risk Management Functions

The risk management functions (Market Risk, Credit Risk, Operational Risk, Model Risk and Liquidity Risk Management departments) are independent of our business units and report to the Chief Risk Officer. These functions assist senior management and the FRC in monitoring and controlling our risk through a number of control processes. Each function maintains its own risk governance structure with specified individuals and committees responsible for aspects of managing risk. Further discussion about the responsibilities of the risk management functions may be found under “Market Risk,” “Credit Risk,” “Operational Risk,” “Model Risk” and “Liquidity Risk” herein.

Support and Control Groups

Our support and control groups include the Legal and Compliance Division, the Finance Division, Technology Division, Operations Division, the Human Resources Department, Corporate Services and Firm Resilience. Our support and control groups coordinate with the business segment control groups to review the risk monitoring and risk management policies and procedures relating to, among other things, controls over financial reporting and disclosure; each business segment’s market, credit and operational risk profile; liquidity risks; model risks; sales practices; reputational, legal enforceability, compliance, conduct and regulatory risk; and technological risks. Participation by the senior officers of the Firm and business segment control groups helps ensure that risk policies and procedures, exceptions to risk limits, new products and business ventures, and transactions with risk elements undergo thorough review.

Internal Audit Department

The Internal Audit Department provides independent risk and control assessment. The Internal Audit Department provides an independent assessment of the design and effectiveness of our control environment and risk management processes using a risk-based audit coverage model and audit execution methodology developed from professional auditing standards. The Internal Audit Department also reviews and tests our compliance with internal guidelines set for risk management and risk monitoring, as well as external rules and regulations governing the industry. It undertakes these responsibilities through periodic reviews (with specified minimum frequency) of our processes, activities, products and information systems; targeted reviews of specific controls and activities; pre-implementation or initiative reviews of new or significantly changed processes, activities, products or information 

systems; and special investigations and retrospective reviews required as a result of internal factors or regulatory requests. In addition to regular reports to the BAC, the Chief Audit Officer, who reports functionally to the BAC and administratively to the Chief Executive Officer, periodically reports to the BRC and BOTC on risk-related control issues.

Culture, Values and Conduct of Employees

Employees of the Firm are accountable for conducting themselves in accordance with our core values: 
Put Clients First, Do the Right Thing, Lead with Exceptional Ideas, Commit to Diversity and Inclusion and Give Back
. We are committed to reinforcing and confirming adherence to our core values through our governance framework, tone from the top, management oversight, risk management and controls, and three lines of defense structure (business, control functions such as Risk Management and Compliance, and Internal Audit).

The Board is responsible for overseeing the Firm’s practices and procedures relating to culture, values and conduct, as set forth in the Firm’s Corporate Governance Policies. Our Culture, Values and Conduct Committee, along with the Compliance and Conduct Risk Committee, are the senior management committees that oversee the Firmwide culture, values and conduct program and report regularly to the Board. A fundamental building block of this program is the Firm’s Code of Conduct, which establishes standards for employee conduct that further reinforce the Firm’s commitment to integrity and ethical conduct. Every new hire and every employee annually is required to certify to their understanding of and adherence to the Code of Conduct. The Firm’s Global Conduct Risk Management Policy also sets out a consistent global framework for managing Conduct Risk (
i.e.
, the risk arising from misconduct by employees or contingent workers) and Conduct Risk incidents at the Firm.

The employee annual performance review process includes evaluation of employee conduct related to risk management practices and the Firm’s expectations. We also have several mutually reinforcing processes to identify employee conduct that may have an impact on employment status, current year compensation and/or prior year compensation. For example, the Global Incentive Compensation Discretion Policy sets forth standards for managers when making annual compensation decisions and specifically provides that managers must consider whether their employees effectively managed and/or supervised risk control practices during the performance year. Management committees from control functions periodically meet to discuss employees whose conduct is not in line with our expectations. These results are incorporated into identified employees’ performance reviews and compensation and promotion decisions.

The Firm’s clawback and cancellation provisions apply to deferred incentive compensation and cover a broad scope of employee conduct, including any act or omission (including with respect to direct supervisory responsibilities) that 

63

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

constitutes a breach of obligation to the Firm or causes a restatement of the Firm’s financial results, constitutes a violation of the Firm’s global risk management principles, policies and standards, or causes a loss of revenue associated with a position on which the employee was paid and the employee operated outside of internal control policies.

Risk Limits Framework

Risk limits and quantitative metrics provide the basis for monitoring risk taking activity and avoiding outsized risk taking. Our risk-taking capacity is sized through the Firm’s capital planning process where losses are estimated under the Firm’s BHC Severely Adverse stress testing scenario. We also maintain a comprehensive suite of risk limits and quantitative metrics to support and implement our risk appetite statement. Our risk limits support linkages between the overall risk appetite, which is reviewed by the Board, and more granular risk-taking decisions and activities.

Risk limits, once established, are reviewed and updated on at least an annual basis, with more frequent updates as necessary. Board-level risk limits address the most important Firmwide aggregations of risk, including, but not limited to, stressed market, credit and liquidity risks. Additional risk limits approved by the FRC address more specific types of risk and are bound by the higher-level Board risk limits.

Risk Management Process

In subsequent sections, we discuss our risk management policies and procedures for our primary risks. This discussion primarily focuses on our Institutional Securities business segment's trading activities and corporate lending and related activities. We believe that these activities generate a substantial portion of our primary risks. These sections and the estimated amounts of our risk exposure generated by our statistical analyses are forward-looking statements. However, the analyses used to assess such risks are not predictions of future events, and actual results may vary significantly from such analyses due to events in the markets in which we operate and certain other factors described in the following paragraphs.

Market Risk

Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, spreads, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio. Generally, we incur market risk as a result of trading, investing and client facilitation activities, principally within the Institutional Securities business segment where the substantial majority of our VaR for market risk exposures is generated. In addition, we incur non-trading market risk, principally within the Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments. The Wealth Management business segment primarily incurs non-trading market risk (including interest rate risk) from lending and deposit-taking activities. The 

Investment Management business segment primarily incurs non-trading market risk from capital investments in alternative and other funds. 

Market risk also includes non-trading interest rate risk. Non-trading interest rate risk in the banking book (amounts classified for regulatory capital purposes under the banking book regime) refers to the exposure that a change in interest rates will result in prospective earnings changes for assets and liabilities in the banking book.

Sound market risk management is an integral part of our culture. The various business units and trading desks are responsible for ensuring that market risk exposures are well-managed and prudent. The control groups help ensure that these risks are measured and closely monitored and are made transparent to senior management. The Market Risk Department is responsible for ensuring the transparency of material market risks, monitoring compliance with established limits and escalating risk concentrations to appropriate senior management.

To execute these responsibilities, the Market Risk Department monitors our risk against limits on aggregate risk exposures, performs a variety of risk analyses, routinely reports risk summaries, and maintains our VaR and scenario analysis systems. Market risk is also monitored through various measures: by use of statistics (including VaR and related analytical measures); by measures of position sensitivity; and through routine stress testing, which measures the impact on the value of existing portfolios of specified changes in market factors and scenarios designed by the Market Risk Department in collaboration with the business units. The material risks identified by these processes are summarized in reports produced by the Market Risk Department that are circulated to and discussed with senior management, the FRC, the BRC and the Board.

Trading Risks

Primary Market Risk Exposures and Market Risk Management

During 2020, we had exposures to a wide range of interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices—and the associated implied volatilities and spreads—related to the global markets in which we conduct our trading activities.

We are exposed to interest rate and credit spread risk as a result of our market-making activities and other trading in interest rate-sensitive financial instruments 
(i.e.,
 risk arising from changes in the level or implied volatility of interest rates, the timing of mortgage prepayments, the shape of the yield curve and/or credit spreads). The activities from which those exposures arise and the markets in which we are active include, but are not limited to, the following: derivatives, corporate and government debt across both developed and 

December 2020 Form 10-K

64

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

emerging markets and asset-backed debt, including mortgage-related securities.

We are exposed to equity price and implied volatility risk as a result of making markets in equity securities and derivatives and maintaining other positions, including positions in non-public entities. Positions in non-public entities may include, but are not limited to, exposures to private equity, venture capital, private partnerships, real estate funds and other funds. Such positions are less liquid, have longer investment horizons and are more difficult to hedge than listed equities.

We are exposed to foreign exchange rate and implied volatility risk as a result of making markets in foreign currencies and foreign currency derivatives, from maintaining foreign exchange positions and from holding non-U.S. dollar-denominated financial instruments.

We are exposed to commodity price and implied volatility risk as a result of market-making activities in commodity products related primarily to electricity, natural gas, oil and precious metals. Commodity exposures are subject to periods of high price volatility as a result of changes in supply and demand. These changes can be caused by weather conditions; physical production and transportation; or geopolitical and other events that affect the available supply and level of demand for these commodities.

We manage our trading positions by employing a variety of risk mitigation strategies. These strategies include diversification of risk exposures and hedging. Hedging activities consist of the purchase or sale of positions in related securities and financial instruments, including a variety of derivative products (
e.g.
, futures, forwards, swaps and options). Hedging activities may not always provide effective mitigation against trading losses due to differences in the terms, specific characteristics or other basis risks that may exist between the hedge instrument and the risk exposure that is being hedged.

We manage the market risk associated with our trading activities on a Firmwide basis, on a worldwide trading division level and on an individual product basis. We manage and monitor our market risk exposures in such a way as to maintain a portfolio that we believe is well-diversified in the aggregate with respect to market risk factors and that reflects our aggregate risk tolerance as established by our senior management.

Aggregate market risk limits have been approved for the Firm across all divisions worldwide. Additional market risk limits are assigned to trading desks and, as appropriate, products and regions. Trading division risk managers, desk risk managers, traders and the Market Risk Department monitor market risk measures against limits in accordance with policies set by our senior management.

Value-at-Risk

The statistical technique known as VaR is one of the tools we use to measure, monitor and review the market risk exposures of our trading portfolios. The Market Risk Department calculates and distributes daily VaR-based risk measures to various levels of management.

We estimate VaR using a model based on a one-year equal weighted historical simulation for general market risk factors and name-specific risk in corporate shares and related derivatives, and Monte Carlo simulation for name-specific risk in bonds, loans and related derivatives. The model constructs a distribution of hypothetical daily changes in the value of trading portfolios based on historical observation of daily changes in key market indices or other market risk factors, and information on the sensitivity of the portfolio values to these market risk factor changes.

VaR for risk management purposes (“Management VaR”) is computed at a 95% level of confidence over a one-day time horizon, which is a useful indicator of possible trading losses resulting from adverse daily market moves. The 95%/one-day VaR corresponds to the unrealized loss in portfolio value that, based on historically observed market risk factor movements, would have been exceeded with a frequency of 5%, or five times in every 100 trading days, if the portfolio were held constant for one day.

Our VaR model generally takes into account linear and non-linear exposures to equity and commodity price risk, interest rate risk, credit spread risk and foreign exchange rates. The model also takes into account linear exposures to implied volatility risks for all asset classes and non-linear exposures to implied volatility risks for equity, commodity and foreign exchange referenced products. The VaR model also captures certain implied correlation risks associated with portfolio credit derivatives, as well as certain basis risks 
(e.g.,
 corporate debt and related credit derivatives).

We use VaR as one of a range of risk management tools. Among their benefits, VaR models permit estimation of a portfolio’s aggregate market risk exposure, incorporating a range of varied market risks and portfolio assets. One key element of the VaR model is that it reflects risk reduction due to portfolio diversification or hedging activities. However, VaR has various limitations, which include, but are not limited to: use of historical changes in market risk factors, which may not be accurate predictors of future market conditions and may not fully incorporate the risk of extreme market events that are outsized relative to observed historical market behavior or reflect the historical distribution of results beyond the 95% confidence interval; and reporting of losses in a single day, which does not reflect the risk of positions that cannot be liquidated or hedged in one day. A small proportion of market risk generated by trading positions is not included in VaR.

65

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

The modeling of the risk characteristics of some positions relies on approximations that, under certain circumstances, could produce significantly different results from those produced using more precise measures. VaR is most appropriate as a risk measure for trading positions in liquid financial markets and will understate the risk associated with severe events, such as periods of extreme illiquidity. We are aware of these and other limitations and, therefore, use VaR as only one component in our risk management oversight process. This process also incorporates stress testing and scenario analyses and extensive risk monitoring, analysis and control at the trading desk, division and Firm levels.

Our VaR model evolves over time in response to changes in the composition of trading portfolios and to improvements in modeling techniques and systems capabilities. We are committed to continuous review and enhancement of VaR methodologies and assumptions in order to capture evolving risks associated with changes in market structure and dynamics. As part of our regular process improvements, additional systematic and name-specific risk factors may be added to improve the VaR model’s ability to more accurately estimate risks to specific asset classes or industry sectors.

Since the reported VaR statistics are estimates based on historical data, VaR should not be viewed as predictive of our future revenues or financial performance or of our ability to monitor and manage risk. There can be no assurance that our actual losses on a particular day will not exceed the VaR amounts indicated in the following tables or that such losses will not occur more than five times in 100 trading days for a 95%/one-day VaR. VaR does not predict the magnitude of losses that, should they occur, may be significantly greater than the VaR amount.

VaR statistics are not readily comparable across firms because of differences in the firms’ portfolios, modeling assumptions and methodologies. These differences can result in materially different VaR estimates across firms for similar portfolios. The impact of such differences varies depending on the factor history assumptions, the frequency with which the factor history is updated and the confidence level. As a result, VaR statistics are more useful when interpreted as indicators of trends in a firm’s risk profile rather than as an absolute measure of risk to be compared across firms.

Our regulators have approved the same VaR model we use for risk management purposes for use in regulatory calculations.

The portfolio of positions used for Management VaR differs from that used for Regulatory VaR. Management VaR contains certain positions that are excluded from Regulatory VaR. 

95%/One-Day Management VaR 

2020

$ in millions

PeriodEnd

Average

High
2

Low
2

Interest rate and credit spread

$

35

$

37

$

62

$

24

Equity price

23

23

39

12

Foreign exchange rate

14

10

19

5

Commodity price

15

17

29

10

Less: Diversification benefit
1

(32)

(43)

N/A

N/A

Primary Risk Categories

$

55

$

44

$

62

$

28

Credit Portfolio

31

22

31

12

Less: Diversification benefit
1

(10)

(12)

N/A

N/A

Total Management VaR

$

76

$

54

$

78

$

32

2019

$ in millions

PeriodEnd

Average

High
2

Low
2

Interest rate and credit spread

$

26 

$

29 

$

43 

$

24 

Equity price

11 

15 

22 

11 

Foreign exchange rate

10 

13 

20 

6 

Commodity price

10 

14 

22 

10 

Less: Diversification benefit
1

(27)

(35)

N/A

N/A

Primary Risk Categories

$

30 

$

36 

$

47 

$

30 

Credit Portfolio

15 

16 

19 

13 

Less: Diversification benefit
1

(10)

(11)

N/A

N/A

Total Management VaR

$

35 

$

41 

$

51 

$

33 

1.
Diversification benefit equals the difference between the total Management VaR and the sum of the component VaRs. This benefit arises because the simulated one-day losses for each of the components occur on different days; similar diversification benefits also are taken into account within each component. 

2.
The high and low VaR values for the total Management VaR and each of the component VaRs might have occurred on different days during the quarter, and therefore, the diversification benefit is not an applicable measure.

Average total Management VaR and Management VaR for the Primary Risk Categories increased from 2019 driven by increased market volatility in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Distribution of VaR Statistics and Net Revenues

We evaluate the reasonableness of our VaR model by comparing the potential declines in portfolio values generated by the model with corresponding actual trading results for the Firm, as well as individual business units. For days where losses exceed the VaR statistic, we examine the drivers of trading losses to evaluate the VaR model’s accuracy relative to realized trading results. There were seven trading loss days in 2020, one of which exceeded 95% Total Management VaR.

December 2020 Form 10-K

66

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

Daily 95%/One-Day Total Management VaR for 2020

($ in millions)

Daily Net Trading Revenues for 2020

($ in millions)

The previous histogram shows the distribution of daily net trading revenues for 2020. Daily net trading revenues include profits and losses from Interest rate and credit spread, Equity price, Foreign exchange rate, Commodity price, and Credit Portfolio positions and intraday trading activities for our trading businesses. Certain items such as fees, commissions and net interest income are excluded from daily net trading revenues and the VaR model. Revenues required for Regulatory VaR backtesting further exclude intraday trading.

Non-Trading Risks

We believe that sensitivity analysis is an appropriate representation of our non-trading risks. The following sensitivity analyses cover substantially all of the non-trading risk in our portfolio.

Credit Spread Risk Sensitivity
1

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Derivatives

$

7

$

6 

Funding liabilities
2

50

42 

1.
Amounts represent the potential gain for each 1 bps widening of our credit spread.

2.
Relates to Borrowings carried at fair value.

Credit spread risk sensitivity for funding liabilities as of December 31, 2020 increased primarily due to new issuances and the effect of our credit spread tightening.

U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ Net Interest Income Sensitivity Analysis

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Basis point change

+100

$

1,540

$

151 

-100

(654)

(642)

The previous table presents an analysis of selected instantaneous upward and downward parallel interest rate shocks (subject to a floor of zero percent in the downward scenario) on net interest income over the next 12 months for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries. These shocks are applied to our 12-month forecast for our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries, which incorporates market expectations of interest rates and our forecasted business activity.

We do not manage to any single rate scenario but rather manage net interest income in our U.S. Bank Subsidiaries to optimize across a range of possible outcomes, including non-parallel rate change scenarios. The sensitivity analysis assumes that we take no action in response to these scenarios, assumes there are no changes in other macroeconomic variables normally correlated with changes in interest rates, and includes subjective assumptions regarding customer and market re-pricing behavior and other factors. The change in sensitivity to interest rates in the positive 100 basis point scenario between December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 is primarily driven by higher deposit balances, expectations for deposit pricing at current levels of rates and incremental assets and liabilities from E*TRADE.

Investments Sensitivity, Including Related Performance Fees

Loss from 10% Decline

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Investments related to Investment 

Management activities

$

386

$

367 

Other investments:

MUMSS

184

169 

Other Firm investments

210

195 

MUMSS—Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd.

We have exposure to public and private companies through direct investments, as well as through funds that invest in these assets. These investments are predominantly equity 

67

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

positions with long investment horizons, a portion of which is for business facilitation purposes. The market risk related to these investments is measured by estimating the potential reduction in net income associated with a 10% decline in investment values and related impact on performance-based fees, as applicable.

Asset Management Revenue Sensitivity

Certain asset management revenues in the Wealth Management and Investment Management business segments are derived from management fees, which are based on fee-based client assets in Wealth Management or AUM in Investment Management (together, “client holdings”). The assets underlying client holdings are primarily composed of equity, fixed income and alternative investments, and are sensitive to changes in related markets. The overall level of these revenues depends on multiple factors that include, but are not limited to, the level and duration of a market increase or decline, price volatility, the geographic and industry mix of client assets, and client behavior such as the rate and magnitude of client investments and redemptions. Therefore, overall revenues do not correlate completely with changes in the related markets.

Credit Risk

Credit risk refers to the risk of loss arising when a borrower, counterparty or issuer does not meet its financial obligations to us. We are primarily exposed to credit risk from institutions and individuals through our Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments. 

We incur credit risk in our Institutional Securities business segment through a variety of activities, including, but not limited to, the following:

•
extending credit to clients through loans and lending commitments;

•
entering into swap or other derivative contracts under which counterparties may have obligations to make payments to us;

•
providing short- or long-term funding that is secured by physical or financial collateral whose value may at times be insufficient to fully cover the repayment amount;

•
posting margin and/or collateral to clearinghouses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks, securities firms and other financial counterparties;

•
placing funds on deposit at other financial institutions to support our clearing and settlement obligations; and

•
investing or trading in securities and loan pools, whereby the value of these assets may fluctuate based on realized or expected defaults on the underlying obligations or loans.

We incur credit risk in our Wealth Management business segment, primarily through lending to individuals and entities, including, but not limited to, the following:

•
margin loans collateralized by securities;

•
securities-based lending and other forms of secured loans, including tailored lending to high and ultra-high net worth clients;

•
single-family residential mortgage loans in conforming, non-conforming or HELOC form primarily to existing Wealth Management clients; and

•
employee loans granted primarily to recruit certain Wealth Management representatives.

Monitoring and Control

The Credit Risk Management Department (“CRM”) establishes Firmwide practices to evaluate, monitor and control credit risk at the transaction, obligor and portfolio levels. CRM approves extensions of credit, evaluates the creditworthiness of the counterparties and borrowers on a regular basis, and helps ensure that credit exposure is actively monitored and managed. The evaluation of counterparties and borrowers includes an assessment of the probability that an obligor will default on its financial obligations and any losses that may occur when an obligor defaults. In addition, credit risk exposure is actively managed by credit professionals and committees within CRM and through various risk committees, whose membership includes individuals from CRM. A comprehensive and global Credit Limits Framework is utilized to manage credit risk levels across the Firm. The Credit Limits Framework is calibrated within our risk tolerance and includes single-name limits and portfolio concentration limits by country, industry and product type.

CRM helps ensure timely and transparent communication of material credit risks, compliance with established limits and escalation of risk concentrations to appropriate senior management. CRM also works closely with the Market Risk Department and applicable business units to monitor risk exposures and to perform stress tests to identify, analyze and control credit risk concentrations arising from lending and trading activities. The stress tests shock market factors (
e.g.
, interest rates, commodity prices, credit spreads), risk parameters (
e.g.,
 probability of default and loss given default), recovery rates and expected losses in order to assess the impact of stresses on exposures, profit and loss, and our capital position. Stress tests are conducted in accordance with our established policies and procedures.

Credit Evaluation

The evaluation of corporate and institutional counterparties and borrowers includes assigning credit ratings, which reflect an assessment of an obligor’s probability of default and loss given default. Credit evaluations typically involve the assessment of financial statements; leverage; liquidity; capital strength; asset composition and quality; market capitalization; access to capital markets; adequacy of collateral, if applicable; and, in the case of certain loans, cash flow projections and debt service requirements. CRM also evaluates strategy, market position, industry dynamics, management and other factors that could affect the obligor’s risk profile. Additionally, CRM evaluates the relative position 

December 2020 Form 10-K

68

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

of our exposure in the borrower’s capital structure and relative recovery prospects, as well as other structural elements of the particular transaction.

The evaluation of consumer borrowers is tailored to the specific type of lending. Securities-based loans are evaluated based on factors that include, but are not limited to, the amount of the loan and the amount, quality, diversification, price volatility and liquidity of the collateral. The underwriting of residential real estate loans includes, but is not limited to, review of the obligor’s debt-to-income ratio, net worth, liquidity, collateral, LTV ratio and industry standard credit scoring models (
e.g.
, FICO scores). Subsequent credit monitoring for individual loans is performed at the portfolio level, and collateral values are monitored on an ongoing basis.

Credit risk metrics assigned to our borrowers during the evaluation process are incorporated into CRM maintenance of the allowance for loan losses for loans held for investment. Such allowance serves as a reserve for probable inherent losses, as well as probable losses related to loans identified as impaired. For more information on the allowance for loan losses, see Notes 2 and 10 to the financial statements.

Risk Mitigation

We may seek to mitigate credit risk from our lending and trading activities in multiple ways, including collateral provisions, guarantees and hedges. At the transaction level, we seek to mitigate risk through management of key risk elements such as size, tenor, financial covenants, seniority and collateral. We actively hedge our lending and derivatives exposures. Hedging activities consist of the purchase or sale of positions in related securities and financial instruments, including a variety of derivative products (
e.g.
, futures, forwards, swaps and options). Additionally, we may sell, assign or syndicate loans and lending commitments to other financial institutions in the primary and secondary loan markets.

In connection with our derivatives trading activities, we generally enter into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties. These agreements provide us with the ability to demand collateral, as well as to liquidate collateral and offset receivables and payables covered under the same master agreement in the event of a counterparty default. A collateral management group monitors collateral levels against requirements and oversees the administration of the collateral function. See Note 9 to the financial statements for additional information about our collateralized transactions.

Loans and Lending Commitments

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

HFI

HFS

FVO

Total

Institutional Securities:

Corporate

$

6,046

$

8,580

$

13

$

14,639

Secured lending facilities

25,727

3,296

648

29,671

Commercial and Residential real estate

7,346

859

3,061

11,266

Securities-based lending and Other

1,279

55

7,001

8,335

Total Institutional Securities

40,398

12,790

10,723

63,911

Wealth Management:

Residential real estate

35,268

11

—

35,279

Securities-based lending and Other

62,947

—

—

62,947

Total Wealth Management

98,215

11

—

98,226

Total Investment Management
1

6

12

425

443

Total loans
2

138,619

12,813

11,148

162,580

ACL

(835)

(835)

Total loans, net of ACL

$

137,784

$

12,813

$

11,148

$

161,745

Lending commitments
3

$

127,855

Total exposure

$

289,600

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

HFI

HFS

FVO

Total

Institutional Securities:

Corporate

$

5,426 

$

6,192 

$

20 

$

11,638 

Secured lending facilities

24,502 

4,200 

951 

29,653 

Commercial and Residential real estate

7,859 

2,049 

3,290 

13,198 

Securities-based lending and Other

503 

123 

6,814 

7,440 

Total Institutional Securities

38,290 

12,564 

11,075 

61,929 

Wealth Management:

Residential real estate

30,184 

13 

— 

30,197 

Securities-based lending and Other

49,930 

— 

— 

49,930 

Total Wealth Management

80,114 

13 

— 

80,127 

Total Investment Management
1

5 

— 

251 

256 

Total loans
2

118,409 

12,577 

11,326 

142,312 

ACL

(349)

(349)

Total loans, net of ACL

$

118,060 

$

12,577 

$

11,326 

$

141,963 

Lending commitments
3

$

120,068 

Total exposure

$

262,031 

HFI—Held for investment; HFS—Held for sale; FVO—Fair value option

Total exposure—consists of Total loans, net of ACL, and Lending commitments

1.
Investment Management business segment loans are related to certain of our activities as an investment advisor and manager. At December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, loans held at fair value are the result of the consolidation of CLO vehicles, managed by Investment Management, composed primarily of senior secured loans to corporations.

2.
FVO also includes the fair value of certain unfunded lending commitments.

3.
Lending commitments represent the notional amount of legally binding obligations to provide funding to clients for lending transactions. Since commitments associated with these business activities may expire unused or may not be utilized to full capacity, they do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements.

We provide loans and lending commitments to a variety of customers, including large corporate and institutional clients, as well as high to ultra-high net worth individuals. In addition, we purchase loans in the secondary market. Loans and lending commitments are either held for investment, held for sale or carried at fair value. For more information on these loan classifications, see Note 2 to the financial statements. 

69

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

In 2020, total loans and lending commitments increased by approximately $28 billion, primarily due to growth in securities-based loans and Residential real estate loans within the Wealth Management business segment and an increase in Relationship lending commitments within the Institutional Securities business segment. 

See Notes 5, 6, 10 and 15 to the financial statements for further information.

Beginning late in the first quarter of 2020 and following in part from the U.S. government’s enactment of the CARES Act, we have received requests from certain clients for modifications of their credit agreements with us, which in some cases include deferral of their loan payments. Initial borrower requests for loan payment deferrals related to Residential real estate loans are granted, while those related to Commercial real estate loans require careful consideration prior to approval. As of December 31, 2020, the outstanding principal balance of loans with approved deferrals of principal and interest payments currently in place which are not classified as troubled debt restructurings amounted to approximately $400 million for our Institutional Securities business segment, primarily Commercial real estate loans, and approximately $400 million for our Wealth Management business segment, primarily commercial real estate-related tailored loans within Securities-based lending and Other, and Residential real estate loans. Incremental to this population, throughout 2020, we have provided deferrals of principal and interest on approximately $2.7 billion of loans which have now exited such modification arrangements. The substantial majority of these loans are current as of December 31, 2020.

In addition to these principal and interest deferrals, we are working with clients regarding modifications of certain other terms under their original loan agreements that do not impact contractual loan payments. We have granted such relief to certain borrowers, primarily within Secured lending facilities and Corporate loans. Such modifications include agreements to modify margin calls for Secured lending facilities, typically in return for additional payments that improve LTV ratios. In some cases, we have agreed to temporarily not enforce certain covenants, for example debt or interest coverage ratios, typically in return for other structural enhancements.

Granting loan deferral or modification requests does not necessarily mean that we will incur credit losses, and we do not believe modifications have had a material impact on the risk profile of our loan portfolio. Modifications are considered in our evaluation of overall credit risk. Generally, loans with payment deferrals remain on accrual status, and loans with other modifications remain on current status.

Requests for deferrals and other modifications could continue in future periods given the ongoing uncertain global economic and market conditions. See “Executive Summary—Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Pandemic” and “Risk Factors” herein for further information. See also “Forward Looking Statements” herein. For additional information on 

regulatory guidance which permits certain loan modifications for borrowers impacted by COVID-19 to not be accounted for and reported as TDRs and the Firm’s accounting policies for such modifications, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Regulatory Developments” herein and Note 2 to the financial statements, respectively. For information on HFI loans on nonaccrual status, see “Status of Loans Held for Investment” herein and Notes 2 and 10 to the financial statements. For HFI loans modified and reported as TDRs, see Notes 2 and 10 to the financial statements.

Allowance for Credit Losses—Loans and Lending Commitments 

$ in millions

December 31, 2019
1

$

590 

Effect of CECL adoption

(41)

Gross charge-offs

(105)

Recoveries

8

Net (charge-offs) recoveries

(97)

Provision
2

762

Other

17

December 31, 2020

$

1,231

ACL—Loans

$

835

ACL—Lending commitments

396

1.
At December 31, 2019, the ACL for Loans and Lending commitments was $349 million and $241 million, respectively.

2.
In 2020, the provision for loan losses was $559 million, and the provision for losses on lending commitments was $203 million.

Credit exposure arising from our loans and lending commitments is measured in accordance with our internal risk management standards. Risk factors considered in determining the aggregate allowance for loan and commitment losses include the borrower’s financial strength, industry, facility structure, LTV ratio, debt service ratio, collateral and covenants. Qualitative and environmental factors such as economic and business conditions, nature and volume of the portfolio and lending terms, and volume and severity of past due loans may also be considered.

The aggregate allowance for loans and lending commitment losses increased in 2020, reflecting the provision for credit losses within the Institutional Securities business segment principally resulting from the continued economic impact of COVID-19, partially offset by charge-offs. The provision was primarily the result of actual and forecasted changes in asset quality trends, as well as risks related to uncertainty in the outlook for the sectors in focus due to COVID-19. Charge-offs in 2020 were primarily related to certain Commercial real estate and Corporate loans in the Institutional Securities business segment. The base scenario used in our ACL models as of December 31, 2020 was generated using a combination of industry consensus economic forecasts, forward rates, and internally developed and validated models. Given the nature of our lending portfolio, the most sensitive model input is U.S. gross domestic product. The base scenario, among other things, assumes a continued recovery through 2021, supported by fiscal stimulus and monetary policy measures. See Notes 10 and 15 to the financial statements for further information. 

December 2020 Form 10-K

70

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

See Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the Firm’s ACL methodology under CECL.

Status of Loans Held for Investment

At December 31, 2020

At December 31, 2019

IS

WM

IS

WM

Accrual

99.2

%

99.7

%

99.0 

%

99.9 

%

Nonaccrual
1

0.8

%

0.3

%

1.0 

%

0.1 

%

1.
These loans are on nonaccrual status because the loans were past due for a period of 90 days or more or payment of principal or interest was in doubt.

Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments
1

At December 31, 2020

Contractual Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Loans

AA

$

279

$

10

$

—

$

—

$

289

A

759

798

36

391

1,984

BBB

5,043

5,726

2,746

469

13,984

BB

10,963

7,749

5,324

503

24,539

Other NIG

5,214

6,956

4,002

3,269

19,441

Unrated
2

141

142

330

2,322

2,935

Total loans

22,399

21,381

12,438

6,954

63,172

Lending commitments

AAA

—

50

—

—

50

AA

4,047

1,038

2,135

—

7,220

A

6,025

8,359

9,808

425

24,617

BBB

6,783

17,782

15,500

460

40,525

BB

4,357

8,958

7,958

3,103

24,376

Other NIG

664

7,275

6,077

2,652

16,668

Unrated
2

4

—

—

—

4

Total lending

commitments

21,880

43,462

41,478

6,640

113,460

Total exposure

$

44,279

$

64,843

$

53,916

$

13,594

$

176,632

At December 31, 2019

Contractual Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Loans

AA

$

7 

$

50 

$

— 

$

5 

$

62 

A

955 

923 

516 

277 

2,671 

BBB

2,297 

5,589 

3,592 

949 

12,427 

BB

9,031 

11,189 

9,452 

1,449 

31,121 

Other NIG

4,020 

5,635 

2,595 

1,143 

13,393 

Unrated
2

117 

82 

131 

1,628 

1,958 

Total loans

16,427 

23,468 

16,286 

5,451 

61,632 

Lending commitments

AAA

— 

50 

— 

— 

50 

AA

2,838 

908 

2,509 

— 

6,255 

A

6,461 

7,287 

9,371 

298 

23,417 

BBB

7,548 

13,780 

20,560 

753 

42,641 

BB

2,464 

5,610 

8,333 

1,526 

17,933 

Other NIG

2,193 

4,741 

7,062 

2,471 

16,467 

Unrated
2

— 

9 

107 

7 

123 

Total lending

commitments

21,504 

32,385 

47,942 

5,055 

106,886 

Total exposure

$

37,931 

$

55,853 

$

64,228 

$

10,506 

$

168,518 

NIG–Non-investment grade

1.
Counterparty credit ratings are internally determined by the Credit Risk Management Department (“CRM”).

2.
Unrated loans and lending commitments are primarily trading positions that are measured at fair value and risk-managed as a component of market risk. For a further discussion of our market risk, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Market Risk” herein.

Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments by Industry

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019

Financials

$

44,358

$

40,992 

Real estate

25,484

28,348 

Industrials

15,861

13,136 

Healthcare

12,650

14,113 

Communications services

12,600

12,165 

Information technology

11,358

9,201 

Consumer discretionary

11,177

9,589 

Energy

10,064

9,461 

Utilities

9,504

9,905 

Consumer staples

9,088

9,724 

Materials

6,084

5,577 

Insurance

3,889

3,755 

Other

4,515

2,552 

Total exposure

$

176,632

$

168,518 

Sectors Currently in Focus due to COVID-19

The continuing effect on economic activity of COVID-19 and related governmental actions have impacted borrowers in many sectors and industries. While we are carefully monitoring all of our Institutional Securities business segment exposures, certain sectors are more sensitive to the current economic environment and are continuing to receive heightened focus. The sectors currently in focus are: retail, air travel, upstream energy, lodging and leisure, and healthcare services and systems. As of December 31, 2020, exposures to these sectors are included across the Industrials, Financials, Real estate, Consumer discretionary, Energy and Healthcare industries in the previous table, and in aggregate represent less than 10% of total Institutional Securities business segment lending exposure. Further, as of December 31, 2020, approximately 90% of these exposures are either investment grade and/or secured by collateral. The future developments of COVID-19 and related government actions and their effect on the economic environment remain uncertain; therefore, the sectors impacted and the extent of the impacts may change over time. Refer to “Risk Factors” herein.

Institutional Securities Lending Activities

The Institutional Securities business segment lending activities include Corporate, Secured lending facilities, Commercial real estate and Securities-based lending and Other. Over 90% of our total lending exposure, which consists of loans and lending commitments, is investment grade and/or secured by collateral. 

Corporate comprises relationship and event-driven loans and lending commitments, which typically consist of revolving lines of credit, term loans and bridge loans; may have varying terms; may be senior or subordinated; may be secured or unsecured; are generally contingent upon representations, warranties and contractual conditions applicable to the borrower; and may be syndicated, traded or hedged. For additional information on event-driven loans, see 

71

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

“Institutional Securities Event-Driven Loans and Lending Commitments” herein.

Secured lending facilities include loans provided to clients, which are collateralized by various assets, including residential and commercial real estate mortgage loans, corporate loans and other assets. These facilities generally provide for overcollateralization. Credit risk with respect to these loans and lending commitments arises from the failure of a borrower to perform according to the terms of the loan agreement and/or a decline in the underlying collateral value. The Firm monitors collateral levels against the requirements of lending agreements. See Note 16 to the financial statements for information about our securitization activities.

Commercial real estate loans are primarily senior, secured by underlying real estate and typically in term loan form. In addition, as part of certain of its trading and securitization activities, Institutional Securities may also hold residential real estate loans.

Securities-based lending and Other includes financing extended to sales and trading customers and corporate loans purchased in the secondary market.

Institutional Securities Event-Driven Loans and Lending Commitments

At December 31, 2020

Contractual Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Loans, net of ACL

$

1,241

$

907

$

873

$

2,090

$

5,111

Lending commitments

2,810

4,649

2,678

4,650

14,787

Total exposure

$

4,051

$

5,556

$

3,551

$

6,740

$

19,898

At December 31, 2019

Contractual Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Loans, net of ACL

$

1,194 

$

1,024 

$

839 

$

390 

$

3,447 

Lending commitments

7,921 

5,012 

2,285 

3,090 

18,308 

Total exposure

$

9,115 

$

6,036 

$

3,124 

$

3,480 

$

21,755 

Event-driven loans and lending commitments are associated with a particular event or transaction, such as to support client merger, acquisition, recapitalization or project finance activities. Balances may fluctuate as such lending is related to transactions that vary in timing and size from period to period.

Institutional Securities Loans and Lending Commitments Held for Investment

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Loans

Lending Commitments

Total

Corporate

$

6,046

$

69,488

$

75,534

Secured lending facilities

25,727

8,312

34,039

Commercial real estate

7,346

334

7,680

Other

1,279

1,135

2,414

Total, before ACL

$

40,398

$

79,269

$

119,667

ACL

$

(739)

$

(391)

$

(1,130)

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Loans

Lending Commitments

Total

Corporate

$

5,426 

$

61,716 

$

67,142 

Secured lending facilities

24,502 

6,105 

30,607 

Commercial real estate

7,859 

425 

8,284 

Other

503 

832 

1,335 

Total, before ACL

$

38,290 

$

69,078 

$

107,368 

ACL

$

(297)

$

(236)

$

(533)

Institutional Securities Allowance for Credit Losses—Loans and Lending Commitments

$ in millions

Corporate 

Secured lending facilities

Commercial real estate

Other

Total

At December 31, 2019

ACL—Loans

$

115 

$

101 

$

75 

$

6 

$

297 

ACL—Lending commitments

$

201 

$

27 

$

7 

$

1 

$

236 

Total

$

316 

$

128 

$

82 

$

7 

$

533 

Effect of CECL adoption

(43)

(53)

35

3

(58)

Gross charge-offs

(39)

—

(64)

—

(103)

Recoveries

4

—

—

4

8

Net (charge-offs) recoveries

(35)

—

(64)

4

(95)

Provision (release)
1

386

158

204

(15)

733

Other

8

3

(35)

41

17

Total at 

December 31, 2020

$

632

$

236

$

222

$

40

$

1,130

ACL—Loans

$

309

$

198

$

211

$

21

$

739

ACL—Lending commitments

323

38

11

19

391

1.
In 2020, the provision for loan losses was $529 million and the provision for losses on lending commitments was $204 million.

Institutional Securities HFI Loans—Ratios of Allowance for Credit Losses to Balance before Allowance

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Corporate

5.1

%

2.1 

%

Secured lending facilities

0.8

%

0.4 

%

Commercial real estate

2.9

%

1.0 

%

Other

1.7

%

1.2 

%

Total Institutional Securities loans

1.8

%

0.8 

%

Wealth Management Loans and Lending Commitments

At December 31, 2020

Contractual Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Securities-based lending and Other loans

$

54,483

$

4,587

$

2,167

$

1,672

$

62,909

Residential real estate loans

9

1

1

35,210

35,221

Total loans, net of ACL

$

54,492

$

4,588

$

2,168

$

36,882

$

98,130

Lending commitments

11,666

2,356

120

253

14,395

Total exposure

$

66,158

$

6,944

$

2,288

$

37,135

$

112,525

December 2020 Form 10-K

72

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

At December 31, 2019

Contractual Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Securities-based lending and Other loans

$

41,863 

$

3,972 

$

2,783 

$

1,284 

$

49,902 

Residential real estate loans

13 

11 

— 

30,149 

30,173 

Total loans, net of ACL

$

41,876 

$

3,983 

$

2,783 

$

31,433 

$

80,075 

Lending commitments

10,219 

2,564 

71 

307 

13,161 

Total exposure

$

52,095 

$

6,547 

$

2,854 

$

31,740 

$

93,236 

The principal Wealth Management business segment lending activities include securities-based lending and residential real estate loans.

Securities-based lending allows clients to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities, generally for any purpose other than purchasing, trading or carrying securities, or refinancing margin debt. We establish approved credit lines against qualifying securities and monitor limits daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, require customers to deposit additional collateral, or reduce debt positions, when necessary. These credit lines are primarily uncommitted loan facilities, as we reserve the right to not make any advances or may terminate these credit lines at any time. Factors considered in the review of these loans include, but are not limited to, the loan amount, the client’s credit profile, the degree of leverage, collateral diversification, price volatility and liquidity of the collateral.

Residential real estate loans consist of first and second lien mortgages, including HELOCs. Our underwriting policy is designed to ensure that all borrowers pass an assessment of capacity and willingness to pay, which includes an analysis utilizing industry standard credit scoring models (
e.g.
, FICO scores), debt-to-income ratios and assets of the borrower. LTV ratios are determined based on independent third-party property appraisals and valuations, and security lien positions are established through title and ownership reports. The vast majority of mortgage loans, including HELOCs, are held for investment in the Wealth Management business segment’s loan portfolio.

In 2020, Loans and Lending commitments associated with the Wealth Management business segment increased, driven by securities-based loans and residential real estate loans.

Wealth Management Allowance for Credit Losses—Loans and Lending Commitments

$ in millions

December 31, 2019
1

$

57 

Effect of CECL adoption

17

Gross charge-offs

(2)

Provision
2

29

December 31, 2020

$

101

ACL—Loans

$

96

ACL—Lending commitments

5

1.
At December 31, 2019, the ACL for Loans and Lending commitments was $52 million and $5 million, respectively.

2.
In 2020 the provision for loan losses was $30 million and the release for losses on lending commitments was $1 million.

At December 31, 2020, more than 75% of Wealth Management residential real estate loans were to borrowers with “Exceptional” or “Very Good” FICO scores (
i.e.
, exceeding 740). Additionally, Wealth Management’s securities-based lending portfolio remains well-collateralized and subject to daily client margining, which includes requiring customers to deposit additional collateral or reduce debt positions, when necessary.

Customer and Other Receivables

Margin and Other Lending

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Institutional Securities

$

51,570

$

22,216 

Wealth Management

23,144

9,700 

Total

$

74,714

$

31,916 

The Institutional Securities and Wealth Management business segments provide margin lending arrangements that allow customers to borrow against the value of qualifying securities, primarily for the purpose of purchasing additional securities, as well as to collateralize short positions. Margin lending activities generally have lower credit risk due to the value of collateral held and their short-term nature. Also included in the amounts in the previous table is non-purpose securities-based lending on non-bank entities in the Wealth Management business segment. Amounts may fluctuate from period to period as overall client balances change as a result of market levels, client positioning and leverage. In addition, margin and other loans in the Wealth Management business segment increased due to the acquisition of E*TRADE.

73

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

Employee Loans

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Currently employed by the Firm

$

3,100

N/A

No longer employed by the Firm

140

N/A

Employee loans

$

3,240

$

2,980 

ACL
1

(165)

(61)

Employee loans, net of ACL

$

3,075

$

2,919 

Remaining repayment term, weighted average in years

5.3

4.8

1.
The change in ACL includes a $124 million increase due to the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020.

Employee loans are granted in conjunction with a program established primarily to recruit certain Wealth Management representatives and are full recourse and generally require periodic repayments. The ACL as of December 31, 2020 was calculated under CECL, while the ACL at December 31, 2019 was calculated under the prior incurred loss model. The related provision is recorded in Compensation and benefits expenses in the income statements. See Note 2 to the financial statements for a description of the CECL allowance methodology, including credit quality indicators, for employee loans. For additional information on employee loans, see Note 10 to the financial statements.

Derivatives

Fair Value of OTC Derivative Assets

Counterparty Credit Rating
1

$ in millions

AAA

AA

A

BBB

NIG

Total

At December 31, 2020

<1 year

$

1,179

$

16,166

$

52,164

$

26,088

$

12,175

$

107,772

1-3 years

572

5,225

17,560

13,750

8,134

45,241

3-5 years

359

4,326

11,328

8,363

4,488

28,864

Over 5 years

4,545

32,049

84,845

63,084

13,680

198,203

Total, gross

$

6,655

$

57,766

$

165,897

$

111,285

$

38,477

$

380,080

Counterparty netting

(3,269)

(44,306)

(134,310)

(84,171)

(22,227)

(288,283)

Cash and securities collateral

(3,124)

(10,973)

(26,712)

(20,708)

(8,979)

(70,496)

Total, net

$

262

$

2,487

$

4,875

$

6,406

$

7,271

$

21,301

Counterparty Credit Rating
1

$ in millions

AAA

AA

A

BBB

NIG

Total

At December 31, 2019

<1 year

$

371 

$

9,195 

$

31,789 

$

22,757 

$

6,328 

$

70,440 

1-3 years

378 

5,150 

17,707 

11,495 

9,016 

43,746 

3-5 years

502 

4,448 

9,903 

6,881 

3,421 

25,155 

Over 5 years

3,689 

24,675 

70,765 

40,542 

14,587 

154,258 

Total, gross

$

4,940 

$

43,468 

$

130,164 

$

81,675 

$

33,352 

$

293,599 

Counterparty netting

(2,172)

(33,521)

(103,452)

(62,345)

(19,514)

(221,004)

Cash and securities collateral

(2,641)

(8,134)

(22,319)

(14,570)

(10,475)

(58,139)

Total, net

$

127 

$

1,813 

$

4,393 

$

4,760 

$

3,363 

$

14,456 

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019

Industry

Financials

$

6,195

$

3,448 

Utilities

3,954

4,275 

Consumer discretionary

1,866

370 

Healthcare

1,494

991 

Industrials

1,291

914 

Information technology

1,104

659 

Energy

965

524 

Regional governments

806

791 

Not-for-profit organizations

701

657 

Sovereign governments

650

403 

Communications services

529

381 

Insurance

518

214 

Materials

430

325 

Real estate

378

315 

Consumer staples

339

129 

Other

81

60 

Total

$

21,301

$

14,456 

1.
Counterparty credit ratings are determined internally by CRM.

We are exposed to credit risk as a dealer in OTC derivatives. Credit risk with respect to derivative instruments arises from the possibility that a counterparty may fail to perform according to the terms of the contract. For a description of our risk mitigation strategies, see “Credit Risk—Risk Mitigation” herein. In 2020, our exposure to credit risk arising from OTC derivatives has increased, primarily as a function of the effect of market factors and volatility on the valuation of our positions, although exposure has declined since peaking in March 2020.

Credit Derivatives

A credit derivative is a contract between a seller and buyer of protection against the risk of a credit event occurring on one or more debt obligations issued by a specified reference entity. The buyer typically pays a periodic premium over the life of the contract and is protected for the period. If a credit event occurs, the seller is required to make payment to the beneficiary based on the terms of the credit derivative contract. Credit events, as defined in the contract, may be one or more of the following defined events: bankruptcy, dissolution or insolvency of the referenced entity, failure to pay, obligation acceleration, repudiation, payment moratorium and restructuring.

We trade in a variety of credit derivatives and may either purchase or write protection on a single name or portfolio of referenced entities. In transactions referencing a portfolio of entities or securities, protection may be limited to a tranche of exposure or a single name within the portfolio. We are an active market maker in the credit derivatives markets. As a market maker, we work to earn a bid-offer spread on client flow business and manage any residual credit or correlation risk on a portfolio basis. Further, we use credit derivatives to manage our exposure to residential and commercial mortgage loans and corporate lending exposures. The effectiveness of 

December 2020 Form 10-K

74

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

our CDS protection as a hedge of our exposures may vary depending upon a number of factors, including the contractual terms of the CDS.

We actively monitor our counterparty credit risk related to credit derivatives. A majority of our counterparties are composed of banks, broker-dealers, insurance and other financial institutions. Contracts with these counterparties may include provisions related to counterparty rating downgrades, which may result in the counterparty posting additional collateral to us. As with all derivative contracts, we consider counterparty credit risk in the valuation of our positions and recognize CVAs as appropriate within Trading revenues in the income statements.

For additional credit exposure information on our credit derivative portfolio, see Note 7 to the financial statements.

Country Risk

Country risk exposure is the risk that events in, or that affect, a foreign country (any country other than the U.S.) might adversely affect us. We actively manage country risk exposure through a comprehensive risk management framework that combines credit and market fundamentals and allows us to effectively identify, monitor and limit country risk.

Our obligor credit evaluation process may also identify indirect exposures, whereby an obligor has vulnerability or exposure to another country or jurisdiction. Examples of indirect exposures include mutual funds that invest in a single country, offshore companies whose assets reside in another country to that of the offshore jurisdiction and finance company subsidiaries of corporations. Indirect exposures identified through the credit evaluation process may result in a reclassification of country risk.

We conduct periodic stress testing that seeks to measure the impact on our credit and market exposures of shocks stemming from negative economic or political scenarios. When deemed appropriate by our risk managers, the stress test scenarios include possible contagion effects and second order risks. This analysis, and results of the stress tests, may result in the amendment of limits or exposure mitigation.

Our sovereign exposures consist of financial contracts and obligations entered into with sovereign and local governments. Our non-sovereign exposures consist of financial contracts and obligations entered into primarily with corporations and financial institutions.

Index credit derivatives are included in the following country risk exposure table. Each reference entity within an index is allocated to that reference entity’s country of risk. Index exposures are allocated to the underlying reference entities in proportion to the notional weighting of each reference entity in the index, adjusted for any fair value receivable or payable 

for that reference entity. Where credit risk crosses multiple jurisdictions, for example, a CDS purchased from an issuer in a specific country that references bonds issued by an entity in a different country, the fair value of the CDS is reflected in the Net Counterparty Exposure row based on the country of the CDS issuer. Further, the notional amount of the CDS adjusted for the fair value of the receivable or payable is reflected in the Net Inventory row based on the country of the underlying reference entity.

Top 10 Non-U.S. Country Exposures at December 31, 2020 

United Kingdom

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

565

$

1,334

$

1,899

Net counterparty exposure
2

45

11,300

11,345

Loans

—

2,929

2,929

Lending commitments

—

7,298

7,298

Exposure before hedges

610

22,861

23,471

Hedges
3

(312)

(1,481)

(1,793)

Net exposure

$

298

$

21,380

$

21,678

Japan

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

4,142

$

715

$

4,857

Net counterparty exposure
2

42

5,073

5,115

Loans

—

409

409

Exposure before hedges

4,184

6,197

10,381

Hedges
3

(91)

(180)

(271)

Net exposure

$

4,093

$

6,017

$

10,110

Germany

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

52

$

148

$

200

Net counterparty exposure
2

243

2,785

3,028

Loans

—

2,202

2,202

Lending commitments

—

4,594

4,594

Exposure before hedges

295

9,729

10,024

Hedges
3

(287)

(893)

(1,180)

Net exposure

$

8

$

8,836

$

8,844

France

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

(596)

$

(65)

$

(661)

Net counterparty exposure
2

20

2,907

2,927

Loans

—

680

680

Lending commitments

—

3,106

3,106

Exposure before hedges

(576)

6,628

6,052

Hedges
3

(6)

(627)

(633)

Net exposure

$

(582)

$

6,001

$

5,419

Spain

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

(520)

$

(40)

$

(560)

Net counterparty exposure
2

14

281

295

Loans

—

3,795

3,795

Lending commitments

—

1,072

1,072

Exposure before hedges

(506)

5,108

4,602

Hedges
3

—

(109)

(109)

Net exposure

$

(506)

$

4,999

$

4,493

75

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

China

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

(148)

$

2,135

$

1,987

Net counterparty exposure
2

98

697

795

Loans

—

545

545

Lending commitments

—

809

809

Exposure before hedges

(50)

4,186

4,136

Hedges
3

(82)

(118)

(200)

Net exposure

$

(132)

$

4,068

$

3,936

Brazil

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

3,101

$

101

$

3,202

Net counterparty exposure
2

—

298

298

Loans

—

199

199

Lending commitments

—

179

179

Exposure before hedges

3,101

777

3,878

Hedges
3

(12)

(15)

(27)

Net exposure

$

3,089

$

762

$

3,851

Ireland

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

9

$

1,060

$

1,069

Net counterparty exposure
2

—

571

571

Loans

—

1,508

1,508

Lending commitments

—

285

285

Exposure before hedges

9

3,424

3,433

Net exposure

$

9

$

3,424

$

3,433

India

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

1,037

$

783

$

1,820

Net counterparty exposure
2

—

863

863

Loans

—

228

228

Exposure before hedges

1,037

1,874

2,911

Net exposure

$

1,037

$

1,874

$

2,911

Australia

$ in millions

Sovereigns

Non-sovereigns

Total

Net inventory
1

$

597

$

377

$

974

Net counterparty exposure
2

17

468

485

Loans

—

345

345

Lending commitments

—

1,222

1,222

Exposure before hedges

614

2,412

3,026

Hedges
3

—

(174)

(174)

Net exposure

$

614

$

2,238

$

2,852

1.
Net inventory represents exposure to both long and short single-name and index positions (
i.e.
, bonds and equities at fair value and CDS based on a notional amount assuming zero recovery adjusted for the fair value of any receivable or payable).

2.
Net counterparty exposure (
e.g
, repurchase transactions, securities lending and OTC derivatives) is net of the benefit of collateral received and also is net by counterparty when legally enforceable master netting agreements are in place. For more information, see “Additional Information—Top 10 Non-U.S. Country Exposures” herein.

3.
Amounts represent net CDS hedges (purchased and sold) on net counterparty exposure and lending executed by trading desks responsible for hedging counterparty and lending credit risk exposures. Amounts are based on the CDS notional amount assuming zero recovery adjusted for any fair value receivable or payable. For further description of the contractual terms for purchased credit protection and whether they may limit the effectiveness of our hedges, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Credit Risk—Derivatives" herein.

Additional Information—Top 10 Non-U.S. Country Exposures

Collateral Held against Net Counterparty Exposure
1

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

Counterparty credit exposure

Collateral
2

Germany

Japan and France

$

14,269

United Kingdom

U.K., U.S. and Spain

11,125

Other

Japan, U.S. and France

21,917

1.
The benefit of collateral received is reflected in the Top 10 Non-U.S. Country Exposures at December 31, 2020.

2.
Primarily consists of cash, as well as government obligations of the countries listed.

Country Risk Exposures Related to the U.K.

At December 31, 2020, our country risk exposures in the U.K. included net exposures of $21,678 million (as shown in the Top 10 Non-U.S. Country Exposures table) and overnight deposits of $9,036 million. The $21,380 million of exposures to non-sovereigns were diversified across both names and sectors and include $12,031 million to U.K.-focused counterparties that generate more than one-third of their revenues in the U.K., $8,788 million to geographically diversified counterparties, and $8,591 million to exchanges and clearinghouses.

In addition to our country risk exposure, we disclose our cross-border risk exposure in “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited).” 

Operational Risk

Operational risk refers to the risk of loss, or of damage to our reputation, resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human factors or from external events (
e.g.
, fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets). We may incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating activities (
e.g.
, sales and trading) and support and control groups (
e.g.
, information technology and trade processing).

We have established an operational risk framework to identify, measure, monitor and control risk across the Firm. Effective operational risk management is essential to reducing the impact of operational risk incidents and mitigating legal, regulatory and reputational risks. The framework is continually evolving to account for changes in the Firm and to respond to the changing regulatory and business environment.

We have implemented operational risk data and assessment systems to monitor and analyze internal and external operational risk events, to assess business environment and internal control factors, and to perform scenario analysis. The collected data elements are incorporated in the operational risk capital model. The model encompasses both quantitative and qualitative elements. Internal loss data and scenario analysis results are direct inputs to the capital model, while 

December 2020 Form 10-K

76

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

external operational incidents, business environment and internal control factors are evaluated as part of the scenario analysis process.

In addition, we employ a variety of risk processes and mitigants to manage our operational risk exposures. These include a governance framework, a comprehensive risk management program and insurance. Operational risks and associated risk exposures are assessed relative to the risk tolerance reviewed and confirmed by the Board and are prioritized accordingly.

The breadth and range of operational risk are such that the types of mitigating activities are wide-ranging. Examples of activities include: continuous enhancement of defenses against cyber attacks; use of legal agreements and contracts to transfer and/or limit operational risk exposures; due diligence; implementation of enhanced policies and procedures; technology change management controls; exception management processing controls; and segregation of duties.

Primary responsibility for the management of operational risk is with the business segments, the control groups and the business managers therein. The business managers maintain processes and controls designed to identify, assess, manage, mitigate and report operational risk. Each of the business segments has a designated operational risk coordinator. The operational risk coordinator regularly reviews operational risk issues and reports to our senior management within each business. Each control group also has a designated operational risk coordinator and a forum for discussing operational risk matters with our senior management. Oversight of operational risk is provided by the Operational Risk Oversight Committee, legal entity risk committees, regional risk committees and senior management. In the event of a merger; joint venture; divestiture; reorganization; or creation of a new legal entity, a new product, or a business activity, operational risks are considered, and any necessary changes in processes or controls are implemented.

The Operational Risk Department provides independent oversight of operational risk and assesses, measures and monitors operational risk against tolerance. The Operational Risk Department works with the divisions and control groups to help ensure a transparent, consistent and comprehensive framework for managing operational risk within each area and across the Firm.

The Operational Risk Department scope includes oversight of technology risk, cybersecurity risk, information security risk, the fraud risk management and prevention program, and third-party risk management (supplier and affiliate risk oversight and assessment).

Cybersecurity

Our cybersecurity and information security policies, procedures, and technologies are designed to protect our own, our client and our employee data against unauthorized 

disclosure, modification or misuse and are also designed to address regulatory requirements. These policies and procedures cover a broad range of areas, including: identification of internal and external threats, access control, data security, protective controls, detection of malicious or unauthorized activity, incident response and recovery planning.

Business Continuity Management and Disaster Recovery

The Fusion Resilience Center’s mission is to understand, prepare for, respond to, recover and learn from operational threats and incidents that impact the Firm, from cyber and fraud to technology incidents, weather events, terror attacks, geopolitical unrest and pandemics. Global programs for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery are designed to mitigate risk and enable recovery from business continuity incidents impacting our people, technology, suppliers and/or facilities. Business units within the Firm maintain business continuity plans, including identifying processes and strategies to continue business-critical processes during a business continuity incident. Business units also test the documented preparation to provide a reasonable expectation that, during a business continuity incident, the business unit will be able to continue its critical business processes and limit the impact of the incident to the Firm and its clients. Technical recovery plans are maintained for critical technology assets and detail the steps to be implemented to recover from a disruption. Disaster Recovery testing is performed to validate the recovery capability of these critical technology assets.

Third-Party Risk Management

In connection with our ongoing operations, we utilize the services of third-party suppliers, which we anticipate will continue and may increase in the future. These services include, for example, outsourced processing and support functions and other professional services. Our risk-based approach to managing exposure to these services includes the performance of due diligence, implementation of service level and other contractual agreements, consideration of operational risks and ongoing monitoring of third-party suppliers’ performance. We maintain and continue to enhance our third-party risk management program which is designed to align with our risk tolerance and meet regulatory requirements. The program includes appropriate governance, policies, procedures and enabling technology. The third-party risk management program includes the adoption of appropriate risk management controls and practices throughout the third-party management life cycle to manage risk of service failure, risk of data loss and reputational risk, among others. 

77

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Risk Disclosures

Model Risk

Model risk refers to the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs. Model risk can lead to financial loss, poor business and strategic decision making or damage to our reputation. The risk inherent in a model is a function of the materiality, complexity and uncertainty around inputs and assumptions.

Model risk is generated from the use of models impacting financial statements, regulatory filings, capital adequacy assessments and the formulation of strategy.

Sound model risk management is an integral part of our Risk Management Framework. The Model Risk Management Department (“MRM”) is a distinct department in Risk Management responsible for the oversight of model risk.

MRM establishes a model risk tolerance in line with our risk appetite. The tolerance is based on an assessment of the materiality of the risk of financial loss or reputational damage due to errors in design, implementation and/or inappropriate use of models. The tolerance is monitored through model-specific and aggregate business-level assessments, which are based upon qualitative and quantitative factors.

A guiding principle for managing model risk is the “effective challenge” of models. The effective challenge of models is defined as critical analysis by objective, informed parties who can identify model limitations and assumptions and drive appropriate changes. MRM provides effective challenge of models, independently validates and approves models for use, annually recertifies models, identifies and tracks remediation plans for model limitations and reports on model risk metrics. The department also oversees the development of controls to support a complete and accurate Firmwide model inventory.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that we will be unable to finance our operations due to a loss of access to the capital markets or difficulty in liquidating our assets. Liquidity risk also encompasses our ability (or perceived ability) to meet our financial obligations without experiencing significant business disruption or reputational damage that may threaten our viability as a going concern. Liquidity risk also encompasses the associated funding risks triggered by the market or idiosyncratic stress events that may negatively affect our liquidity and may impact our ability to raise new funding. Generally, we incur liquidity and funding risk as a result of our trading, lending, investing and client facilitation activities.

Our Liquidity Risk Management Framework is critical to helping ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity reserves and durable funding sources to meet our daily obligations and to withstand unanticipated stress events. The Liquidity Risk Department is a distinct area in Risk Management responsible for the oversight and monitoring of liquidity risk. The 

Liquidity Risk Department ensures transparency of material liquidity and funding risks, compliance with established risk limits and escalation of risk concentrations to appropriate senior management.

To execute these responsibilities, the Liquidity Risk Department establishes limits in line with our risk appetite, identifies and analyzes emerging liquidity and funding risks to ensure such risks are appropriately mitigated, monitors and reports risk exposures against metrics and limits, and reviews the methodologies and assumptions underpinning our Liquidity Stress Tests to ensure sufficient liquidity and funding under a range of adverse scenarios. 

The Treasury Department and applicable business units have primary responsibility for evaluating, monitoring and controlling the liquidity and funding risks arising from our business activities and for maintaining processes and controls to manage the key risks inherent in their respective areas. The Liquidity Risk Department coordinates with the Treasury Department and these business units to help ensure a consistent and comprehensive framework for managing liquidity and funding risk across the Firm. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources” herein.

Legal and Compliance Risk

Legal and compliance risk includes the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, including fines, penalties, judgments, damages and/or settlements, or loss to reputation that we may suffer as a result of failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organization standards and codes of conduct applicable to our business activities. This risk also includes contractual and commercial risk, such as the risk that a counterparty’s performance obligations will be unenforceable. It also includes compliance with AML, terrorist financing, and anti-corruption rules and regulations. We are generally subject to extensive regulation in the different jurisdictions in which we conduct our business (see also “Business—Supervision and Regulation” and “Risk Factors”).

We have established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that our policies relating to business conduct, ethics and practices are followed globally. In addition, we have established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty’s performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law and whether applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws limit or alter contractual remedies. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge for us.

December 2020 Form 10-K

78

Table of Contents

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley:

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Morgan Stanley and subsidiaries (the “Firm”) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated income statements, comprehensive income statements, cash flow statements and statements of changes in total equity for each of the three years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Firm as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 26, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Firm’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Firm’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Firm in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of 

the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Valuation of Level 3 Financial Assets and Liabilities Carried at Fair Value
—
Refer to Note 5 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Firm’s trading and financing activities result in the Firm carrying material financial instruments having limited price transparency. These financial instruments can span a broad array of product types and generally include derivative, security, loan, and borrowing positions. As described in Note 5, these Level 3 financial instruments approximate $18.4 billion and $10.2 billion, respectively, of financial assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2020. Unlike financial instruments whose inputs are readily observable and, therefore, more easily independently corroborated, the valuation of financial instruments classified as Level 3 is inherently subjective and often involves the use of unobservable inputs, as well as proprietary valuation models whose underlying algorithms and valuation methodologies are complex.

We identified the valuation of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value as a critical audit matter given the Firm uses complex valuation models and/or model inputs that are not observable in the marketplace to determine the respective fair values. Performing our audit procedures to evaluate the appropriateness of these models and inputs involved a high degree of auditor judgment, professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, and an increased extent of testing.

79

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the valuation estimate for financial instruments that are classified as Level 3 included the following, among others:

•
We tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Firm’s valuation controls, including model review and price verification, which are designed to test the appropriateness of the Firm’s valuation methodologies as well as the relevant inputs, and assumptions used to determine the fair value estimates.

•
We independently evaluated the appropriateness of management’s significant valuation methodologies, including the input assumptions, considering the expected assumptions of other market participants, and external data, when available.

•
We developed independent valuation estimates for certain financial instrument selections, using externally sourced inputs and independent valuation models, and used such estimates to further evaluate management’s fair value estimate, including comparing the estimate with similar transactions and evaluating the Firm’s assumptions inclusive of the inputs, as applicable.

•
We tested the revenues arising from the trade date valuation estimate for certain structured transactions classified as Level 3 financial instruments. For a selection of such transactions we developed independent valuation estimates to test the valuation inputs and assumptions used by the Firm and evaluated whether the methods were consistent with relevant Firm valuation policies.

•
We assessed the consistency by which management has applied significant and unobservable valuation assumptions.

•
We performed a retrospective assessment of management’s valuation estimates for a sample of financial instrument selections by comparing such estimates to relevant transactions.

Intangible Assets
—
Valuation of Customer Relationship Intangible Assets for the E*TRADE Financial Corporation (“E*TRADE”) Acquisition
—
Refer to Note 3 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

On October 2, 2020, the Firm completed the acquisition of E*TRADE for approximately $11.9 billion. The Firm accounted for the acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including identified intangibles of approximately $3.3 billion. Of the identified intangible assets acquired, the most significant were the customer relationship intangible assets of $2.8 billion. Management, with the assistance of a valuation specialist, estimated the fair value of customer relationship intangible assets using the income approach, which determines the fair value as the present value of forecasted 

future cash flows. The determination of fair value of the assets involves significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasted future cash flows and the selection of the respective discount rate.

We identified the valuation of customer relationship intangible assets as a critical audit matter because the fair value determination requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in determining the forecasted future cash flows including revenue growth rates and attrition rates as well as the selection of the discount rate. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of our valuation specialists.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the valuation of customer relationship intangible assets acquired as part of the E*TRADE acquisition included the following, among others:

•
We tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the valuation methodology used, the determination of forecasted future cash flows, and the selection of the discount rate.

•
We assessed the knowledge, skill, ability and objectivity of management’s valuation specialist and evaluated the work performed.

•
We evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation methodology used and the reasonableness of the forecasted future cash flows for each selected customer relationship intangible asset, specifically the assumptions relating to revenue growth and attrition rates, as well as whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering external market and industry data as well as the past performance of E*TRADE. We also performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the impact of changes in assumptions to the valuation of the customer relationship intangible assets.

•
We tested the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and attrition rates and also tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations.

•
We developed a range of independent estimates of discount rates for the selected customer relationship intangible assets and compared those to the respective discount rate utilized by management.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York

February 26, 2021 

We have served as the Firm’s auditor since 1997.

December 2020 Form 10-K

80

Table of Contents

Consolidated Income Statements

in millions, except per share data

2020

2019

2018

Revenues

Investment banking

$

7,674

$

6,163 

$

6,482 

Trading

13,992

11,095 

11,551 

Investments

986

1,540 

437 

Commissions and fees

4,851

3,919 

4,190 

Asset management

14,272

13,083 

12,898 

Other

110

925 

743 

Total non-interest revenues

41,885

36,725 

36,301 

Interest income

10,162

17,098 

13,892 

Interest expense

3,849

12,404 

10,086 

Net interest

6,313

4,694 

3,806 

Net revenues

48,198

41,419 

40,107 

Non-interest expenses

Compensation and benefits

20,854

18,837 

17,632 

Brokerage, clearing and exchange fees

2,929

2,493 

2,393 

Information processing and communications

2,465

2,194 

2,016 

Professional services

2,205

2,137 

2,265 

Occupancy and equipment

1,559

1,428 

1,391 

Marketing and business development

434

660 

691 

Other

3,334

2,369 

2,482 

Total non-interest expenses

33,780

30,118 

28,870 

Income before provision for income taxes

14,418

11,301 

11,237 

Provision for income taxes

3,239

2,064 

2,350 

Income from continuing operations

11,179

9,237 

8,887 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes

—

— 

(4)

Net income

$

11,179

$

9,237 

$

8,883 

Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

183

195 

135 

Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

10,996

$

9,042 

$

8,748 

Preferred stock dividends and other

496

530 

526 

Earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders

$

10,500

$

8,512 

$

8,222 

Earnings per common share

Basic

$

6.55

$

5.26 

$

4.81 

Diluted

6.46

5.19 

4.73 

Average common shares outstanding

Basic

1,603

1,617 

1,708 

Diluted

1,624

1,640 

1,738 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

81

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statements

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Net income

$

11,179

$

9,237 

$

8,883 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Foreign currency translation adjustments

170

3 

(90)

Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities

1,580

1,137 

(272)

Pension and other

146

(66)

137 

Change in net debt valuation adjustment

(1,028)

(1,639)

1,517 

Total other comprehensive income (loss)

$

868

$

(565)

$

1,292 

Comprehensive income

$

12,047

$

8,672 

$

10,175 

Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

183

195 

135 

Other comprehensive income (loss) applicable to noncontrolling interests

42

(69)

87 

Comprehensive income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

11,822

$

8,546 

$

9,953 

December 2020 Form 10-K

82

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Table of Contents

Consolidated Balance Sheets

$ in millions, except share data

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

105,654

$

82,171 

Trading assets at fair value (
$132,578

 and $128,386 were pledged to various parties)

312,738

297,110 

Investment securities (includes 
$110,383

 and $62,223 at fair value)

182,154

105,725 

Securities purchased under agreements to resell (includes 
$15

 and $4 at fair value)

116,234

88,224 

Securities borrowed

112,391

106,549 

Customer and other receivables

97,737

55,646 

Loans:

Held for investment (net of allowance of 
$835

 and $349)

137,784

118,060 

Held for sale

12,813

12,577 

Goodwill

11,635

7,143 

Intangible assets (net of accumulated amortization of 
$3,265

 and $3,204)

4,980

2,107 

Other assets

21,742

20,117 

Total assets

$

1,115,862

$

895,429 

Liabilities

Deposits (includes 
$3,521 

and $2,099 at fair value)

$

310,782

$

190,356 

Trading liabilities at fair value

157,631

133,356 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (includes 
$1,115

 and $733 at fair value)

50,587

54,200 

Securities loaned

7,731

8,506 

Other secured financings (includes 
$11,701

 and $7,809 at fair value)

15,863

14,698 

Customer and other payables

227,437

197,834 

Other liabilities and accrued expenses

25,603

21,155 

Borrowings (includes 
$73,701

 and $64,461 at fair value)

217,079

192,627 

Total liabilities

1,012,713

812,732 

Commitments and contingent liabilities (see Note 15)

Equity

Morgan Stanley shareholders’ equity:

Preferred stock

9,250

8,520 

Common stock, $0.01
 par value:

Shares authorized: 
3,500,000,000

; Shares issued: 
2,038,893,979

; Shares outstanding: 
1,809,624,144

 and 1,593,973,680

20

20 

Additional paid-in capital

25,546

23,935 

Retained earnings

78,694

70,589 

Employee stock trusts

3,043

2,918 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(1,962)

(2,788)

Common stock held in treasury at cost, $0.01
 par value (

229,269,835

 and 444,920,299 shares)

(9,767)

(18,727)

Common stock issued to employee stock trusts

(3,043)

(2,918)

Total Morgan Stanley shareholders’ equity

101,781

81,549 

Noncontrolling interests

1,368

1,148 

Total equity

103,149

82,697 

Total liabilities and equity

$

1,115,862

$

895,429 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

83

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Total Equity

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Preferred Stock

Beginning balance

$

8,520 

$

8,520 

$

8,520 

Issuance of preferred stock
1

730

500 

— 

Redemption of preferred stock
2

—

(500)

— 

Ending balance

9,250

8,520 

8,520 

Common Stock

Beginning and ending balance

20

20 

20 

Additional Paid-in Capital

Beginning balance

23,935 

23,794 

23,545 

Share-based award activity

518

131 

249 

Issuance of preferred stock

—

(3)

— 

Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of E*TRADE
1

1,093

— 

— 

Other net increases (decreases)

—

13 

— 

Ending balance

25,546

23,935 

23,794 

Retained Earnings

Beginning balance

70,589 

64,175 

57,577 

Cumulative adjustments for accounting changes
3

(100)

63 

306 

Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

10,996

9,042 

8,748 

Preferred stock dividends
4

(496)

(524)

(526)

Common stock dividends
4

(2,295)

(2,161)

(1,930)

Other net increases (decreases)

—

(6)

— 

Ending balance

78,694

70,589 

64,175 

Employee Stock Trusts

Beginning balance

2,918 

2,836 

2,907 

Share-based award activity

125

82 

(71)

Ending balance

3,043

2,918 

2,836 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Beginning balance

(2,788)

(2,292)

(3,060)

Cumulative adjustments for accounting changes
3

—

— 

(437)

Net change in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

826

(496)

1,205 

Ending balance

(1,962)

(2,788)

(2,292)

Common Stock Held in Treasury at Cost

Beginning balance

(18,727)

(13,971)

(9,211)

Share-based award activity

932

1,198 

806 

Repurchases of common stock and employee tax withholdings

(1,890)

(5,954)

(5,566)

Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of E*TRADE
1

9,918

— 

— 

Ending balance

(9,767)

(18,727)

(13,971)

Common Stock Issued to Employee Stock Trusts

Beginning balance

(2,918)

(2,836)

(2,907)

Share-based award activity

(125)

(82)

71 

Ending balance

(3,043)

(2,918)

(2,836)

Noncontrolling Interests

Beginning balance

1,148 

1,160 

1,075 

Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

183

195 

135 

Net change in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) applicable to noncontrolling interests

42

(69)

87 

Other net increases (decreases)

(5)

(138)

(137)

Ending balance

1,368

1,148 

1,160 

Total Equity

$

103,149

$

82,697 

$

81,406 

1.
The 2020 issuances of Preferred and Common Stock were related to the acquisition of E*TRADE. See Notes 3 and 18 for further information.

2.
See Note 18 for information regarding the notice of redemption and reclassification of Series G Preferred Stock.

3.
See Notes 2 and 18 for further information regarding cumulative adjustments for accounting changes.

4.
See Note 18 for information regarding dividends per share for each class of stock.

December 2020 Form 10-K

84

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Table of Contents

Consolidated Cash Flow Statements

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Cash flows from operating activities

Net income

$

11,179

$

9,237 

$

8,883 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities:

Deferred income taxes

(250)

165 

449 

Stock-based compensation expense

1,312

1,153 

920 

Depreciation and amortization

3,769

2,643 

1,844 

Provision for (Release of) credit losses on lending activities

762

162 

(15)

Other operating adjustments

274

(195)

199 

Changes in assets and liabilities:

Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities

15,550

(13,668)

23,732 

Securities borrowed

(5,076)

9,764 

7,697 

Securities loaned

(1,541)

(3,402)

(1,684)

Customer and other receivables and other assets

(29,774)

233 

(728)

Customer and other payables and other liabilities

10,187

19,942 

(13,063)

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

(28,010)

10,298 

(14,264)

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

(3,613)

4,441 

(6,665)

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities

(25,231)

40,773 

7,305 

Cash flows from investing activities

Proceeds from (payments for):

Other assets—Premises, equipment and software, net

(1,444)

(1,826)

(1,865)

Changes in loans, net

(17,949)

(17,359)

(8,794)

Investment securities:

Purchases

(59,777)

(42,586)

(27,800)

Proceeds from sales

13,750

17,151 

3,208 

Proceeds from paydowns and maturities

24,517

12,012 

12,668 

Cash acquired as part of the E*TRADE acquisition

3,807

— 

— 

Other investing activities

(802)

(953)

(298)

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities

(37,898)

(33,561)

(22,881)

Cash flows from financing activities

Net proceeds from (payments for):

Other secured financings

2,794

3,695 

(1,226)

Deposits

75,417

2,513 

28,384 

Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs

—

497 

—

Proceeds from issuance of Borrowings

60,726

30,605 

40,059 

Payments for:

Borrowings

(50,484)

(40,548)

(34,781)

Repurchases of common stock and employee tax withholdings

(1,890)

(5,954)

(5,566)

Cash dividends

(2,739)

(2,627)

(2,375)

Other financing activities

(40)

(147)

(290)

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities

83,784

(11,966)

24,205 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

2,828

(271)

(1,828)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

23,483

(5,025)

6,801 

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period

82,171

87,196 

80,395 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period

$

105,654

$

82,171 

$

87,196 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information

Cash payments for:

Interest

$

4,120

$

12,511 

$

9,977 

Income taxes, net of refunds

2,591

1,908 

1,377 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

85

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1. Introduction and Basis of Presentation 

The Firm

Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments—Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. Morgan Stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Morgan Stanley” or the “Firm” mean Morgan Stanley (the “Parent Company”) together with its consolidated subsidiaries. See the “Glossary of Common Terms and Acronyms” for the definition of certain terms and acronyms used throughout this Form 10-K.

A description of the clients and principal products and services of each of the Firm’s business segments is as follows:

Institutional Securities provides investment banking, sales and trading, lending and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high to ultra-high net worth clients. Investment banking services consist of capital raising and financial advisory services, including services relating to the underwriting of debt, equity and other securities, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, real estate and project finance. Sales and trading services include sales, financing, prime brokerage and market-making activities in the equity and fixed income businesses. Lending activities include originating corporate loans and commercial real estate loans, providing secured lending facilities, and extending financing to sales and trading customers. Other activities include Asia wealth management services, investments and research.

Wealth Management provides a comprehensive array of financial services and solutions to individual investors and small to medium-sized businesses and institutions covering: financial advisor-led brokerage and investment advisory services; self-directed brokerage services, including through the E*TRADE platform; financial and wealth planning services; workplace services including stock plan administration; annuity and insurance products; securities-based lending, residential real estate loans and other lending products; banking; and retirement plan services.

Investment Management provides a broad range of investment strategies and products that span geographies, asset classes, and public and private markets to a diverse group of clients across institutional and intermediary channels. Strategies and products, which are offered through a variety of investment vehicles, include equity, fixed income, liquidity and alternative/other products. Institutional clients include defined benefit/defined contribution plans, foundations, endowments, government 

entities, sovereign wealth funds, insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors and corporations. Individual clients are generally served through intermediaries, including affiliated and non-affiliated distributors.

Basis of Financial Information

The financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires the Firm to make estimates and assumptions regarding the valuations of certain financial instruments, the valuations of goodwill and intangible assets, the outcome of legal and tax matters, deferred tax assets, ACL, and other matters that affect its financial statements and related disclosures. The Firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

Certain reclassifications have been made to prior periods to conform to the current presentation. The Notes are an integral part of the Firm's financial statements. The Firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in these financial statements through the date of this report and has not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported in these financial statements or the notes thereto.

Consolidation

The financial statements include the accounts of the Firm, its wholly owned subsidiaries and other entities in which the Firm has a controlling financial interest, including certain VIEs (see Note 16). Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. For consolidated subsidiaries that are not wholly owned, the third-party holdings of equity interests are referred to as Noncontrolling interests. The net income attributable to Noncontrolling interests for such subsidiaries is presented as Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests in the income statements. The portion of shareholders’ equity that is attributable to noncontrolling interests for such subsidiaries is presented as noncontrolling interests, a component of Total equity, in the balance sheets.

For entities where the total equity investment at risk is sufficient to enable the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support and the equity holders bear the residual economic risks and returns of the entity and have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly affect its economic performance, the Firm consolidates those entities it controls either through a majority voting interest or otherwise. For VIEs (
i.e.
, entities that do not meet the aforementioned criteria), the Firm consolidates those entities where it has the power to make the decisions that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE.

December 2020 Form 10-K

86

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For investments in entities in which the Firm does not have a controlling financial interest but has significant influence over operating and financial decisions, it applies the equity method of accounting with net gains and losses recorded within Other revenues (see Note 12) unless the Firm has elected to measure the investment at fair value, in which case net gains and losses are recorded within Investments revenues (see Note 5).

Equity and partnership interests held by entities qualifying for accounting purposes as investment companies are carried at fair value.

The Firm’s significant regulated U.S. and international subsidiaries include:

•
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (“MS&Co.”),

•
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (“MSSB”),

•
Morgan Stanley Europe SE (“MSESE”), 

•
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (“MSIP”),

•
Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (“MSBNA”),

•
Morgan Stanley Private Bank, National Association (“MSPBNA”),

•
E*TRADE Bank (“ETB”),

•
E*TRADE Savings Bank (“ETSB”) and

•
E*TRADE Securities LLC

2. Significant Accounting Policies 

Revenue Recognition

Revenues are recognized when the promised goods or services are delivered to our customers, in an amount that is based on the consideration the Firm expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services when such amounts are not probable of significant reversal. 

Investment Banking

Revenues from investment banking activities consist of revenues earned from underwriting, primarily equity and fixed income securities and loan syndications, and advisory fees, primarily for mergers, acquisitions and restructurings. 

Underwriting revenues are generally recognized on trade date if there is no uncertainty or contingency related to the amount to be paid. Underwriting costs are deferred and recognized in the relevant non-interest expenses line items when the related underwriting revenues are recorded.

Advisory fees are recognized as advice is provided to the client, based on the estimated progress of work and when revenues are not probable of a significant reversal. Advisory costs are recognized as incurred in the relevant non-interest expenses line items, including those reimbursed.

Commissions and Fees

Commission and fee revenues generally result from transaction-based arrangements in which the client is charged a fee for the execution of transactions. Such revenues 

primarily arise from transactions in equity securities; services related to sales and trading activities; and sales of mutual funds, alternative funds, futures, insurance products and options, as well as revenues from order flow payments for directing customer orders to broker-dealers, exchanges, and market centers for execution. Commission and fee revenues are recognized on trade date when the performance obligation is satisfied.

Asset Management Revenues

Asset management, distribution and administration fees are generally based on related asset levels being managed, such as the AUM of a customer’s account or the net asset value of a fund. These fees are generally recognized when services are performed and the fees become known. Management fees are reduced by estimated fee waivers and expense caps, if any, provided to the customer.

Performance-based fees not in the form of carried interest are recorded when the annual performance target is met and the revenues are not probable of a significant reversal.

Sales commissions paid by the Firm in connection with the sale of certain classes of shares of its open-end mutual fund products are accounted for as deferred commission assets and amortized to expense over the expected life of the contract. The Firm periodically tests deferred commission assets for recoverability based on cash flows expected to be received in future periods. Other asset management and distribution costs are recognized as incurred in the relevant non-interest expenses line items.

Carried Interest

The Firm is entitled to receive performance-based fees in the form of carried interest when the return in certain funds exceeds specified performance targets. When the Firm earns carried interest from funds as specified performance thresholds are met, that carried interest and any related general or limited partner interest is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and measured based on the Firm’s claim on the NAV of the fund at the reporting date, taking into account the distribution terms applicable to the interest held.

See Note 23 for information regarding the net cumulative unrealized amount of performance-based fee revenues at risk of reversal. See Note 15 for information regarding general partner guarantees, which include potential obligations to return performance fee distributions previously received.

Other Items

Revenues from certain commodities-related contracts are recognized as the promised goods or services are delivered to the customer.

Receivables from contracts with customers are recognized in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheets when 

87

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

the underlying performance obligations have been satisfied and the Firm has the right per the contract to bill the customer. Contract assets are recognized in Other assets when the Firm has satisfied its performance obligations but customer payment is conditional. Contract liabilities are recognized in Other liabilities when the Firm has collected payment from a customer based on the terms of the contract, but the underlying performance obligations are not yet satisfied.

For contracts with a term of less than one year, incremental costs to obtain the contract are expensed as incurred. Revenues are not discounted when payment is expected within one year.

The Firm generally presents, net within revenues, taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected by the Firm from a customer.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Instruments within Trading assets and Trading liabilities are measured at fair value, either as required or allowed by accounting guidance. These financial instruments primarily represent the Firm’s trading and investment positions and include both cash and derivative products. In addition, securities classified as AFS are measured at fair value.

Gains and losses on instruments carried at fair value are reflected in Trading revenues, Investments revenues or Investment banking revenues in the income statements, except for AFS securities (see “Available-for-Sale (“AFS”) Investment Securities” section herein and Note 8) and derivatives accounted for as hedges (see “Hedge Accounting” herein and Note 7). 

Interest income and interest expense are recorded within the income statements depending on the nature of the instrument and related market conventions. When interest is included as a component of the instruments’ fair value, interest is recorded within Trading revenues or Investments revenues. Otherwise, it is recorded within Interest income or Interest expense. Dividend income is recorded in Trading revenues or Investments revenues depending on the business activity.

The fair value of OTC financial instruments, including derivative contracts related to financial instruments and commodities, is presented in the accompanying balance sheets on a net-by-counterparty basis, when appropriate. Additionally, the Firm nets the fair value of cash collateral paid or received against the fair value amounts recognized for net derivative positions executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting agreement.

Fair Value Option

The Firm has elected to measure certain eligible instruments at fair value, including Securities purchased under agreements to resell, Loans and lending commitments, equity method 

investments and certain other assets, Deposits, Securities sold under agreements to repurchase, Other secured financings and Borrowings.

Fair Value Measurement—Definition and Hierarchy

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (
i.e.,
 the “exit price”) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are not readily available, assumptions are set to reflect those that the Firm believes market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Where the Firm manages a group of financial assets, financial liabilities, and nonfinancial items accounted for as derivatives on the basis of its net exposure to either market risks or credit risk, the Firm measures the fair value of that group of financial instruments consistently with how market participants would price the net risk exposure at the measurement date.

In determining fair value, the Firm uses various valuation approaches and establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that requires the most observable inputs be used when available.

Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability that were developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Firm. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect assumptions the Firm believes other market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability that are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the observability of inputs as follows, with Level 1 being the highest and Level 3 being the lowest level:

Level 1. 
   Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets that the Firm has the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities. Valuation adjustments, block discounts and discounts for entity-specific restrictions that would not transfer to market participants are not applied to Level 1 instruments. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these products does not entail a significant degree of judgment.

Level 2.
    Valuations based on one or more quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly.

Level 3. 
   Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.

The availability of observable inputs can vary from product to product and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including 

December 2020 Form 10-K

88

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

the type of product, whether the product is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets and other characteristics particular to the product. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Firm in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

The Firm considers prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including during periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many instruments. This condition could cause an instrument to be reclassified from Level 1 to Level 2 or from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the total fair value amount is disclosed in the level appropriate for the lowest level input that is significant to the total fair value of the asset or liability.

Valuation Techniques

Many cash instruments and OTC derivative contracts have bid and ask prices that can be observed in the marketplace. Bid prices reflect the highest price that a party is willing to pay for an asset. Ask prices represent the lowest price that a party is willing to accept for an asset. The Firm carries positions at the point within the bid-ask range that meets its best estimate of fair value. For offsetting positions in the same financial instrument, the same price within the bid-ask spread is used to measure both the long and short positions.

Fair value for many cash instruments and OTC derivative contracts is derived using pricing models. Pricing models take into account the contract terms, as well as multiple inputs, including, where applicable, commodity prices, equity prices, interest rate yield curves, credit curves, correlation, creditworthiness of the counterparty, creditworthiness of the Firm, option volatility and currency rates.

Where appropriate, valuation adjustments are made to account for various factors such as liquidity risk (bid-ask adjustments), credit quality, model uncertainty and concentration risk and funding. Adjustments for liquidity risk adjust model-derived mid-market amounts of Level 2 and Level 3 financial instruments for the bid-mid or mid-ask spread required to properly reflect the exit price of a risk position. Bid-mid and mid-ask spreads are marked to levels observed in trade activity, broker quotes or other external third-party data. Where these spreads are unobservable for the particular position in question, spreads are derived from observable levels of similar positions.

The Firm applies credit-related valuation adjustments to its Borrowings for which the fair value option was elected and to 

OTC derivatives. The Firm considers the impact of changes in its own credit spreads based upon observations of the secondary bond market spreads when measuring the fair value for Borrowings.

For OTC derivatives, the impact of changes in both the Firm’s and the counterparty’s credit rating is considered when measuring fair value. In determining the expected exposure, the Firm simulates the distribution of the future exposure to a counterparty, then applies market-based default probabilities to the future exposure, leveraging external third-party CDS spread data. Where CDS spread data are unavailable for a specific counterparty, bond market spreads, CDS spread data based on the counterparty’s credit rating or CDS spread data that reference a comparable counterparty may be utilized. The Firm also considers collateral held and legally enforceable master netting agreements that mitigate its exposure to each counterparty.

Adjustments for model uncertainty are taken for positions whose underlying models are reliant on significant inputs that are neither directly nor indirectly observable, hence requiring reliance on established theoretical concepts in their derivation. These adjustments are derived by making assessments of the possible degree of variability using statistical approaches and market-based information where possible.

The Firm may apply concentration adjustments to certain of its OTC derivative portfolios to reflect the additional cost of closing out a particularly large risk exposure. Where possible, these adjustments are based on observable market information, but in many instances, significant judgment is required to estimate the costs of closing out concentrated risk exposures due to the lack of liquidity in the marketplace.

The Firm applies an FVA in the fair value measurements of OTC uncollateralized or partially collateralized derivatives and in collateralized derivatives where the terms of the agreement do not permit the reuse of the collateral received. In general, FVA reflects a market funding risk premium inherent in the noted derivative instruments. The methodology for measuring FVA leverages the Firm’s existing credit-related valuation adjustment calculation methodologies, which apply to both assets and liabilities.

See Note 5 for a description of valuation techniques applied to the major categories of financial instruments measured at fair value.

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis

Certain of the Firm’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The Firm incurs losses or gains for any adjustments of these assets or liabilities to fair value.

For assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, fair value is determined by using various 

89

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

valuation approaches. The same hierarchy for inputs as described above, which requires that observable inputs be used when available, is used in measuring fair value for these items.

For further information on financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis, see Note 5.

Offsetting of Derivative Instruments

In connection with its derivative activities, the Firm generally enters into master netting agreements and collateral agreements with its counterparties. These agreements provide the Firm with the right, in the event of a default by the counterparty, to net a counterparty’s rights and obligations under the agreement and to liquidate and set off cash collateral against any net amount owed by the counterparty. Derivatives with enforceable master netting agreements are reported net of cash collateral received and posted.

However, in certain circumstances, the Firm may not have such an agreement in place; the relevant insolvency regime may not support the enforceability of the master netting agreement or collateral agreement; or the Firm may not have sought legal advice to support the enforceability of the agreement. In cases where the Firm has not determined an agreement to be enforceable, the related amounts are not offset (see Note 7).

The Firm’s policy is generally to receive cash and/or securities posted as collateral (with rights of rehypothecation), irrespective of the enforceability determination regarding the master netting and collateral agreement. In certain cases, the Firm may agree for such collateral to be posted to a third-party custodian under a control agreement that enables it to take control of such collateral in the event of a counterparty default. The enforceability of the master netting agreement is taken into account in the Firm’s risk management practices and application of counterparty credit limits.

For information related to offsetting of derivatives, see Note 7.

Hedge Accounting

The Firm applies hedge accounting using various derivative financial instruments for the following types of hedges: hedges of changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities due to the risk being hedged (fair value hedges); and hedges of net investments in foreign operations whose functional currency is different from the reporting currency of the Parent Company (net investment hedges). These financial instruments are included within Trading assets—Derivative and other contracts or Trading liabilities—Derivative and other contracts in the balance sheets. For hedges where hedge accounting is being applied, the Firm performs effectiveness testing and other procedures.

Fair Value Hedges—Interest Rate Risk

The Firm’s designated fair value hedges consist of interest rate swaps designated as hedges of changes in the benchmark interest rate of certain fixed rate AFS securities and senior borrowings. In the fourth quarter of 2019, the Firm also began designating interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of changes in the benchmark interest rate of certain fixed rate deposits. The Firm is permitted to hedge the full, or part of the, contractual term of the hedged instrument. The Firm uses regression analysis to perform an ongoing prospective and retrospective assessment of the effectiveness of these hedging relationships. A hedging relationship is deemed effective if the change in fair value of the hedging instrument (derivative) and the change in fair value of the hedged item (AFS security, deposit liability or borrowing), due to changes in the benchmark interest rate, offset within a range of 80% to 
125%. The Firm considers the impact of valuation adjustments related to counterparty credit spreads and its own credit spreads to determine whether they would cause the hedging relationship to be ineffective.

For qualifying fair value hedges of benchmark interest rates, the change in the fair value of the derivative, offset by the change in the fair value attributable to the change in the benchmark interest rate risk of the hedged asset (liability), is recognized in earnings each period as a component of Interest income (expense). For AFS securities, the change in fair value of the hedged item due to changes other than the risk being hedged will continue to be reported in OCI. When a derivative is de-designated as a hedge, any basis adjustment remaining on the hedged asset (liability) is amortized to Interest income (expense) over the remaining life of the asset (liability) using the effective interest method.

Net Investment Hedges

The Firm uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage a portion of the currency exposure relating to its net investments in foreign operations. To the extent that the notional amounts of the hedging instruments equal the portion of the investments being hedged and the underlying exchange rate of the derivative hedging instrument is the same as the exchange rate between the functional currency of the investee and the intermediate parent entity’s functional currency, it is considered to be perfectly effective, with no income statement recognition. The gain or loss from revaluing hedges of net investments in foreign operations at the spot rate is reported within AOCI. The forward points on the hedging instruments are excluded from hedge effectiveness testing and changes in the fair value of this excluded component are recorded currently in Interest income.

For further information on derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 7.

AFS Investment Securities

AFS securities are reported at fair value in the balance sheets. Interest income, including amortization of premiums and 

December 2020 Form 10-K

90

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

accretion of discounts, is included in Interest income in the Income statements. Unrealized gains are recorded in OCI and unrealized losses are recorded either in OCI or in Other revenues as described below.

AFS securities in an unrealized loss position are first evaluated to determine whether there is an intent to sell or it is more likely than not the Firm will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis. If so, the amortized cost basis is written down to the fair value of the security such that the entire unrealized loss is recognized in Other revenues and any previously established ACL is written off.

For all other AFS securities in an unrealized loss position, any portion of unrealized losses representing a credit loss is recognized in Other revenues and as an increase to the ACL for AFS securities, with the remainder of unrealized losses recognized in OCI. A credit loss exists if the Firm does not expect to recover the amortized cost basis of the security. When considering whether a credit loss exists, the Firm considers relevant information, including:

•
guarantees (implicit or explicit) by the U.S. Government;

•
the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized cost basis;

•
adverse conditions specifically related to the security, its industry or geographic area;

•
changes in the financial condition of the issuer of the security, or, in the case of an asset-backed debt security, changes in the financial condition of the underlying loan obligors;

•
the payment structure of the debt security and the likelihood of the issuer being able to make payments that increase in the future;

•
failure of the issuer of the security to make scheduled interest or principal payments;

•
the current rating and any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency.

If a credit loss exists, the Firm measures the credit loss as the difference between the present value of cash flows expected to be collected (discounted at the implicit interest rate at acquisition of the security or discounted at the effective yield for securities that incorporate changes in prepayment assumptions) and the amortized cost basis of the security. Changes in prepayment assumptions alone are not considered to result in a credit loss. When estimating the present value of expected cash flows, information utilized includes the remaining payment terms of the security, prepayment speeds, financial condition of the issuer, expected defaults and the value of any underlying collateral.

Presentation of ACL and Provision for Credit Losses

ACL

Provision for Credit Losses

AFS securities

Contra Investment securities

Other revenue

Nonaccrual & ACL Charge-offs on AFS Securities

AFS securities follow the same nonaccrual and write-off guidance as discussed in “Allowance for Credit Losses” herein, except as set forth in “Modifications and Nonaccrual Status for Borrowers Impacted by COVID-19” herein.

HTM Securities

HTM securities are reported at amortized cost, net of any ACL, in the balance sheets. Refer to “Allowance for Credit Losses” herein for guidance on the ACL determination. Interest income, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on HTM securities, is included in Interest income in the income statements.

Loans

The Firm accounts for loans based on the following categories: loans held for investment; loans held for sale; and loans at fair value.

Nonaccrual

All loan categories described below follow the same nonaccrual and write-off guidance as discussed in “Allowance for Credit Losses” herein.

Loans Held for Investment

Loans held for investment are reported at outstanding principal adjusted for any charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, any unamortized deferred fees or costs for originated loans, and any unamortized premiums or discounts for purchased loans.

Interest Income. 
   Interest income on performing loans held for investment is accrued and recognized as interest income at the contractual rate of interest. Purchase price discounts or premiums, as well as net deferred loan fees or costs, are amortized into interest income over the life of the loan to produce a level rate of return.

Lending Commitments.
    The Firm records the liability and related expense for the credit exposure related to commitments to fund loans. For more information regarding loan commitments, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees, see Note 15.

For more information regarding allowance for credit losses, refer to “Allowance for Credit Losses” herein.

Loans Held for Sale

Loans held for sale are measured at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in Other revenues. The Firm determines the valuation allowance on an individual loan basis, except for residential mortgage loans for which the valuation allowance is determined at the loan product level. Any decreases in fair value below the initial carrying amount 

91

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

and any recoveries in fair value up to the initial carrying amount are recorded in Other revenues. Increases in fair value above initial carrying value are not recognized.

Interest income. 
Interest income on loans held for sale is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest. Loan origination fees or costs and purchase price discounts or premiums are deferred as an adjustment to the loan’s cost basis until the related loan is sold and, as such, are included in the periodic determination of the lower of cost or fair value adjustments and the gain or loss recognized at the time of sale.

Lending Commitments.
 Commitments to fund mortgage loans held for sale are derivatives and are reported in Trading assets or Trading liabilities in the balance sheets with an offset to Trading revenues in the income statements.

For commitments to fund non-mortgage loans, the Firm records the liability and related expense for the fair value exposure below cost of such commitments in Other liabilities and accrued expenses in the balance sheets with an offset to Other revenues in the income statements.

Because loans and lending commitments held for sale are recognized at the lower of cost or fair value, the allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans.

Loans at Fair Value

Loans for which the fair value option is elected are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Loans carried at fair value are not evaluated for purposes of recording an allowance for loan losses. For further information on loans carried at fair value and classified as Trading assets and Trading liabilities, see Note 5.

Lending Commitments.
 The Firm records the liability and related expense for the fair value exposure related to commitments to fund loans that will be measured at fair value. The liability is recorded in Trading liabilities in the balance sheets, and the expense is recorded in Trading revenues in the income statements.

Because such loans and lending commitments are reported at fair value, the allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans.

For further information on loans, see Note 10.

Allowance for Credit Losses

The ACL for financ
ial instruments measured at amortized 
cost and certain off-balance sheet exposures (
e.g.,
 HFI loans and lending commitments, HTM securities, customer and other receivables and certain guarantees) represents an estimate of expected credit losses over the entire life of the financial instrument. 

Factors considered by management when determining the ACL include payment status, fair value of collateral and expected payments of principal and interest, as well as internal or external information relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The Firm uses three forecasts that include assumptions about certain macroeconomic variables including, but not limited to, U.S. gross domestic product (“GDP”), equity market indices and unemployment rates, as well as commercial real estate and home price indices. At the conclusion of the Firm’s reasonable and supportable forecast period of 13 quarters, there is a gradual reversion back to historical averages.

The ACL is measured on a collective basis when similar risk characteristics exist for multiple instruments considering all available information relevant to assessing the collectability of cash flows. Generally, the Firm applies a probability of default/loss given default model for instruments that are collectively assessed, under which the ACL is calculated as the product of probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default. These parameters are forecast for each collective group of assets using a scenario-based statistical model.

If the instrument does not share similar risk characteristics with other instruments, including when it is probable that the Firm will be unable to collect the full payment of principal and interest on the instrument when due, the ACL is measured on an individual basis. The Firm generally applies a discounted cash flow method for instruments that are individually assessed.

The Firm may also elect to use an approach that considers the fair value of the collateral when measuring the ACL if the loan is collateral dependent (
i.e.,
 repayment of the loan is expected to be provided substantially by the sale or operation of the underlying collateral and the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty).

Additionally, the Firm can elect to use an approach to measure the ACL using the fair value of collateral where the borrower is required to, and reasonably expected to, continually adjust and replenish the amount of collateral securing the instrument to reflect changes in the fair value of such collateral. The Firm has elected to use this approach for certain securities-based loans, margin loans, Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed.

Credit quality indicators considered in developing the ACL include:

•
Corporate loans, Secured lending facilities, Commercial real estate loans and securities, and Other loans: Internal risk ratings developed by the Credit Risk Management Department that are refreshed at least annually, and more frequently as necessary. These ratings generally correspond to external ratings published by S&P. The Firm also 

December 2020 Form 10-K

92

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

considers transaction structure, including type of collateral, collateral terms and position of the obligation within the capital structure. In addition, for Commercial real estate, the Firm considers property type and location, net operating income and LTV ratios, among other factors, as well as commercial real estate price and credit spread indices and capitalization rates.

•
Residential real estate loans: Loan origination Fair Isaac Corporation (“FICO”) credit scores as determined by independent credit agencies in the United States and LTV ratios.

•
Employee loans: Employment status, which includes those currently employed by the Firm and for which the Firm can deduct any unpaid amounts due to it through certain compensation arrangements; and those no longer employed by the Firm where such arrangements are no longer applicable.

For Securities-based loans, the Firm generally measures the ACL based on the fair value of collateral. 

Qualitative and environmental factors such as economic and business conditions, the nature and volume of the portfolio, and lending terms and the volume and severity of past due loans are also considered in the ACL calculations.

Presentation of ACL and Provision for Credit Losses

ACL

Provision for Credit Losses

Instruments measured at amortized cost (
e.g., 
HFI loans, HTM securities and customer and other receivables)

Contra asset

Other revenue

Employee loans

Contra asset

Compensation and benefits expense

Off-balance sheet instruments (
e.g., 
HFI lending commitments and certain guarantees)

Other liabilities and accrued expenses

Other expense

Troubled Debt Restructurings “TDRs”

The Firm may modify the terms of certain loans for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower’s financial difficulties by granting one or more concessions that the Firm would not otherwise consider. Such modifications are accounted for and reported as a TDR, except for certain modifications related to the Coronavirus Disease (“COVID-19”) as noted in “Modifications and Nonaccrual Status for Borrowers Impacted by COVID-19” herein. A loan that has been modified in a TDR is generally considered to be impaired and is evaluated individually. TDRs are also generally classified as nonaccrual and may be returned to accrual status only after the Firm expects repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest and there is sustained repayment performance for a reasonable period. 

Nonaccrual

The Firm places financial instruments on nonaccrual status if principal or interest is not expected when contractually due or is past due for a period of 90 days or more unless the 

obligation is well-secured and in the process of collection. For borrowers impacted by COVID-19, see “Modifications and Nonaccrual Status for Borrowers Impacted by COVID-19” herein for additional considerations. 

For any instrument placed on nonaccrual status, the Firm reverses any unpaid interest accrued with an offsetting reduction to Interest income. Principal and interest payments received on nonaccrual instruments are applied to principal if there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectability of principal. If collection of the principal is not in doubt, interest income is realized on a cash basis. If the instrument is brought current and neither principal or interest collection is in doubt, instruments can generally return to accrual status and interest income can be recognized. 

Modifications and Nonaccrual Status for Borrowers Impacted by COVID-19

In the first quarter of 2020, the Firm elected to apply the guidance issued by Congress in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES Act”) as well as by the U.S. banking agencies stating that certain concessions granted to borrowers that are current on existing loans, either individually or as part of a program for creditworthy borrowers who are experiencing short-term financial or operational problems as a result of COVID-19, generally would not be considered TDRs. Additionally, these loans generally would not be considered nonaccrual unless collectability concerns exist despite the modification provided. For loans remaining on accrual status, the Firm elected to continue recognizing interest income during the modification periods.

ACL Charge-offs

The principal balance of a financial instrument is charged off in the period it is deemed uncollectible resulting in a reduction in the ACL and the balance of the financial instrument in the balance sheet. Accrued interest receivable balances that are separately recorded from the related financial instruments are charged off against Interest income when the related financial instrument is placed on nonaccrual. Accordingly, the Firm elected not to measure an ACL for accrued interest receivables. However, in the case of loans that are modified as a result of COVID-19 and remain on accrual status due to the relief noted in “Modifications and Nonaccrual Status for Borrowers Impacted by COVID-19” herein, accrued interest receivable balances are assessed for any required ACL.

Transfers of Financial Assets

Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when the Firm has relinquished control over the transferred assets. Any related gain or loss on sale is recorded in Net revenues. Transfers that are not accounted for as sales are treated as collateralized financings. Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under 

93

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

agreements to repurchase are treated as collateralized financings (see Note 9).

Securities purchased under agreements to resell (“reverse repurchase agreements”) and Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (“repurchase agreements”) are carried in the balance sheets at the amount of cash paid or received, plus accrued interest, except for certain reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements for which the Firm has elected the fair value option (see Note 6). Where appropriate, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements with the same counterparty are reported on a net basis. Securities borrowed and securities loaned are recorded at the amount of cash collateral advanced or received.

In instances where the Firm is the lender in securities-for-securities transactions and is permitted to sell or repledge these securities, the fair value of the collateral received is reported in Trading assets, and the related obligation to return the collateral is reported in Trading liabilities in the balance sheets. Securities-for-securities transactions where the Firm is the borrower are not included in the balance sheets.

In order to manage credit exposure arising from these transactions, in appropriate circumstances, the Firm enters into master netting agreements and collateral agreements with its counterparties. These agreements provide the Firm with the right, in the event of a default by the counterparty, to net a counterparty’s rights and obligations under the agreement and to liquidate and set off collateral held by the Firm against the net amount owed by the counterparty.

The Firm’s policy is generally to take possession of securities purchased or borrowed in connection with reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed transactions, respectively, and to receive cash and/or securities delivered under repurchase agreements or securities loaned transactions (with rights of rehypothecation). 

For information related to offsetting of certain collateralized transactions, see Note 9.

Premises, Equipment and Capitalized Software Costs

Premises, equipment and capitalized software costs consist of buildings, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, computer and communications equipment, power generation assets and capitalized software (externally purchased and developed for internal use). Premises, equipment and capitalized software costs are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization and are included in Other assets in the balance sheets. Depreciation and amortization are provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.

Estimated Useful Lives of Assets

in years

Estimated Useful Life

Buildings

39

Leasehold improvements—Building

term of lease to 25

Leasehold improvements—Other

term of lease to 15

Furniture and fixtures

7

Computer and communications equipment

3 to 
9

Power generation assets

15 to 
29

Capitalized software costs

2 to 
10

Premises, equipment and capitalized software costs are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

The Firm tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and on an interim basis when certain events or circumstances exist. The Firm tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is generally at the level of or one level below its business segments. For both the annual and interim tests, the Firm has the option to either (i) perform a quantitative impairment test or (ii) first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, in which case the quantitative test would be performed.

When performing a quantitative impairment test, the Firm compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the goodwill impairment loss is equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value, limited to the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

The estimated fair values of the reporting units are derived based on valuation techniques the Firm believes market participants would use for each respective reporting unit. The estimated fair values are generally determined by utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology or methodologies that incorporate price-to-book and price-to-earnings multiples of certain comparable companies.

Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment on an interim basis when impairment indicators are present. Impairment losses are recorded within Other expenses in the income statements.

Earnings per Common Share

Basic EPS is computed by dividing earnings available to Morgan Stanley common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Earnings available to Morgan Stanley common shareholders represents net income applicable to Morgan Stanley reduced by preferred stock dividends. Common shares outstanding include common stock and vested RSUs where recipients 

December 2020 Form 10-K

94

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

have satisfied the relevant vesting terms. Diluted EPS reflects the assumed conversion of all dilutive securities.

Share-based awards that pay dividend equivalents subject to vesting are included in diluted shares outstanding (if dilutive) under the treasury stock method.

The Firm has granted PSUs that vest and convert to shares of common stock only if predetermined performance and market goals are satisfied. Since the issuance of the shares is contingent upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, the PSUs are included in diluted EPS based on the number of shares (if any) that would be issuable if the reporting date was the end of the performance period.

For further information on diluted earnings (loss) per common share, see Note 18 to the financial statements.

Deferred Compensation

Stock-Based Compensation

The Firm measures compensation expense for stock-based awards at fair value. The Firm determines the fair value of RSUs (including PSUs with non-market performance conditions) based on the grant-date fair value of its common stock, measured as the volume-weighted average price on the date of grant (“VWAP”). The fair value of RSUs not entitled to dividends until conversion is measured at VWAP reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid on the underlying shares prior to scheduled conversion date. PSUs that contain market-based conditions are valued using a Monte Carlo valuation model.

Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period relevant to each separately vesting portion of the award. Compensation expense for awards with performance conditions is recognized based on the probable outcome of the performance condition at each reporting date. Compensation expense for awards with market-based conditions is recognized irrespective of the probability of the market condition being achieved and is not reversed if the market condition is not met. The Firm accounts for forfeitures as they occur.

Stock-based awards generally contain clawback and cancellation provisions. Certain awards provide the Firm discretion to claw back or cancel all or a portion of the award under specified circumstances. Compensation expense for those awards is adjusted for changes in the fair value of the Firm’s common stock or the relevant model valuation, as appropriate, until conversion, exercise or expiration.

Employee Stock Trusts

In connection with certain stock-based compensation plans, the Firm has established employee stock trusts to provide, at its discretion, common stock voting rights to certain RSU holders. Following an RSU award, when a stock trust is utilized, the Firm contributes shares to be held in the stock 

trust until the RSUs convert to common shares. The assets of the employee stock trusts are consolidated with those of the Firm and are generally accounted for in a manner similar to treasury stock, where the shares of common stock outstanding reported in Common stock issued to employee stock trusts are offset by an equal amount reported in Employee stock trusts in the balance sheets.

The Firm uses the grant-date fair value of stock-based compensation as the basis for recording the movement of the assets to or from the employee stock trusts. Changes in the fair value are not recognized as the Firm’s stock-based compensation must be settled by delivery of a fixed number of shares of the Firm’s common stock.

Deferred Cash-Based Compensation

Compensation expense for deferred cash-based compensation awards is calculated based on the notional value of the award granted, adjusted for changes in the fair value of the referenced investments that employees select. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period relevant to each separately vesting portion of the award. Compensation expense for these awards is adjusted based on notional earnings of the referenced investments until distribution.

The Firm invests directly, as a principal, in financial instruments and other investments to economically hedge certain of its obligations under its deferred cash-based compensation plans. Changes in the value of such investments are recorded in Trading revenues and Investments revenues. Although changes in compensation expense resulting from changes in the fair value of the referenced investments will generally be offset by changes in the fair value of investments made by the Firm, there is typically a timing difference between the immediate recognition of gains and losses on the Firm’s investments and the deferred recognition of the related compensation expense over the vesting period.

Retirement-Eligible Employee Compensation

For year-end stock-based awards and deferred cash-based compensation awards anticipated to be granted to retirement-eligible employees under award terms that do not contain a future service requirement, the Firm accrues the estimated cost of the awards over the course of the calendar year preceding the grant date, which reflects the period over which the compensation is earned.

Carried Interest Compensation

The Firm generally recognizes compensation expense for any portion of carried interest (both realized and unrealized) that is allocated to employees. For information on performance-based fees in the form of carried interest, which are directly related to carried interest compensation, see “Revenue Recognition—Carried Interest” herein.

95

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Income Taxes

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based upon the temporary differences between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income tax expense (benefit) in the period that includes the enactment date. Such effects are recorded in income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations regardless of where deferred taxes were originally recorded.

The Firm recognizes net deferred tax assets to the extent that it believes these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Firm considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and results of recent operations. When performing the assessment, the Firm considers all types of deferred tax assets in combination with each other, regardless of the origin of the underlying temporary difference. If a deferred tax asset is determined to be unrealizable, a valuation allowance is established. If the Firm subsequently determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in excess of their net recorded amount, it would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes.

The Firm recognizes tax expense associated with Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income as it is incurred as part of the current income taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period.

Uncertain tax positions are recorded on the basis of a two-step process, whereby (i) the Firm determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet this threshold, the Firm recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes.

Foreign Currencies

Assets and liabilities of operations with non-U.S. dollar functional currencies are translated at year-end rates of exchange. Gains or losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements, net of hedge gains or losses and related tax effects, are reflected in AOCI in the balance sheets. Gains or losses resulting from remeasurement of foreign currency transactions are included in net income, and amounts recognized in the income statement are translated at the rate of exchange on the respective date of recognition for each amount.

Accounting Updates Adopted in 2020

Reference Rate Reform

The Firm has adopted the Reference Rate Reform accounting update. There was no impact to the Firm’s financial statements upon initial adoption. 

This accounting update provides optional accounting relief to entities with contracts, hedge accounting relationships or other transactions that reference LIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks for which the referenced rate is expected to be discontinued or replaced. The Firm is applying the accounting relief as relevant contract and hedge accounting relationship modifications are made during the course of the reference rate reform transition period. The optional relief generally allows for contract modifications solely related to the replacement of the reference rate to be accounted for as a continuation of the existing contract instead of as an extinguishment of the contract and would therefore not trigger certain accounting impacts that would otherwise be required. It also allows entities to change certain critical terms of existing hedge accounting relationships that are affected by reference rate reform, and these changes would not require de-designating the hedge accounting relationship. The optional relief ends December 31, 2022.

Financial Instruments—Credit Losses

The Firm has adopted the Financial Instruments—Credit Losses. 

This accounting update impacted the impairment model for certain financial assets measured at amortized cost by requiring a CECL methodology to estimate expected credit losses over the entire life of the financial asset, recorded at inception or purchase. CECL replaced the incurred loss model previously applicable to loans held for investment, HTM securities and other receivables carried at amortized cost, such as employee loans.

The update also eliminated the concept of other-than-temporary impairment for AFS securities and instead requires impairments on AFS securities to be recognized in earnings through an allowance when the fair value is less than amortized cost and a credit loss exists, and through a permanent reduction of the amortized cost basis when the securities are expected to be sold before recovery of amortized cost.

At transition on January 1, 2020, the adoption of this accounting standard resulted in an increase in the allowance for credit losses of $131 million with a corresponding reduction in Retained earnings of $
100 million, net of tax. The adoption impact was primarily attributable to a $
124 million increase in the allowance for credit losses on employee loans.

December 2020 Form 10-K

96

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Accounting Updates Adopted in 2019

Leases

Upon the adoption of Leases, the Firm began recognizing in the balance sheet leases with terms exceeding one year as right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and corresponding liabilities. The adoption resulted in an increase to Retained earnings of approximately $63 million, net of tax, related to deferred revenue from previously recorded sale-leaseback transactions. At transition on January 1, 2019, the adoption also resulted in a balance sheet gross-up of approximately $
4
 billion reflected in Other assets and Other liabilities and accrued expenses. See Note 10 for lease disclosures, including amounts reflected in the December 31, 2019 balance sheet. Prior period amounts were not restated.

As allowed by the guidance, the Firm elected not to reassess the following at transition: whether existing contracts are or contain leases; and for existing leases, lease classification and initial direct costs. In addition, the Firm continues to account for existing land easements as service contracts.

Both at transition and for new leases thereafter, ROU assets and lease liabilities are initially recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term, including non-lease components such as fixed common area maintenance costs and other fixed costs such as real estate taxes and insurance.

The discount rates used in determining the present value of leases are the Firm’s incremental borrowing rates, developed based upon each lease’s term and currency of payment. The lease term includes options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Firm will exercise that option. For operating leases, the ROU assets also include any prepaid lease payments and initial direct costs incurred and are reduced by lease incentives. For these leases, lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term if the ROU asset has not been impaired or abandoned.

Derivatives and Hedging (ASU 2018-16)

The amendments in this update permit use of the OIS rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as a U.S. benchmark interest rate for hedge accounting purposes. The Firm adopted this update on a prospective basis for qualifying new or redesignated hedging relationships. This update did not impact the Firm’s pre-existing hedges.

3. Acquisitions

Acquisition of E*TRADE

On October 2, 2020, the Firm completed the acquisition of 100% of E*TRADE Financial Corporation (“E*TRADE”) in a stock-for-stock transaction, which increases the scale and breadth of the Wealth Management business segment. Total consideration for the transaction was approximately $
11.9 

billion, which principally consists of the $11 billion fair value of 
233 million common shares issued from Common stock held in treasury, at an exchange ratio of 
1.0432 per E*TRADE common share. In addition, the Firm issued Series M and Series N preferred shares with a fair value of approximately $
0.7 billion in exchange for E*TRADE’s existing preferred stock.

Upon acquisition, the assets and liabilities of E*TRADE were adjusted to their respective fair values as of the closing date of the transaction, including the identifiable intangible assets acquired. In addition, the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired has been recorded as goodwill. The fair value estimates used in valuing certain acquired assets and liabilities are based, in part, on inputs that are unobservable. For intangible assets, these include, but are not limited to, forecasted future cash flows, revenue growth rates, customer attrition rates and discount rates.

E*TRADE Purchase Price Allocation 

$ in millions

AtOctober 2,
 2020

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

3,807

Trading assets at fair value:

Loans and lending commitments

1,124

Investments 

44

Investment securities

48,855

Securities borrowed

975

Customer and other receivables

12,267

Loans:

Held for investment

462

Goodwill

4,270

Intangible assets
1

3,282

Other assets

1,351

Total assets

$

76,437

Liabilities

Deposits

$

44,890

Securities loaned

766

Customer and other payables

15,488

Other liabilities and accrued expenses

1,688

Borrowings

1,665

Total liabilities

$

64,497

1.
Acquired intangible assets are primarily composed of $2.8 billion related to customer relationships with a weighted-average life of 
17 years.

E*TRADE’s results are included in the Firm’s consolidated results for the period from October 2, 2020 to December 31, 2020. For this period, Net revenues were approximately $600 million and Net income (loss) was 
not material.

97

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Morgan Stanley and E*TRADE Proforma Combined Financial Information (Unaudited)

$ in millions

2020

2019

Net revenues

$

50,203

$

44,192

Net income 

11,459

9,839

The proforma financial information presented in the previous table was computed by combining the historical financial information of the Firm and E*TRADE along with the effects of the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations as though the companies were combined on January 1, 2019. The proforma information does not reflect the potential benefits of cost and funding synergies, opportunities to earn additional revenues, or other factors, and therefore does not represent what the actual Net revenues and Net income would have been had the companies actually been combined as of this date.

4. Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents consist of Cash and due from banks and Interest bearing deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of three months or less from the acquisition date that are readily convertible to cash and are not held for trading purposes.

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Cash and due from banks

$

9,792

$

6,763 

Interest bearing deposits with banks

95,862

75,408 

Total Cash and cash equivalents

$

105,654

$

82,171 

Restricted cash

$

38,202

$

32,512 

Cash and cash equivalents also include Restricted cash such as cash segregated in compliance with federal or other regulations, including minimum reserve requirements set by the Federal Reserve Bank and other central banks, and the Firm's initial margin deposited with clearing organizations.

5. Fair Values

Recurring Fair Value Measurements

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting
1

Total

Assets at fair value

Trading assets:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities

$

43,084

$

31,524

$

9

$

—

$

74,617

Other sovereign government obligations

26,174

5,048

268

—

31,490

State and municipal securities

—

1,135

—

—

1,135

MABS

—

1,070

322

—

1,392

Loans and lending commitments
2

—

5,389

5,759

—

11,148

Corporate and other debt

—

30,093

3,435

—

33,528

Corporate equities
3

111,575

1,142

86

—

112,803

Derivative and other contracts:

Interest rate

4,458

227,818

1,210

—

233,486

Credit

—

6,840

701

—

7,541

Foreign exchange

29

93,770

260

—

94,059

Equity

1,132

65,943

1,369

—

68,444

Commodity and other

1,818

10,108

2,723

—

14,649

Netting
1

(5,488)

(310,534)

(1,351)

(62,956)

(380,329)

Total derivative and other contracts

1,949

93,945

4,912

(62,956)

37,850

Investments
4

624

234

828

—

1,686

Physical commodities

—

3,260

—

—

3,260

Total trading assets
4

183,406

172,840

15,619

(62,956)

308,909

Investment securities —AFS

46,354

61,225

2,804

—

110,383

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

—

12

3

—

15

Total assets at fair value

$

229,760

$

234,077

$

18,426

$

(62,956)

$

419,307

December 2020 Form 10-K

98

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting
1

Total

Liabilities at fair value

Deposits

$

—

$

3,395

$

126

$

—

$

3,521

Trading liabilities:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities

10,204

1

—

—

10,205

Other sovereign government obligations

24,209

1,738

16

—

25,963

Corporate and other debt

—

8,468

—

—

8,468

Corporate equities
3

67,822

172

63

—

68,057

Derivative and other contracts:

Interest rate

4,789

213,321

528

—

218,638

Credit

—

7,500

652

—

8,152

Foreign exchange

11

94,698

199

—

94,908

Equity

1,245

81,683

3,600

—

86,528

Commodity and other

1,758

9,418

1,014

—

12,190

Netting
1

(5,488)

(310,534)

(1,351)

(58,105)

(375,478)

Total derivative and other contracts

2,315

96,086

4,642

(58,105)

44,938

Total trading liabilities

104,550

106,465

4,721

(58,105)

157,631

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

—

671

444

—

1,115

Other secured financings

—

11,185

516

—

11,701

Borrowings

—

69,327

4,374

—

73,701

Total liabilities at fair value

$

104,550

$

191,043

$

10,181

$

(58,105)

$

247,669

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting
1

Total

Assets at fair value

Trading assets:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities

$

36,866 

$

28,992 

$

22 

$

— 

$

65,880 

Other sovereign government obligations

23,402 

4,347 

5 

— 

27,754 

State and municipal securities

— 

2,790 

1 

— 

2,791 

MABS

— 

1,690 

438 

— 

2,128 

Loans and lending commitments
2

— 

6,253 

5,073 

— 

11,326 

Corporate and other debt

— 

22,124 

1,396 

— 

23,520 

Corporate equities
3

123,942 

652 

97 

— 

124,691 

Derivative and other contracts:

Interest rate

1,265 

182,977 

1,239 

— 

185,481 

Credit

— 

6,658 

654 

— 

7,312 

Foreign exchange

15 

64,260 

145 

— 

64,420 

Equity

1,219 

48,927 

922 

— 

51,068 

Commodity and other

1,079 

7,255 

2,924 

— 

11,258 

Netting
1

(2,794)

(235,947)

(993)

(47,804)

(287,538)

Total derivative and other contracts

784 

74,130 

4,891 

(47,804)

32,001 

Investments
4

481 

252 

858 

— 

1,591 

Physical commodities

— 

1,907 

— 

— 

1,907 

Total trading assets
4

185,475 

143,137 

12,781 

(47,804)

293,589 

Investment securities —AFS

32,902 

29,321 

— 

— 

62,223 

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

— 

4 

— 

— 

4 

Total assets at fair value

$

218,377 

$

172,462 

$

12,781 

$

(47,804)

$

355,816 

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting
1

Total

Liabilities at fair value

Deposits

$

— 

$

1,920 

$

179 

$

— 

$

2,099 

Trading liabilities:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities

11,191 

34 

— 

— 

11,225 

Other sovereign government obligations

21,837 

1,332 

1 

— 

23,170 

Corporate and other debt

— 

7,410 

— 

— 

7,410 

Corporate equities
3

63,002 

79 

36 

— 

63,117 

Derivative and other contracts:

Interest rate

1,144 

171,025 

462 

— 

172,631 

Credit

— 

7,391 

530 

— 

7,921 

Foreign exchange

6 

67,473 

176 

— 

67,655 

Equity

1,200 

49,062 

2,606 

— 

52,868 

Commodity and other

1,194 

7,118 

1,312 

— 

9,624 

Netting
1

(2,794)

(235,947)

(993)

(42,531)

(282,265)

Total derivative and other contracts

750 

66,122 

4,093 

(42,531)

28,434 

Total trading liabilities

96,780 

74,977 

4,130 

(42,531)

133,356 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

— 

733 

— 

— 

733 

Other secured financings

— 

7,700 

109 

— 

7,809 

Borrowings

— 

60,373 

4,088 

— 

64,461 

Total liabilities at fair value

$

96,780 

$

145,703 

$

8,506 

$

(42,531)

$

208,458 

MABS—Mortgage- and asset-backed securities 

1.
For positions with the same counterparty that cross over the levels of the fair value hierarchy, both counterparty netting and cash collateral netting are included in the column titled “Netting.” Positions classified within the same level that are with the same counterparty are netted within that level. For further information on derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 7.

2.
For a further breakdown by type, see the following Detail of Loans and Lending Commitments at Fair Value table. 

3.
For trading purposes, the Firm holds or sells short equity securities issued by entities in diverse industries and of varying sizes. 

4.

Amounts exclude certain investments that are measured based on NAV per share, which are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. For additional disclosure about such investments, see “Net Asset Value Measurements” herein. 

Detail of Loans and Lending Commitments at Fair Value
1

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Corporate

$

13

$

20 

Secured lending facilities

648

951 

Commercial real estate

916

2,098 

Residential real estate

2,145

1,192 

Securities-based lending and Other loans

7,426

7,065 

Total

$

11,148

$

11,326 

1.
Loans previously classified as corporate have been further disaggregated; prior period balances have been revised to conform with current period presentation.

Unsettled Fair Value of Futures Contracts
1

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Customer and other receivables, net

$

434

$

365 

1.
These contracts are primarily Level 1, actively traded, valued based on quoted prices from the exchange and are excluded from the previous recurring fair value tables.

99

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Valuation Techniques for Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

U.S. Treasury and Agency Securities

U.S. Treasury Securities

Valuation Technique:

•
Fair value is determined using quoted market prices. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 1—as inputs are observable and in an active market.

U.S. Agency Securities

Valuation Techniques:

•
Non-callable agency-issued debt securities are generally valued using quoted market prices, and callable agency-issued debt securities are valued by benchmarking model-derived prices to quoted market prices and trade data for comparable instruments. 

•
The fair value of agency mortgage pass-through pool securities is model-driven based on spreads of comparable to-be-announced securities. 

•
CMOs are generally valued using quoted market prices and trade data adjusted by subsequent changes in related indices for comparable instruments. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 1—on-the-run agency issued debt securities if actively traded and inputs are observable 

•
Level 2—all other agency issued debt securities, agency mortgage pass-through pool securities and CMOs if actively traded and inputs are observable 

•
Level 3—in instances where the trading activity is limited or inputs are unobservable 

Other Sovereign Government Obligations

Valuation Techniques:

•
Fair value is determined using quoted prices in active markets when available. When not available, quoted prices in less-active markets are used. In the absence of position-specific quoted prices, fair value may be determined through benchmarking from comparable instruments. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 1—if actively traded and inputs are observable

•
Level 2—if the market is less active or prices are dispersed

•
Level 3—in instances where the prices are unobservable

State and Municipal Securities

Valuation Techniques:

•
Fair value is determined using recently executed transactions, market price quotations or pricing models that factor in, where applicable, interest rates, bond or CDS spreads, adjusted for any basis difference between cash and derivative instruments. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—if value based on observable market data for comparable instruments 

•
Level 3—in instances where market data are not observable 

MABS

Valuation Techniques:

•
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities may be valued based on price or spread data obtained from observed transactions or independent external parties such as vendors or brokers. 

•
When position-specific external price data are not observable, the fair value determination may require benchmarking to comparable instruments, and/or analyzing expected credit losses, default and recovery rates, and/or applying discounted cash flow techniques. When evaluating the comparable instruments for use in the valuation of each security, security collateral-specific attributes, including payment priority, credit enhancement levels, type of collateral, delinquency rates and loss severity, are considered. In addition, for RMBS borrowers, FICO scores and the level of documentation for the loan are considered. 

•
Market standard cash flow models may be utilized to model the specific collateral composition and cash flow structure of each transaction. Key inputs to these models are market spreads, forecasted credit losses, and default and prepayment rates for each asset category. 

•
Valuation levels of RMBS and CMBS indices are used as an additional data point for benchmarking purposes or to price outright index positions. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—if value based on observable market data for comparable instruments 

•
Level 3—if external prices or significant spread inputs are unobservable, or if the comparability assessment involves significant subjectivity related to property type differences, cash flows, performance or other inputs 

Loans and Lending Commitments

Valuation Techniques:

•
Fair value of corporate loans is determined using recently executed transactions, market price quotations (where observable), implied yields from comparable debt, market observable CDS spread levels obtained from independent external parties adjusted for any basis difference between cash and derivative instruments, along with proprietary valuation models and default recovery analysis where such transactions and quotations are unobservable. 

•
Fair value of contingent corporate lending commitments is determined by using executed transactions on comparable loans and the anticipated market price based on pricing indications from syndicate banks and customers. The valuation of loans and lending commitments also takes into account fee income that is considered an attribute of the contract. 

•
Fair value of mortgage loans is determined using observable prices based on transactional data or third-party pricing for comparable instruments, when available.

•
Where position-specific external prices are not observable, fair value is estimated based on benchmarking to prices and rates observed in the primary market for similar loan or borrower types or based on the present value of 

December 2020 Form 10-K

100

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

expected future cash flows using the Firm’s best available estimates of the key assumptions, including forecasted credit losses, prepayment rates, forward yield curves and discount rates commensurate with the risks involved or a methodology that utilizes the capital structure and credit spreads of recent comparable securitization transactions. 

•
Fair value of equity margin loans is determined by discounting future interest cash flows, net of potential losses resulting from large downward price movements of the underlying margin loan collateral. The potential losses are modeled using the margin loan rate, which is calibrated from market observable CDS spreads, implied debt yields or volatility metrics of the loan collateral. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—if value based on observable market data for comparable instruments 

•
Level 3—in instances where prices or significant spread inputs are unobservable or if the comparability assessment involves significant subjectivity 

Corporate and Other Debt

Corporate Bonds

Valuation Techniques:

•
Fair value is determined using recently executed transactions, market price quotations, bond spreads and CDS spreads obtained from independent external parties, such as vendors and brokers, adjusted for any basis difference between cash and derivative instruments. 

•
The spread data used are for the same maturity as the bond. If the spread data do not reference the issuer, then data that reference comparable issuers are used. When position-specific external price data are not observable, fair value is determined based on either benchmarking to comparable instruments or cash flow models with yield curves, bond or single-name CDS spreads and recovery rates as significant inputs. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—if value based on observable market data for comparable instruments 

•
Level 3—in instances where prices or significant spread inputs are unobservable or if the comparability assessment involves significant subjectivity 

CDO

Valuation Techniques:

•
The Firm holds cash CDOs that typically reference a tranche of an underlying synthetic portfolio of single-name CDS spreads collateralized by corporate bonds (CLN) or cash portfolio of ABS/loans (“asset-backed CDOs”). 

•
Credit correlation, a primary input used to determine the fair value of CLNs, is usually unobservable and derived using a benchmarking technique. Other model inputs such as credit spreads, including collateral spreads, and interest rates, are typically observable. 

•
Asset-backed CDOs are valued based on an evaluation of the market and model input parameters sourced from comparable instruments as indicated by market activity. Each asset-backed CDO position is evaluated independently taking into consideration available 

comparable market levels, underlying collateral performance and pricing, deal structures and liquidity. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—when either comparable market transactions are observable, or credit correlation input is insignificant 

•
Level 3—when either comparable market transactions are unobservable, or the credit correlation input is significant

Equity Contracts with Financing Features

Valuation Techniques:

•
Fair value of certain equity contracts, which are not classified as OTC derivatives because they do not meet the net investment criteria, is determined by discounting future interest cash flows, inclusive of the estimated value of the embedded optionality. The valuation uses the same derivative pricing models and valuation techniques as described under “OTC Derivative Contracts” herein.

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—when the contract is valued using observable inputs or where the unobservable input is not deemed significant

•
Level 3—when the contract is valued using an unobservable input that is deemed significant

Corporate Equities

Valuation Techniques:

•
Exchange-traded equity securities are generally valued based on quoted prices from the exchange. To the extent these securities are actively traded, valuation adjustments are not applied. 

•
Unlisted equity securities are generally valued based on an assessment of each security, considering rounds of financing and third-party transactions, discounted cash flow analyses and market-based information, including comparable transactions, trading multiples and changes in market outlook, among other factors. 

•
Listed fund units are generally marked to the exchange-traded price if actively traded, or NAV if not. Unlisted fund units are generally marked to NAV. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 1—actively traded exchange-traded securities and fund units 

•
Level 2—if not actively traded, inputs are observable or if undergoing a recent M&A event or corporate action 

•
Level 3—if not actively traded, inputs are unobservable, or if undergoing an aged M&A event or corporate action

Derivative and Other Contracts

Listed Derivative Contracts

Valuation Techniques:

•
Listed derivatives that are actively traded are valued based on quoted prices from the exchange. 

•
Listed derivatives that are not actively traded are valued using the same techniques as those applied to OTC derivatives as noted below. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 1—listed derivatives that are actively traded 

•
Level 2—when not actively traded 

101

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

OTC Derivative Contracts

Valuation Techniques:

•
OTC derivative contracts include forward, swap and option contracts related to interest rates, foreign currencies, credit standing of reference entities, equity prices or commodity prices. 

•
Depending on the product and the terms of the transaction, the fair value of OTC derivative products can be modeled using a series of techniques, including closed-form analytic formulas, such as the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, simulation models or a combination thereof. Many pricing models do not entail material subjectivity as the methodologies employed do not necessitate significant judgment since model inputs may be observed from actively quoted markets, as is the case for generic interest rate swaps, many equity, commodity and foreign currency option contracts, and certain CDS. In the case of more established derivative products, the pricing models used by the Firm are widely accepted by the financial services industry. 

•
More complex OTC derivative products are typically less liquid and require more judgment in the implementation of the valuation technique since direct trading activity or quotes are unobservable. This includes certain types of interest rate derivatives with both volatility and correlation exposure, equity, commodity or foreign currency derivatives that are either longer-dated or include exposure to multiple underlyings, and credit derivatives, including CDS on certain mortgage- or asset-backed securities and basket CDS. Where required inputs are unobservable, relationships to observable data points, based on historical and/or implied observations, may be employed as a technique to estimate the model input values. For further information on the valuation techniques for OTC derivative products, see Note 2.

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—when valued using observable inputs or where the unobservable input is not deemed significant 

•
Level 3—if an unobservable input is deemed significant 

Investments

Valuation Techniques:

•
Investments include direct investments in equity securities, as well as various investment management funds, which include investments made in connection with certain employee deferred compensation plans. 

•
Exchange-traded direct equity investments are generally valued based on quoted prices from the exchange. 

•
For direct investments, initially, the transaction price is generally considered by the Firm as the exit price and is its best estimate of fair value. 

•
After initial recognition, in determining the fair value of non-exchange-traded internally and externally managed funds, the Firm generally considers the NAV of the fund provided by the fund manager to be the best estimate of fair value. These investments are included in the Fund Interests table in the "Net Asset Value Measurements" section herein. 

•
For non-exchange-traded investments either held directly or held within internally managed funds, fair value after initial recognition is based on an assessment of each underlying investment, considering rounds of financing and third-party transactions, discounted cash flow analyses and market-based information, including comparable Firm transactions, trading multiples and changes in market outlook, among other factors. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 1—if actively traded

•
Level 2—when not actively traded and valued based on rounds of financing or third-party transactions

•
Level 3—when not actively traded and rounds of financing or third-party transactions are not available 

Physical Commodities

Valuation Techniques:

•
The Firm trades various physical commodities, including natural gas and precious metals. 

•
Fair value is determined using observable inputs, including broker quotations and published indices. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—valued using observable inputs

Investment Securities—AFS Securities

Valuation Techniques:

•
AFS securities are composed of U.S. government and agency securities (
e.g.
, U.S. Treasury securities, agency-issued debt, agency mortgage pass-through securities and CMOs), CMBS, ABS, state and municipal securities, and corporate bonds. For further information on the determination of fair value, refer to the corresponding asset/liability Valuation Technique described herein for the same instruments. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
For further information on the determination of valuation hierarchy classification, see the corresponding Valuation Hierarchy Classification described herein. 

Deposits

Valuation Techniques:

•
The Firm issues FDIC-insured certificates of deposit that pay either fixed coupons or that have repayment terms linked to the performance of debt or equity securities, indices or currencies. The fair value of these certificates of deposit is determined using valuation models that incorporate observable inputs referencing identical or comparable securities, including prices to which the deposits are linked, interest rate yield curves, option volatility and currency rates, equity prices, and the impact of the Firm’s own credit spreads, adjusted for the impact of the FDIC insurance, which is based on vanilla deposit issuance rates. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—when valuation inputs are observable

•
Level 3—in instances where an unobservable input is deemed significant 

December 2020 Form 10-K

102

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Securities Purchased under Agreements to Resell and Securities Sold under Agreements to Repurchase

Valuation Techniques:

•
Fair value is computed using a standard cash flow discounting methodology. 

•
The inputs to the valuation include contractual cash flows and collateral funding spreads, which are the incremental spread over the OIS rate for a specific collateral rate (which refers to the rate applicable to a specific type of security pledged as collateral). 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—when the valuation inputs are observable

•
Level 3—in instances where an unobservable input is deemed significant

Other Secured Financings

Valuation Techniques:

•
Other secured financings are composed of short-dated notes secured by Corporate equities, agreements to repurchase Physical commodities, the liabilities related to sales of Loans and lending commitments accounted for as financings, and contracts which are not classified as OTC derivatives because they fail net investment criteria. For further information on the determination of fair value, refer to the Valuation Techniques described herein for the corresponding instruments which are the collateral referenced by the other secured financing liability.

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
For further information on the determination of valuation hierarchy classification, see the Valuation Hierarchy Classification described herein for the corresponding instruments which are the collateral referenced by the other secured financing liability.

Borrowings

Valuation Techniques:

•
The Firm carries certain borrowings at fair value that are primarily composed of: instruments whose payments and redemption values are linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures; and instruments with various interest-rate-related features, including step-ups, step-downs and zero coupons. 

•
Fair value is determined using valuation models for the derivative and debt portions of the instruments. These models incorporate observable inputs referencing identical or comparable securities, including prices to which the instruments are linked, interest rate yield curves, option volatility and currency rates, and commodity or equity prices. 

•
Independent, external and traded prices are considered, as well as the impact of the Firm’s own credit spreads, which are based on observed secondary bond market spreads. 

Valuation Hierarchy Classification:

•
Level 2—when valued using observable inputs, or where the unobservable input is not deemed significant

•
Level 3—in instances where an unobservable input is deemed significant

Rollforward of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

U.S. Treasury and agency securities

Beginning balance

$

22 

$

54 

$

— 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

1

4 

1 

Purchases

—

17 

53 

Sales

(22)

(54)

— 

Net transfers

8

1 

— 

Ending balance

$

9

$

22 

$

54 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

—

$

4 

$

1 

Other sovereign government obligations

Beginning balance

$

5 

$

17 

$

1 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

—

(3)

— 

Purchases

265

7 

41 

Sales

(2)

(6)

(26)

Net transfers

—

(10)

1 

Ending balance

$

268

$

5 

$

17 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

—

$

(3)

$

— 

State and municipal securities

Beginning balance

$

1 

$

148 

$

8 

Purchases

—

— 

147 

Sales

—

(147)

(9)

Net transfers

(1)

— 

2 

Ending balance

$

—

$

1 

$

148 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

—

$

— 

$

— 

MABS

Beginning balance

$

438 

$

354 

$

423 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

(66)

(16)

82 

Purchases

175

132 

177 

Sales

(244)

(175)

(338)

Settlements

—

(44)

(17)

Net transfers

19

187 

27 

Ending balance

$

322

$

438 

$

354 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(49)

$

(57)

$

(9)

Loans and lending commitments

Beginning balance

$

5,073 

$

6,870 

$

5,945 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

(65)

38 

(100)

Purchases and originations

3,479

2,337 

5,746 

Sales

(957)

(1,268)

(2,529)

Settlements

(2,196)

(2,291)

(2,281)

Net transfers
1

425

(613)

89 

Ending balance

$

5,759

$

5,073 

$

6,870 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

58

$

(9)

$

(137)

Corporate and other debt

Beginning balance

$

1,396 

$

1,076 

$

701 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

318

418 

106 

Purchases and originations

2,623

650 

734 

Sales

(617)

(729)

(251)

Settlements

(311)

(7)

(11)

Net transfers

26

(12)

(203)

Ending balance

$

3,435

$

1,396 

$

1,076 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

311

$

361 

$

70 

103

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Corporate equities

Beginning balance

$

97 

$

95 

$

166 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

(55)

(8)

29 

Purchases

36

32 

13 

Sales

(17)

(271)

(161)

Net transfers

25

249 

48 

Ending balance

$

86

$

97 

$

95 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(39)

$

1 

$

17 

Investments

Beginning balance

$

858 

$

757 

$

1,020 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

32

78 

(25)

Purchases

61

40 

149 

Sales

(106)

(41)

(212)

Net transfers

(17)

24 

(175)

Ending balance

$

828

$

858 

$

757 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(45)

$

67 

$

(27)

Investment securities —AFS

Beginning balance

$

— 

$

— 

$

— 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

5

— 

— 

Purchases
2

2,799

— 

— 

Ending balance

$

2,804

$

—

$

—

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

5

$

— 

$

— 

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

Beginning balance

$

— 

$

— 

$

— 

Net transfers

3

— 

— 

Ending balance

$

3

$

—

$

—

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

—

$

— 

$

— 

Net derivatives: Interest rate

Beginning balance

$

777 

$

618 

$

1,218 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

(150)

17 

111 

Purchases

174

98 

63 

Issuances

(44)

(16)

(19)

Settlements

40

1 

(172)

Net transfers

(115)

59 

(583)

Ending balance

$

682

$

777 

$

618 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(34)

$

87 

$

140 

Net derivatives: Credit

Beginning balance

$

124 

$

40 

$

41 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

(91)

(24)

33 

Purchases

98

144 

13 

Issuances

(112)

(190)

(95)

Settlements

94

111 

56 

Net transfers

(64)

43 

(8)

Ending balance

$

49

$

124 

$

40 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(111)

$

(17)

$

23 

Net derivatives: Foreign exchange

Beginning balance

$

(31)

$

75 

$

(112)

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

156

(295)

179 

Purchases

4

2 

3 

Issuances

—

— 

(1)

Settlements

(17)

7 

2 

Net transfers

(51)

180 

4 

Ending balance

$

61

$

(31)

$

75 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

94

$

(187)

$

118 

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Net derivatives: Equity

Beginning balance

$

(1,684)

$

(1,485)

$

1,208 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

72

(260)

305 

Purchases

179

155 

122 

Issuances

(713)

(643)

(1,179)

Settlements

(354)

242 

314 

Net transfers
3

269

307 

(2,255)

Ending balance

$

(2,231)

$

(1,684)

$

(1,485)

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(210)

$

(194)

$

211 

Net derivatives: Commodity and other

Beginning balance

$

1,612 

$

2,052 

$

1,446 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

251

73 

500 

Purchases

89

152 

34 

Issuances

(57)

(92)

(18)

Settlements

(183)

(611)

(81)

Net transfers

(3)

38 

171 

Ending balance

$

1,709

$

1,612 

$

2,052 

Unrealized gains (losses)

$

(309)

$

(113)

$

272 

Deposits

Beginning balance

$

179 

$

27 

$

47 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

15

20 

(1)

Issuances

21

101 

9 

Settlements

(17)

(15)

(2)

Net transfers

(72)

46 

(26)

Ending balance

$

126

$

179 

$

27 

Unrealized losses (gains)

$

15

$

20 

$

(1)

Nonderivative trading liabilities

Beginning balance

$

37 

$

16 

$

25 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

(18)

(21)

(6)

Purchases

(35)

(65)

(18)

Sales

27

38 

9 

Settlements

3

— 

— 

Net transfers

65

69 

6 

Ending balance

$

79

$

37 

$

16 

Unrealized losses (gains)

$

(18)

$

(21)

$

(7)

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

Beginning balance

$

— 

$

— 

$

150 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

(27)

— 

— 

Issuances

470

— 

— 

Net transfers

1

— 

(150)

Ending balance

$

444

$

— 

$

— 

Unrealized losses (gains)

$

(27)

$

— 

$

— 

Other secured financings

Beginning balance

$

109 

$

208 

$

239 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

21

5 

(39)

Issuances

208

— 

8 

Settlements

(217)

(8)

(17)

Net transfers

395

(96)

17 

Ending balance

$

516

$

109 

$

208 

Unrealized losses (gains)

$

21

$

5 

$

(39)

December 2020 Form 10-K

104

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Borrowings

Beginning balance

$

4,088 

$

3,806 

$

2,984 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains)

204

728 

(385)

Issuances

980

1,181 

1,554 

Settlements

(461)

(950)

(274)

Net transfers

(437)

(677)

(73)

Ending balance

$

4,374

$

4,088 

$

3,806 

Unrealized losses (gains)

$

201

$

600 

$

(379)

Portion of Unrealized losses (gains) recorded in OCI—Change in net DVA

63

182 

(184)

1.
Net transfers in 2020 reflect the largely offsetting impacts of transfers in of $857 million of equity margin loans in the first quarter of 2020 and transfers out of $
707 million of equity margin loans in the second quarter of 2020. The loans were transferred into Level 3 in the first quarter as the significance of the margin loan rate input increased as a result of reduced liquidity, and transferred out of Level 3 in the second quarter as liquidity conditions improved, reducing the significance of the input. 

2.
Purchases of AFS investment securities in 2020 relate to securities acquired as part of the E*TRADE transaction. For additional information on the acquisition of E*TRADE, see Note 3.

3.
During 2018, the Firm transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 $2.4 billion of Equity Derivatives due to a reduction in the significance of the unobservable inputs relating to volatility.

Level 3 instruments may be hedged with instruments classified in Level 1 and Level 2. The realized and unrealized gains or losses for assets and liabilities within the Level 3 category presented in the previous tables do not reflect the related realized and unrealized gains or losses on hedging instruments that have been classified by the Firm within the Level 1 and/or Level 2 categories. 

The unrealized gains (losses) during the period for assets and liabilities within the Level 3 category may include changes in fair value during the period that were attributable to both observable and unobservable inputs. Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) are primarily included in Trading revenues in the income statements. 

Additionally, in the previous tables, consolidations of VIEs are included in Purchases, and deconsolidations of VIEs are included in Settlements. 

Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Recurring and Nonrecurring Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

Valuation Techniques and Unobservable Inputs

Balance / Range (Average
1
)

$ in millions, except inputs

At December 31, 2020

At December 31, 2019

Assets at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

Other sovereign government obligations

$

268

$

5 

Comparable pricing:

Bond price

106 points

N/M

MABS

$

322

$

438 

Comparable pricing:

Bond price

0 to 
80 points (
50 points)

0 to 
96 points (
47 points)

Balance / Range (Average
1
)

$ in millions, except inputs

At December 31, 2020

At December 31, 2019

Loans and lending 

commitments

$

5,759

$

5,073 

Margin loan model:

Discount rate

N/A

1% to 
9% (
2%)

Volatility skew

N/A

15% to 
80% (
28%)

Credit spread

N/A

9 to 
39 bps (
19 bps)

Margin loan rate

1% to 
5% (
3%)

N/A

Comparable pricing:

Loan price

75 to 
102 points (
93 points)

69 to 
100 points (
93 points)

Corporate and 

other debt

$

3,435

$

1,396 

Comparable pricing:

Bond price

10 to 
133 points (
101 points)

11 to 
108 points (
84 points)

Discounted cash flow:

Recovery rate

40% to 
62% (
46% / 
40%)

35 

%

Option model:

Equity volatility

18% to 
21% (
19%)

21 

%

Corporate equities

$

86

$

97 

Comparable pricing:

Equity price

100%

100 

%

Investments

$

828

$

858 

Discounted cash flow:

WACC

8% to 
18% (
15%)

8% to 
17% (
15%)

Exit multiple

7 to 
17 times (
12 times)

7 to 
16 times (
11 times)

Market approach:

EBITDA multiple

8 to 
32 times (
11 times)

7 to 
24 times (
11 times)

Comparable pricing:

Equity price

45% to 
100% (
99%)

75% to 
100% (
99%)

Investment securities —AFS

$

2,804

$

— 

Comparable pricing:

Bond price

97 to 
107 points (
101 points)

N/A

Net derivative and other contracts:

Interest rate

$

682

$

777 

Option model:

IR volatility skew

0% to 
349% (
62% / 
59%)

24% to 
156% (
63% / 
59%)

IR curve correlation

54% to 
99% (
87% / 
89%)

47% to 
90% (
72% / 
72%)

Bond volatility

6% to 
24% (
13% / 
13%)

4% to 
15% (
13% / 
14%)

Inflation volatility

25% to 
66% (
45% / 
43%)

24% to 
63% (
44% / 
41%)

IR curve

1%

1 

%

Credit

$

49

$

124 

Credit default swap model:

Cash-synthetic basis

7 points

6 points

Bond price

0 to 
85 points (
47 points)

0 to 
104 points (
45 points)

Credit spread

20 to 
435 bps (
74 bps)

9 to 
469 bps (
81 bps)

Funding spread

65 to 
118 bps (
86 bps)

47 to 
117 bps (
84 bps)

Correlation model:

Credit correlation

27% to 
44% (
32%)

29% to 
62% (
36%)

Foreign exchange
2

$

61

$

(31)

Option model:

IR - FX correlation

55% to 
59% (
56% 
56%)

32% to 
56% (
46% / 
46%)

IR volatility skew

0% to 
349% (
62% / 
59%)

24% to 
156% (
63% / 
59%)

IR curve

6% to 
8% (
7% / 
8%)

10% to 
11% (
10% / 
10%)

Foreign exchange volatility skew

 -22% to 
28% (
3% / 
1%)

N/A

Contingency probability

50% to 
95% (
83% / 
93%)

85% to 
95% (
94% / 
95%)

105

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Balance / Range (Average
1
)

$ in millions, except inputs

At December 31, 2020

At December 31, 2019

Equity
2

$

(2,231)

$

(1,684)

Option model:

Equity volatility

16% to 
97% (
43%)

9% to 
90% (
36%)

Equity volatility skew

 -3% to 
0% (-
1%)

 -2% to 
0% (-
1%)

Equity correlation

24% to 
96% (
74%)

5% to 
98% (
70%)

FX correlation

 -79% to 
60% (-
16%)

 -79% to 
60% (-
37%)

IR correlation

 -13% to 
47% (
21% / 
20%)

 -11% to 
44% (
18% / 
16%)

Commodity and other

$

1,709

$

1,612 

Option model:

Forward power price

$-1 to $
157 ($
28) per MWh

$3 to $
182 ($
28) per MWh

Commodity volatility

8% to 
183% (
19%)

7% to 
183% (
18%)

Cross-commodity correlation

43% to 
99% (
92%)

43% to 
99% (
93%)

Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

Deposits

$

126

$

179 

Option model:

 Equity volatility

7% to 
22% (
8%)

16% to 
37% (
20%)

 Nonderivative trading liabilities—Corporate equities

$

63

$

36 

Comparable pricing:

Equity price

100
%

N/M

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

$

444

$

— 

Discounted cash flow:

Funding spread 

107 to 
127 bps (
115 bps)

N/A

Other secured financings

$

516

$

109 

Discounted cash flow:

Funding spread

111
 bps (
111 bps)

111 to 
124 bps (
117 bps)

Comparable pricing:

Loan price

30 to 
101 points (
56 points)

N/A

Borrowings

$

4,374

$

4,088 

Option model:

Equity volatility

 6% to 
66% (
23%)

5% to 
44% (
21%)

Equity volatility skew

 -2% to 
0% (
0%)

 -2% to 
0% (
0%)

Equity correlation

37% to 
95% (
78%)

38% to 
94% (
78%)

Equity - FX correlation

 -72% to 
13% (-
24%)

 -75% to 
26% (-
25%)

IR FX Correlation

 -28% to 
6% (-
6% / -
6%)

 -26% to 
10% (-
7% / -
7%)

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurement

Loans

$

3,134

$

1,500 

Corporate loan model:

Credit spread

36 to 
636 bps (
336 bps)

69 to 
446 bps (
225 bps)

Warehouse model:

Credit spread

200 to 
413 bps (
368 bps)

287 to 
318 bps (
297 bps)

Comparable pricing:

Bond Price

88 to 
99 bps (
94 bps)

N/M (N/M)

Points—Percentage of par 

IR—Interest rate 

FX—Foreign exchange 

1.
A single amount is disclosed for range and average when there is no significant difference between the minimum, maximum and average. Amounts represent weighted averages except where simple averages and the median of the inputs are more relevant.

2.
Includes derivative contracts with multiple risks (
i.e.
, hybrid products).

The previous tables provide information on the valuation techniques, significant unobservable inputs, and the ranges and averages for each major category of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis with a significant Level 3 balance. The level of aggregation and breadth of products cause the range of inputs to be wide 

and not evenly distributed across the inventory of financial instruments. Further, the range of unobservable inputs may differ across firms in the financial services industry because of diversity in the types of products included in each firm’s inventory. Generally, there are no predictable relationships between multiple significant unobservable inputs attributable to a given valuation technique. 

Other than as follows, during 2020, there were no significant revisions made to the descriptions of the Firm’s significant unobservable inputs. For margin loans, the margin loan rate is the annualized rate that reflects the possibility of losses as a result of movements in the price of the underlying margin loan collateral. The rate is calibrated from the previously disclosed discount rate, credit spread and/or volatility measures.

An increase (decrease) to the following significant unobservable inputs would generally result in a higher (lower) fair value.

•
Comparable bond or loan price: 
A pricing input used when prices for the identical instrument are not available. Significant subjectivity may be involved when fair value is determined using pricing data available for comparable instruments. Valuation using comparable instruments can be done by calculating an implied yield (or spread over a liquid benchmark) from the price of a comparable bond or loan, then adjusting that yield (or spread) to derive a value for the bond or loan. The adjustment to yield (or spread) should account for relevant differences in the bonds or loans such as maturity or credit quality. Alternatively, a price-to-price basis can be assumed between the comparable instrument and the bond or loan being valued in order to establish the value of the bond or loan.

•
Comparable equity price:
 A price derived from equity raises, share buybacks and external bid levels, etc. A discount or premium may be included in the fair value estimate.

•
Contingency probability:
 Probability associated with the realization of an underlying event upon which the value of an asset is contingent.

•
EBITDA multiple / Exit multiple: 
The ratio of Enterprise Value to EBITDA, where Enterprise Value is the aggregate value of equity and debt minus cash and cash equivalents. The EBITDA multiple reflects the value of the company in terms of its full-year EBITDA, whereas the exit multiple reflects the value of the company in terms of its full-year expected EBITDA at exit. Either multiple allows comparison between companies from an operational perspective as the effect of capital structure, taxation and depreciation/amortization is excluded.

•
Recovery rate: 
Amount expressed as a percentage of par that is expected to be received when a credit event occurs.

December 2020 Form 10-K

106

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

An increase (decrease) to the following significant unobservable inputs would generally result in a lower (higher) fair value.

•
Cash-synthetic basis: 
The measure of the price differential between cash financial instruments and their synthetic derivative-based equivalents. The range disclosed in the previous table signifies the number of points by which the synthetic bond equivalent price is higher than the quoted price of the underlying cash bonds.

•
Funding spread: 
The cost of borrowing defined as the incremental spread over the OIS rate for a specific collateral rate (which refers to the rate applicable to a specific type of security pledged as collateral).

•
Margin loan rate: 
The annualized rate that reflects the possibility of losses as a result of movements in the price of the underlying margin loan collateral. The rate is calibrated from the discount rate, credit spreads and/or volatility measures.

•
WACC:
 WACC represents the theoretical rate of return required to debt and equity investors. The WACC is used in a discounted cash flow model that calculates the value of the equity. The model assumes that the cash flow assumptions, including projections, are fully reflected in the current equity value, while the debt to equity ratio is held constant.

An increase (decrease) to the following significant unobservable inputs would generally result in an impact to the fair value, but the magnitude and direction of the impact would depend on whether the Firm is long or short the exposure.

•
Correlation:
 A pricing input where the payoff is driven by more than one underlying risk. Correlation is a measure of the relationship between the movement of two variables (
i.e.
, how the change in one variable influences a change in the other variable).

•
Credit spread: 
The credit spread reflects the additional net yield an investor can earn from a security with more credit risk relative to one with less credit risk. The credit spread of a particular security is often quoted in relation to the yield on a credit risk-free benchmark security or reference rate, typically either U.S. Treasury or LIBOR.

•
Interest rate curve:
 The term structure of interest rates (relationship between interest rates and the time to maturity) and a market’s measure of future interest rates at the time of observation. An interest rate curve is used to set interest rate and foreign exchange derivative cash flows and is a pricing input used in the discounting of any OTC derivative cash flow.

•
Volatility:
 The measure of variability in possible returns for an instrument given how much that instrument changes in value over time. Volatility is a pricing input for options 

and, generally, the lower the volatility, the less risky the option. The level of volatility used in the valuation of a particular option depends on a number of factors, including the nature of the risk underlying that option, the tenor and the strike price of the option.

•
Volatility skew:
 The measure of the difference in implied volatility for options with identical underliers and expiry dates but with different strikes.

Net Asset Value Measurements 

Fund Interests 

At December 31, 2020

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

CarryingValue

Commitment

CarryingValue

Commitment

Private equity

$

2,367

$

644

$

2,078 

$

450 

Real estate

1,403

136

1,349 

150 

Hedge
1

59

—

94 

4 

Total

$

3,829

$

780

$

3,521 

$

604 

1.
Investments in hedge funds may be subject to initial period lock-up or gate provisions, which restrict an investor from withdrawing from the fund during a certain initial period or restrict the redemption amount on any redemption date, respectively. 

Amounts in the previous table represent the Firm’s carrying value of general and limited partnership interests in fund investments, as well as any related performance-based fees in the form of carried interest. The carrying amounts are measured based on the NAV of the fund taking into account the distribution terms applicable to the interest held. This same measurement applies whether the fund investments are accounted for under the equity method or fair value. 

Private Equity.
    Funds that pursue multiple strategies, including leveraged buyouts, venture capital, infrastructure growth capital, distressed investments and mezzanine capital. In addition, the funds may be structured with a focus on specific geographic regions.

Real Estate.
    Funds that invest in real estate assets such as commercial office buildings, retail properties, multi-family residential properties, developments or hotels. In addition, the funds may be structured with a focus on specific geographic regions.

Investments in private equity and real estate funds generally are not redeemable due to the closed-end nature of these funds. Instead, distributions from each fund will be received as the underlying investments of the funds are disposed and monetized.

Hedge.
    Funds that pursue various investment strategies, including long-short equity, fixed income/credit, event-driven and multi-strategy.

See Note 15 for information regarding general partner guarantees, which include potential obligations to return performance fee distributions previously received. See Note 23 for information regarding carried interest at risk of reversal.

107

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Nonredeemable Funds by Contractual Maturity 

Carrying Value at December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Private Equity

Real Estate

Less than 5 years

$

1,480

$

416

5-10 years

736

374

Over 10 years

151

613

Total

$

2,367

$

1,403

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements

Carrying and Fair Values 

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Level 2

Level 3
1

Total

Assets

Loans

$

2,566

$

3,134

$

5,700

Other assets—Other investments

—

16

16

Other assets—ROU assets

21

—

21

Total

$

2,587

$

3,150

$

5,737

Liabilities

Other liabilities and accrued expenses—Lending commitments

$

193

$

72

$

265

Total

$

193

$

72

$

265

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Level 2

Level 3
1

Total

Assets

Loans

$

1,543 

$

1,500 

$

3,043 

Other assets—Other investments

— 

113 

113 

Total

$

1,543 

$

1,613 

$

3,156 

Liabilities

Other liabilities and accrued expenses—Lending commitments

$

132 

$

69 

$

201 

Total

$

132 

$

69 

$

201 

1.
For significant Level 3 balances, refer to “Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Recurring and Nonrecurring Level 3 Fair Value Measurements” section herein for details of the significant unobservable inputs used for nonrecurring fair value measurement.

Gains (Losses) from Fair Value Remeasurements
1 

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Assets

Loans
2

$

(354)

$

18 

$

(68)

Intangibles

(2)

— 

— 

Other assets—Other investments
3

(56)

(56)

(56)

Other assets—Premises, equipment and software
4

(45)

(22)

(46)

Other assets—ROU assets
5

(23)

— 

— 

Total

$

(480)

$

(60)

$

(170)

Liabilities

Other liabilities and accrued expenses—Lending commitments
2

$

(5)

$

87 

$

(48)

Total

$

(5)

$

87 

$

(48)

1.
Gains and losses for Loans and Other assets—Other investments are classified in Other revenues. For other items, gains and losses are recorded in Other revenues if the item is held for sale; otherwise, they are recorded in Other expenses. 

2.
Nonrecurring changes in the fair value of loans and lending commitments were calculated as follows: for the held-for-investment category, based on the value of the underlying collateral; and for the held-for-sale category, based on recently executed transactions, market price quotations, valuation models that incorporate market observable inputs where possible, such as comparable loan or debt prices and CDS spread levels adjusted for any basis difference between cash and derivative instruments, or default recovery analysis where such transactions and quotations are unobservable. 

3.
Losses related to Other assets—Other investments were determined using techniques that included discounted cash flow models, methodologies that incorporate multiples of certain comparable companies and recently executed transactions. 

4.
Losses related to Other assets—Premises, equipment and software generally include impairments as well as write-offs related to the disposal of certain assets. 

5.
Losses related to Other assets—ROU assets include impairments related to the discontinued use of certain leased properties.

Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value

At December 31, 2020

CarryingValue

Fair Value

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

105,654

$

105,654

$

—

$

—

$

105,654

Investment securities—HTM

71,771

31,239

42,281

900

74,420

Securities purchased 

under agreements to resell

116,219

—

114,046

2,173

116,219

Securities borrowed

112,391

—

112,392

—

112,392

Customer and other receivables
1

92,907

—

89,832

3,041

92,873

Loans
2

150,597

—

16,635

135,277

151,912

Other assets

485

—

485

—

485

Financial liabilities

Deposits

$

307,261

$

—

$

307,807

$

—

$

307,807

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

49,472

—

49,315

195

49,510

Securities loaned

7,731

—

7,731

—

7,731

Other secured financings

4,162

—

4,162

—

4,162

Customer and other payables
1

224,951

—

224,951

—

224,951

Borrowings

143,378

—

150,824

5

150,829

CommitmentAmount

Lending commitments
3

$

125,498

$

—

$

709

$

395

$

1,104

December 2020 Form 10-K

108

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2019

CarryingValue

Fair Value

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

82,171 

$

82,171 

$

— 

$

— 

$

82,171 

Investment securities—HTM

43,502 

30,661 

12,683 

789 

44,133 

Securities purchased 

under agreements to resell

88,220 

— 

86,794 

1,442 

88,236 

Securities borrowed

106,549 

— 

106,551 

— 

106,551 

Customer and other receivables
1

51,134 

— 

48,215 

2,872 

51,087 

Loans
2

130,637 

— 

22,293 

108,059 

130,352 

Other assets

495 

— 

495 

— 

495 

Financial liabilities

Deposits

$

188,257 

$

— 

$

188,639 

$

— 

$

188,639 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

53,467 

— 

53,486 

— 

53,486 

Securities loaned

8,506 

— 

8,506 

— 

8,506 

Other secured financings

6,889 

— 

6,800 

92 

6,892 

Customer and other payables
1

195,035 

— 

195,035 

— 

195,035 

Borrowings

128,166 

— 

133,563 

10 

133,573 

CommitmentAmount

Lending commitments
3

$

119,004 

$

— 

$

748 

$

338 

$

1,086 

1.
Accrued interest and dividend receivables and payables have been excluded. Carrying value approximates fair value for these receivables and payables.

2.
Amounts include loans measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

3.
Represents Lending commitments accounted for as Held for Investment and Held for Sale. For a further discussion on lending commitments, see Note 15.

The previous tables exclude certain financial instruments such as equity method investments and all non-financial assets and liabilities such as the value of the long-term relationships with the Firm’s deposit customers. 

6. Fair Value Option 

The Firm has elected the fair value option for certain eligible instruments that are risk managed on a fair value basis to mitigate income statement volatility caused by measurement basis differences between the elected instruments and their associated risk management transactions or to eliminate complexities of applying certain accounting models. 

Borrowings Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Business Unit Responsible for Risk Management

Equity

$

33,952

$

30,214 

Interest rates

31,222

27,298 

Commodities

5,078

4,501 

Credit

1,344

1,246 

Foreign exchange

2,105

1,202 

Total

$

73,701

$

64,461 

Net Revenues from Borrowings under the Fair Value Option 

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Trading revenues

$

(5,135)

$

(6,932)

$

2,679 

Interest expense

341

375 

321 

Net revenues
1

$

(5,476)

$

(7,307)

$

2,358 

1.
Amounts do not reflect any gains or losses from related economic hedges. 

Gains (losses) from changes in fair value are recorded in Trading revenues and are mainly attributable to movements in the reference price or index, interest rates or foreign exchange rates. 

Gains (Losses) Due to Changes in Instrument-Specific Credit Risk 

$ in millions

TradingRevenues

OCI

2020

Loans and other debt
1

$

(116)

$

—

Lending commitments

(3)

—

Deposits

—

(19)

Borrowings

(26)

(1,340)

2019

Loans and other debt
1

$

223 

$

— 

Lending commitments

(2)

— 

Deposits

— 

(30)

Borrowings

(11)

(2,140)

2018

Loans and other debt
1

$

165 

$

— 

Lending commitments

(3)

— 

Deposits

— 

9 

Borrowings

(24)

1,962 

Other

(32)

32 

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Cumulative pre-tax DVA gain (loss) recognized in AOCI

$

(3,357)

$

(1,998)

1.

Loans and other debt instrument-specific credit gains (losses) were determined by excluding the non-credit components of gains and losses. 

Difference between Contractual Principal and Fair Value
1 

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Loans and other debt
2

$

14,042

$

13,037 

Nonaccrual loans
2

11,551

10,849 

Borrowings
3

(3,773)

(1,665)

1.
Amounts indicate contractual principal greater than or (less than) fair value. 

2.
The majority of the difference between principal and fair value amounts for loans and other debt relates to distressed debt positions purchased at amounts well below par. 

3.

Excludes borrowings where the repayment of the initial principal amount fluctuates based on changes in a reference price or index. 

The previous tables exclude non-recourse debt from consolidated VIEs, liabilities related to transfers of financial assets treated as collateralized financings, pledged commodities and other liabilities that have specified assets attributable to them. 

Fair Value Loans on Nonaccrual Status

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Nonaccrual loans

$

1,407

$

1,100 

Nonaccrual loans 90 or more 

days past due

$

239

$

330 

109

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

7. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

The Firm trades and makes markets globally in listed futures, OTC swaps, forwards, options and other derivatives referencing, among other things, interest rates, equities, currencies, investment grade and non-investment grade corporate credits, loans, bonds, U.S. and other sovereign securities, emerging market bonds and loans, credit indices, ABS indices, property indices, mortgage-related and other ABS, and real estate loan products. The Firm uses these instruments for market-making, foreign currency exposure management, and asset/liability management.

The Firm manages its market-making positions by employing a variety of risk mitigation strategies. These strategies include diversification of risk exposures and hedging. Hedging activities consist of the purchase or sale of positions in related securities and financial instruments, including a variety of derivative products (
e.g.
, futures, forwards, swaps and options). The Firm manages the market risk associated with its market-making activities on a Firmwide basis, on a worldwide trading division level and on an individual product basis.

Fair Values of Derivative Contracts

At December 31, 2020 

Assets

$ in millions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

Designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

$

946

$

2

$

—

$

948

Foreign exchange

5

2

—

7

Total

951

4

—

955

Not designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

221,895

10,343

300

232,538

Credit

5,343

2,198

—

7,541

Foreign exchange

92,334

1,639

79

94,052

Equity

34,278

—

34,166

68,444

Commodity and other

11,095

—

3,554

14,649

Total

364,945

14,180

38,099

417,224

Total gross derivatives

$

365,896

$

14,184

$

38,099

$

418,179

Amounts offset

Counterparty netting

(276,682)

(11,601)

(35,260)

(323,543)

Cash collateral netting

(54,921)

(1,865)

—

(56,786)

Total in Trading assets

$

34,293

$

718

$

2,839

$

37,850

Amounts not offset
1

Financial instruments collateral

(13,319)

—

—

(13,319)

Other cash collateral

(391)

—

—

(391)

Net amounts

$

20,583

$

718

$

2,839

$

24,140

Net amounts for which master netting or collateral agreements

are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

$

3,743

Liabilities

$ in millions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

Designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

$

—

$

19

$

—

$

19

Foreign exchange

291

99

—

390

Total

291

118

—

409

Not designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

210,015

7,965

639

218,619

Credit

5,293

2,859

—

8,152

Foreign exchange

92,975

1,500

43

94,518

Equity

49,943

—

36,585

86,528

Commodity and other

8,831

—

3,359

12,190

Total

367,057

12,324

40,626

420,007

Total gross derivatives

$

367,348

$

12,442

$

40,626

$

420,416

Amounts offset

Counterparty netting

(276,682)

(11,601)

(35,260)

(323,543)

Cash collateral netting

(51,112)

(823)

—

(51,935)

Total in Trading liabilities

$

39,554

$

18

$

5,366

$

44,938

Amounts not offset
1

Financial instruments collateral

(10,598)

—

(1,520)

(12,118)

Other cash collateral

(62)

(3)

—

(65)

Net amounts

$

28,894

$

15

$

3,846

$

32,755

Net amounts for which master netting or collateral agreements 

are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

$

6,746

December 2020 Form 10-K

110

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2019 

Assets

$ in millions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

Designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

$

673 

$

— 

$

— 

$

673 

Foreign exchange

41 

1 

— 

42 

Total

714 

1 

— 

715 

Not designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

179,450 

4,839 

519 

184,808 

Credit

4,895 

2,417 

— 

7,312 

Foreign exchange

62,957 

1,399 

22 

64,378 

Equity

27,621 

— 

23,447 

51,068 

Commodity and other

9,306 

— 

1,952 

11,258 

Total

284,229 

8,655 

25,940 

318,824 

Total gross derivatives

$

284,943 

$

8,656 

$

25,940 

$

319,539 

Amounts offset

Counterparty netting

(213,710)

(7,294)

(24,037)

(245,041)

Cash collateral netting

(41,222)

(1,275)

— 

(42,497)

Total in Trading assets

$

30,011 

$

87 

$

1,903 

$

32,001 

Amounts not offset
1

Financial instruments collateral

(15,596)

— 

— 

(15,596)

Other cash collateral

(46)

— 

— 

(46)

Net amounts

$

14,369 

$

87 

$

1,903 

$

16,359 

Net amounts for which master netting or collateral agreements 

are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

$

1,900 

Liabilities

$ in millions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

Designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

$

1 

$

— 

$

— 

$

1 

Foreign exchange

121 

38 

— 

159 

Total

122 

38 

— 

160 

Not designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

168,597 

3,597 

436 

172,630 

Credit

4,798 

3,123 

— 

7,921 

Foreign exchange

65,965 

1,492 

39 

67,496 

Equity

30,135 

— 

22,733 

52,868 

Commodity and other

7,713 

— 

1,911 

9,624 

Total

277,208 

8,212 

25,119 

310,539 

Total gross derivatives

$

277,330 

$

8,250 

$

25,119 

$

310,699 

Amounts offset

Counterparty netting

(213,710)

(7,294)

(24,037)

(245,041)

Cash collateral netting

(36,392)

(832)

— 

(37,224)

Total in Trading liabilities

$

27,228 

$

124 

$

1,082 

$

28,434 

Amounts not offset
1

Financial instruments collateral

(7,747)

— 

(287)

(8,034)

Other cash collateral

(14)

— 

— 

(14)

Net amounts

$

19,467 

$

124 

$

795 

$

20,386 

Net amounts for which master netting or collateral agreements 

are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

$

3,680 

1.
Amounts relate to master netting agreements and collateral agreements that have been determined by the Firm to be legally enforceable in the event of default but where certain other criteria are not met in accordance with applicable offsetting accounting guidance.

See Note 5 for information related to the unsettled fair value of futures contracts not designated as accounting hedges, which are excluded from the previous tables.

Notionals of Derivative Contracts

At December 31, 2020

Assets

$ in billions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

Designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

$

6

$

123

$

—

$

129

Foreign exchange

2

—

—

2

Total

8

123

—

131

Not designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

3,847

6,946

409

11,202

Credit

140

88

—

228

Foreign exchange

3,046

103

10

3,159

Equity

444

—

367

811

Commodity and other

107

—

68

175

Total

7,584

7,137

854

15,575

Total gross derivatives

$

7,592

$

7,260

$

854

$

15,706

Liabilities

$ in billions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

Designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

$

—

$

80

$

—

$

80

Foreign exchange

11

3

—

14

Total

11

83

—

94

Not designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

4,000

6,915

511

11,426

Credit

143

98

—

241

Foreign exchange

3,180

102

11

3,293

Equity

474

—

591

1,065

Commodity and other

93

—

68

161

Total

7,890

7,115

1,181

16,186

Total gross derivatives

$

7,901

$

7,198

$

1,181

$

16,280

111

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2019 

Assets

$ in billions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

Designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

$

14 

$

94 

$

— 

$

108 

Foreign exchange

2 

— 

— 

2 

Total

16 

94 

— 

110 

Not designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

4,230 

7,398 

732 

12,360 

Credit

136 

79 

— 

215 

Foreign exchange

2,667 

91 

10 

2,768 

Equity

429 

— 

419 

848 

Commodity and other

99 

— 

61 

160 

Total

7,561 

7,568 

1,222 

16,351 

Total gross derivatives

$

7,577 

$

7,662 

$

1,222 

$

16,461 

Liabilities

$ in billions

BilateralOTC

ClearedOTC

Exchange-Traded

Total

Designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

$

— 

$

71 

$

— 

$

71 

Foreign exchange

9 

2 

— 

11 

Total

9 

73 

— 

82 

Not designated as accounting hedges

Interest rate

4,185 

6,866 

666 

11,717 

Credit

153 

84 

— 

237 

Foreign exchange

2,841 

91 

14 

2,946 

Equity

455 

— 

515 

970 

Commodity and other

85 

— 

61 

146 

Total

7,719 

7,041 

1,256 

16,016 

Total gross derivatives

$

7,728 

$

7,114 

$

1,256 

$

16,098 

The Firm believes that the notional amounts of derivative contracts generally overstate its exposure. In most circumstances, notional amounts are used only as a reference point from which to calculate amounts owed between the parties to the contract. Furthermore, notional amounts do not reflect the benefit of legally enforceable netting arrangements or risk mitigating transactions.

Gains (Losses) on Accounting Hedges

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Fair value hedges—Recognized in Interest income

Interest rate contracts

$

75

$

(10)

$

(4)

Investment Securities—AFS

(33)

10 

4 

Fair value hedges—Recognized in Interest expense

Interest rate contracts

$

4,678

$

4,212 

$

(1,529)

Deposits
1

(100)

7 

— 

Borrowings

(4,692)

(4,288)

1,511 

Net investment hedges—Foreign exchange contracts

Recognized in OCI

$

(366)

$

14 

$

295 

Forward points excluded from hedge 

effectiveness testing—Recognized in 

Interest income

16

136 

68 

1.
The Firm began designating interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of certain Deposits in the fourth quarter of 2019.

Fair Value Hedges—Hedged Items

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Investment securities—AFS

Amortized cost basis currently or previously hedged

$

16,288

$

917 

Basis adjustments included in amortized cost
1

$

(39)

$

14 

Deposits

Carrying amount currently or previously hedged

$

15,059

$

5,435 

Basis adjustments included in carrying amount
1

$

93

$

(7)

Borrowings

Carrying amount currently or previously hedged

$

114,349

$

102,456 

Basis adjustments included in carrying amount—Outstanding hedges

$

6,575

$

2,593 

Basis adjustments included in carrying amount—Terminated hedges

$

(756)

$

— 

1.
Hedge accounting basis adjustments are primarily related to outstanding hedges.

Derivatives with Credit Risk-Related Contingencies

Net Derivative Liabilities and Collateral Posted

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Net derivative liabilities with credit risk-

related contingent features

$

30,421

$

21,620 

Collateral posted

23,842

17,392 

The previous table presents the aggregate fair value of certain derivative contracts that contain credit risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position for which the Firm has posted collateral in the normal course of business.

Incremental Collateral and Termination Payments upon Potential Future Ratings Downgrade

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

One-notch downgrade

$

316

Two-notch downgrade

134

Bilateral downgrade agreements included in the amounts above
1

$

352

1.
Amount represents arrangements between the Firm and other parties where upon the downgrade of one party, the downgraded party must deliver collateral to the other party. These bilateral downgrade arrangements are used by the Firm to manage the risk of counterparty downgrades.

The additional collateral or termination payments that may be called in the event of a future credit rating downgrade vary by contract and can be based on ratings by either or both of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and S&P Global Ratings. The previous table shows the future potential collateral amounts and termination payments that could be called or required by counterparties or exchange and clearing organizations in the event of one-notch or two-notch downgrade scenarios based on the relevant contractual downgrade triggers.

December 2020 Form 10-K

112

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Maximum Potential Payout/Notional of Credit Protection Sold
1

Years to Maturity at December 31, 2020

$ in billions

< 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Single-name CDS

Investment grade

$

9

$

19

$

32

$

9

$

69

Non-investment grade

7

10

17

2

36

Total

$

16

$

29

$

49

$

11

$

105

Index and basket CDS

Investment grade

$

2

$

5

$

39

$

14

$

60

Non-investment grade

6

9

29

14

58

Total

$

8

$

14

$

68

$

28

$

118

Total CDS sold

$

24

$

43

$

117

$

39

$

223

Other credit contracts

—

—

—

—

—

Total credit protection sold

$

24

$

43

$

117

$

39

$

223

CDS protection sold with identical protection purchased

$

196

Years to Maturity at December 31, 2019

$ in billions

< 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Single-name CDS

Investment grade

$

16 

$

17 

$

33 

$

9 

$

75 

Non-investment grade

9 

9 

16 

1 

35 

Total

$

25 

$

26 

$

49 

$

10 

$

110 

Index and basket CDS

Investment grade

$

4 

$

7 

$

46 

$

11 

$

68 

Non-investment grade

7 

4 

17 

10 

38 

Total

$

11 

$

11 

$

63 

$

21 

$

106 

Total CDS sold

$

36 

$

37 

$

112 

$

31 

$

216 

Other credit contracts

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

Total credit protection sold

$

36 

$

37 

$

112 

$

31 

$

216 

CDS protection sold with identical protection purchased

$

187 

Fair Value Asset (Liability) of Credit Protection Sold
1

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Single-name CDS

Investment grade

$

1,230

$

1,057 

Non-investment grade

(22)

(540)

Total

$

1,208

$

517 

Index and basket CDS

Investment grade

$

843

$

1,052 

Non-investment grade

(824)

134 

Total

$

19

$

1,186 

Total CDS sold

$

1,227

$

1,703 

Other credit contracts

(4)

(17)

Total credit protection sold

$

1,223

$

1,686 

1.
Investment grade/non-investment grade determination is based on the internal credit rating of the reference obligation. Internal credit ratings serve as the Credit Risk Management Department’s assessment of credit risk and the basis for a comprehensive credit limits framework used to control credit risk. The Firm uses quantitative models and judgment to estimate the various risk parameters related to each obligor.

Protection Purchased with CDS

Notional

$ in billions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Single name

$

116

$

118 

Index and basket

116

103 

Tranched index and basket

14

15 

Total

$

246

$

236 

Fair Value Asset (Liability)

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Single name

$

(1,452)

$

(723)

Index and basket

(57)

(1,139)

Tranched index and basket

(329)

(450)

Total

$

(1,838)

$

(2,312)

The Firm enters into credit derivatives, principally CDS, under which it receives or provides protection against the risk of default on a set of debt obligations issued by a specified reference entity or entities. A majority of the Firm’s counterparties for these derivatives are banks, broker-dealers, and insurance and other financial institutions.

The fair value amounts as shown in the previous tables are prior to cash collateral or counterparty netting.

The purchase of credit protection does not represent the sole manner in which the Firm risk manages its exposure to credit derivatives. The Firm manages its exposure to these derivative contracts through a variety of risk mitigation strategies, which include managing the credit and correlation risk across single-name, non-tranched indices and baskets, tranched indices and baskets, and cash positions. Aggregate market risk limits have been established for credit derivatives, and market risk measures are routinely monitored against these limits. The Firm may also recover amounts on the underlying reference obligation delivered to the Firm under CDS where credit protection was sold.

Single-Name CDS.
    A CDS protects the buyer against the loss of principal on a bond or loan in case of a default by the issuer. The protection buyer pays a periodic premium (generally quarterly) over the life of the contract and is protected for the period. The Firm, in turn, performs under a CDS if a credit event as defined under the contract occurs. Typical credit events include bankruptcy, dissolution or insolvency of the referenced entity, failure to pay and restructuring of the obligations of the referenced entity.

Index and Basket CDS. 
   Index and basket CDS are products where credit protection is provided on a portfolio of single-name CDS. Generally, in the event of a default on one of the underlying names, the Firm pays a pro rata portion of the total notional amount of the CDS.

The Firm also enters into tranched index and basket CDS where credit protection is provided on a particular portion of the portfolio loss distribution. The most junior tranches cover 

113

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

initial defaults, and once losses exceed the notional of the tranche, they are passed on to the next most senior tranche in the capital structure.

Other Credit Contracts.
    The Firm has invested in CLNs and CDOs, which are hybrid instruments containing embedded derivatives, in which credit protection has been sold to the issuer of the note. If there is a credit event of a reference entity underlying the instrument, the principal balance of the note may not be repaid in full to the Firm.

8. Investment Securities 

AFS and HTM Securities

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Amortized

Cost
1

GrossUnrealized
Gains

GrossUnrealized
Losses

FairValue

AFS securities

U.S. government and agency securities:

U.S. Treasury securities

$

45,345

$

1,010

$

—

$

46,355

U.S. agency securities
2

37,389

762

25

38,126

Total U.S. government and agency securities

82,734

1,772

25

84,481

Corporate and other debt:

Agency CMBS

19,982

465

9

20,438

Corporate bonds

1,694

42

—

1,736

State and municipal 

securities

1,461

103

1

1,563

FFELP student loan ABS
3

1,735

7

26

1,716

Other ABS

449

—

—

449

Total corporate and other 

debt

25,321

617

36

25,902

Total AFS securities

108,055

2,389

61

110,383

HTM securities

U.S. government and agency securities:

U.S. Treasury securities

29,346

1,893

—

31,239

U.S. agency securities
2

38,951

704

8

39,647

Total U.S. government and

agency securities

68,297

2,597

8

70,886

Corporate and other debt:

Agency CMBS

2,632

4

2

2,634

Non-agency CMBS

842

58

—

900

Total Corporate and other debt

3,474

62

2

3,534

Total HTM securities

71,771

2,659

10

74,420

Total investment 

securities

$

179,826

$

5,048

$

71

$

184,803

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

AmortizedCost

GrossUnrealized
Gains

GrossUnrealized
Losses

FairValue

AFS securities

U.S. government and agency securities:

U.S. Treasury securities

$

32,465 

$

224 

$

111 

$

32,578 

U.S. agency securities
2

20,725 

249 

100 

20,874 

Total U.S. government and

agency securities

53,190 

473 

211 

53,452 

Corporate and other debt:

Agency CMBS

4,810 

55 

57 

4,808 

Corporate bonds

1,891 

17 

1 

1,907 

State and municipal securities 

481 

22 

— 

503 

FFELP student loan ABS
3

1,580 

1 

28 

1,553 

Total corporate and other 

debt

8,762 

95 

86 

8,771 

Total AFS securities

61,952 

568 

297 

62,223 

HTM securities

U.S. government and agency securities:

U.S. Treasury securities

30,145 

568 

52 

30,661 

U.S. agency securities
2

12,589 

151 

57 

12,683 

Total U.S. government and

agency securities

42,734 

719 

109 

43,344 

Corporate and other debt:

Non-agency CMBS

768 

22 

1 

789 

Total HTM securities

43,502 

741 

110 

44,133 

Total investment 

securities

$

105,454 

$

1,309 

$

407 

$

106,356 

1.
Amounts are net of any ACL.

2.
U.S. agency securities consist mainly of agency-issued debt, agency mortgage pass-through pool securities and CMOs.

3.
Underlying loans are backed by a guarantee, ultimately from the U.S. Department of Education, of at least 95% of the principal balance and interest outstanding.

In the first quarter of 2020, the Firm transferred certain municipal securities from Trading assets into AFS securities as a result of a change in intent due to the severe deterioration in liquidity for these instruments. These securities had a fair value of $441 million at the end of the first quarter of 2020.

December 2020 Form 10-K

114

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Investment Securities in an Unrealized Loss Position

At December 31,2020

At December 31,2019

$ in millions

Fair Value

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

Fair Value

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

U.S. government and agency securities:

U.S. Treasury securities

Less than12 months

$

151

$

—

$

4,793 

$

28 

12 months or longer

—

—

7,904 

83 

Total

151

—

12,697 

111 

U.S. agency securities

Less than12 months

5,808

22

2,641 

20 

12 months or longer

1,168

3

7,697 

80 

Total

6,976

25

10,338 

100 

Total U.S. government and agency securities:

Less than12 months

5,959

22

7,434 

48 

12 months or longer

1,168

3

15,601 

163 

Total

7,127

25

23,035 

211 

Corporate and other debt:

Agency CMBS

Less than12 months

2,779

9

2,294 

26 

12 months or longer

46

—

681 

31 

Total

2,825

9

2,975 

57 

Corporate bonds

Less than12 months

—

—

194 

1 

12 months or longer

31

—

44 

— 

Total

31

—

238 

1 

State and municipal securities

Less than12 months

86

—

— 

— 

12 months or longer

36

1

— 

— 

Total

122

1

— 

— 

FFELP student loan ABS

Less than12 months

—

—

91 

— 

12 months or longer

1,077

26

1,165 

28 

Total

1,077

26

1,256 

28 

Total

Corporate and other debt:

Less than12 months

2,865

9

2,579 

27 

12 months or longer

1,190

27

1,890 

59 

Total

4,055

36

4,469 

86 

Total AFS securities in an unrealized loss position

Less than12 months

8,824

31

10,013 

75 

12 months or longer

2,358

30

17,491 

222 

Total

$

11,182

$

61

$

27,504 

$

297 

For AFS securities, the Firm believes there are no securities in an unrealized loss position that have credit losses after performing the analysis described in Note 2. Additionally, the Firm does not intend to sell the securities and is not likely to be required to sell the securities prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. Furthermore, the securities have not experienced credit losses as they are predominantly investment grade and the Firm expects to recover the amortized cost basis.

As of December 31, 2020, the HTM securities net carrying amount reflects an ACL of $26 million related to Non-agency CMBS. See Note 2 for a description of the ACL methodology used beginning in 2020 following the Firm’s adoption of CECL and prior period credit loss considerations. There were 
no HTM securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2019 that were other-than-temporarily 

impaired. As of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, Non-Agency CMBS HTM securities were predominantly on accrual status and investment grade.

See Note 16 for additional information on securities issued by VIEs, including U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, non-agency CMBS, FFELP student loan ABS and other ABS.

Investment Securities by Contractual Maturity

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Amortized

Cost
1

FairValue

AnnualizedAverage
Yield

AFS securities

U.S. government and agency securities:

U.S. Treasury securities:

Due within 1 year

$

14,813

$

14,888

1.1

%

After 1 year through 5 years

25,630

26,401

1.4

%

After 5 years through 10 years

4,902

5,066

1.2

%

Total

45,345

46,355

U.S. agency securities:

Due within 1 year

6

6

1.4

%

After 1 year through 5 years

173

177

1.5

%

After 5 years through 10 years

1,247

1,283

1.7

%

After 10 years

35,963

36,660

1.5

%

Total

37,389

38,126

Total U.S. government and agency securities

82,734

84,481

1.4

%

Corporate and other debt:

Agency CMBS:

Due within 1 year

95

96

1.2

%

After 1 year through 5 years

1,385

1,400

1.0

%

After 5 years through 10 years

14,123

14,544

1.4

%

After 10 years

4,379

4,398

1.3

%

Total

19,982

20,438

Corporate bonds:

Due within 1 year

286

289

2.4

%

After 1 year through 5 years

1,193

1,224

2.6

%

After 5 years through 10 years

204

212

2.6

%

After 10 years

11

11

1.7

%

Total

1,694

1,736

State and municipal securities:

Due within 1 year

3

3

1.8

%

After 1 year through 5 years

28

29

1.7

%

After 5 years through 10 years

87

91

2.4

%

After 10 years

1,343

1,440

2.7

%

Total

1,461

1,563

FFELP student loan ABS:

After 1 year through 5 years

90

86

0.8

%

After 5 years through 10 years

239

228

0.9

%

After 10 years

1,406

1,402

1.2

%

Total

1,735

1,716

Other ABS:

Due within 1 year

3

3

0.3

%

After 1 year through 5 years

446

446

0.4

%

Total

449

449

Total corporate and other debt

25,321

25,902

1.5

%

Total AFS securities

108,055

110,383

1.4

%

115

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Amortized

Cost
1

FairValue

AnnualizedAverage
Yield

HTM securities

U.S. government and agency securities:

U.S. Treasury securities:

Due within 1 year

$

3,146

$

3,174

2.3

%

After 1 year through 5 years

17,302

18,111

1.9

%

After 5 years through 10 years

7,816

8,655

2.2

%

After 10 years

1,082

1,299

2.5

%

Total

29,346

31,239

U.S. agency securities:

After 5 years through 10 years

604

623

2.0

%

After 10 years

38,347

39,024

1.6

%

Total

38,951

39,647

Total U.S. government and agency securities

68,297

70,886

1.8

%

Corporate and other debt:

Agency CMBS:

Due within 1 year

21

21

2.4

%

After 1 year through 5 years

1,215

1,215

1.4

%

After 5 years through 10 years

1,164

1,167

1.3

%

After 10 years

232

231

1.6

%

Total

2,632

2,634

1.3

%

Non-agency CMBS:

Due within 1 year

153

153

4.5

%

After 1 year through 5 years

35

35

3.2

%

After 5 years through 10 years

618

671

3.8

%

After 10 years

36

41

4.4

%

Total

842

900

3.9

%

Total corporate and other debt

3,474

3,534

2.0

%

Total HTM securities

71,771

74,420

1.8

%

Total investment securities

$

179,826

$

184,803

1.6

%

1.
Amounts are net of any ACL.

Gross Realized Gains (Losses) on Sales of AFS Securities

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Gross realized gains

$

168

$

113 

$

12 

Gross realized (losses)

(31)

(10)

(4)

Total
1

$

137

$

103 

$

8 

1.
Realized gains and losses are recognized in Other revenues in the income statements.

9. Collateralized Transactions 

The Firm enters into securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions to, among other things, acquire securities to cover short positions and settle other securities obligations, to accommodate customers’ needs and to finance its inventory positions. 

The Firm monitors the fair value of the underlying securities as compared with the related receivable or payable, including accrued interest, and, as necessary, requests additional collateral, as provided under the applicable agreement to ensure such transactions are adequately collateralized, or the return of excess collateral.

The risk related to a decline in the market value of collateral pledged or received is managed by setting appropriate market-based margin requirements. Increases in collateral margin calls on secured financing due to market value declines may be mitigated by increases in collateral margin calls on securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed transactions with similar quality collateral. Additionally, the Firm may request lower quality collateral pledged be replaced with higher quality collateral through collateral substitution rights in the underlying agreements.

The Firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces the potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets and also considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties. The Firm utilizes shorter term secured financing for highly liquid assets and has established longer tenor limits for less liquid assets, for which funding may be at risk in the event of a market disruption. 

Offsetting of Certain Collateralized Transactions

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

GrossAmounts

AmountsOffset

Balance Sheet Net Amounts

Amounts

Not Offset
1

NetAmounts

Assets

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

$

264,140

$

(147,906)

$

116,234

$

(114,108)

$

2,126

Securities borrowed

124,921

(12,530)

112,391

(107,434)

4,957

Liabilities

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

$

198,493

$

(147,906)

$

50,587

$

(43,960)

$

6,627

Securities loaned

20,261

(12,530)

7,731

(7,430)

301

Net amounts for which master netting agreements are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

$

1,870

Securities borrowed

596

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

6,282

Securities loaned

128

December 2020 Form 10-K

116

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

GrossAmounts

AmountsOffset

Balance Sheet Net Amounts

Amounts

Not Offset
1

NetAmounts

Assets

Securities 

purchased under agreements to resell

$

247,545 

$

(159,321)

$

88,224 

$

(85,200)

$

3,024 

Securities 

borrowed

109,528 

(2,979)

106,549 

(101,850)

4,699 

Liabilities

Securities sold 

under 

agreements to repurchase

$

213,519 

$

(159,319)

$

54,200 

$

(44,549)

$

9,651 

Securities loaned

11,487 

(2,981)

8,506 

(8,324)

182 

Net amounts for which master netting agreements are not in place or may not be legally enforceable

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

$

2,255 

Securities borrowed

1,181 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

8,033 

Securities loaned

101 

1.
Amounts relate to master netting agreements that have been determined by the Firm to be legally enforceable in the event of default but where certain other criteria are not met in accordance with applicable offsetting accounting guidance.

For information related to offsetting of derivatives, see Note 7.

Gross Secured Financing Balances by Remaining Contractual Maturity

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Overnightand Open

Less than30 Days

30-90Days

Over90 Days

Total

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

$

84,349

$

60,853

$

26,221

$

27,070

$

198,493

Securities loaned

15,267

247

—

4,747

20,261

Total included in the offsetting disclosure

$

99,616

$

61,100

$

26,221

$

31,817

$

218,754

Trading liabilities—Obligation to return securities received as collateral

16,389

—

—

—

16,389

Total

$

116,005

$

61,100

$

26,221

$

31,817

$

235,143

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Overnightand Open

Less than30 Days

30-90Days

Over90 Days

Total

Securities sold under 

agreements to repurchase

$

67,158 

$

81,300 

$

26,904 

$

38,157 

$

213,519 

Securities loaned

2,378 

3,286 

516 

5,307 

11,487 

Total included in the

offsetting disclosure

$

69,536 

$

84,586 

$

27,420 

$

43,464 

$

225,006 

Trading liabilities—

Obligation to return securities received as collateral

23,877 

— 

— 

— 

23,877 

Total

$

93,413 

$

84,586 

$

27,420 

$

43,464 

$

248,883 

Gross Secured Financing Balances by Class of Collateral Pledged

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

U.S. Treasury and agency securities

$

94,662

$

68,895 

State and municipal securities

505

905 

Other sovereign government obligations

71,140

109,414 

ABS

1,230

2,218 

Corporate and other debt

5,287

6,066 

Corporate equities

24,692

25,563 

Other

977

458 

Total

$

198,493

$

213,519 

Securities loaned

Other sovereign government obligations

$

3,430

$

3,026 

Corporate equities

16,536

8,422 

Other

295

39 

Total

$

20,261

$

11,487 

Total included in the offsetting disclosure

$

218,754

$

225,006 

Trading liabilities—Obligation to return securities received as collateral

Corporate equities

$

16,365

$

23,873 

Other

24

4 

Total

$

16,389

$

23,877 

Total

$

235,143

$

248,883 

Carrying Value of Assets Loaned or Pledged without Counterparty Right to Sell or Repledge

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Trading assets

$

30,954

$

41,201 

Loans, before ACL

—

750 

Total

$

30,954

$

41,951 

The Firm pledges certain of its trading assets and loans to collateralize securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities loaned, other secured financings and derivatives and to cover customer short sales. Counterparties may or may not have the right to sell or repledge the collateral.

Pledged financial instruments that can be sold or repledged by the secured party are identified as Trading assets (pledged to various parties) in the balance sheets.

Fair Value of Collateral Received with Right to Sell or Repledge

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Collateral received with right to sellor repledge

$

724,818

$

679,280 

Collateral that was sold or repledged
1

523,648

539,412 

1.
Does not include securities used to meet federal regulations for the Firm’s U.S. broker-dealers.

The Firm receives collateral in the form of securities in connection with securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities borrowed, securities-for-securities transactions, derivative transactions, customer margin loans and securities-based lending. In many cases, the Firm is 

117

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

permitted to sell or repledge this collateral to secure securities sold under agreements to repurchase, to enter into securities lending and derivative transactions or for delivery to counterparties to cover short positions.

Securities Segregated for Regulatory Purposes 

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Segregated securities
1

$

34,106

$

25,061 

1.
Securities segregated under federal regulations for the Firm’s U.S. broker-dealers are sourced from Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Trading assets in the balance sheets.

Concentration Based on the Firm’s Total Assets

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

U.S. government and agency securities and other sovereign government obligations

Trading assets
1

10

%

10 

%

Off balance sheet—Collateral received
2

12

%

12 

%

1.
Other sovereign government obligations included in Trading assets primarily consist of obligations of the U.K., Japan and Brazil at December 31, 2020, and obligations of the U.K., Japan and Australia at December 31, 2019.

2.
Collateral received is primarily related to Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed.

The Firm is subject to concentration risk by holding large positions in certain types of securities, loans or commitments to purchase securities of a single issuer, including sovereign governments and other entities, issuers located in a particular country or geographic area, public and private issuers involving developing countries or issuers engaged in a particular industry.

Positions taken and underwriting and financing commitments, including those made in connection with the Firm’s private equity, principal investment and lending activities, often involve substantial amounts and significant exposure to individual issuers and businesses, including investment grade and non-investment grade issuers.

Customer Margin and Other Lending

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Margin and other lending

$

74,714

$

31,916 

The Firm provides margin lending arrangements that allow customers to borrow against the value of qualifying securities. Receivables under margin lending arrangements are included within Customer and other receivables in the balance sheets. Under these agreements and transactions, the Firm receives collateral, which includes U.S. government and agency securities, other sovereign government obligations, corporate and other debt, and corporate equities. Margin loans are collateralized by customer-owned securities held by the Firm. The Firm monitors required margin levels and established credit terms daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, requires 

customers to deposit additional collateral, or reduce positions, when necessary.

Margin loans are extended on a demand basis and generally are not committed facilities. Factors considered in the review of margin loans are the amount of the loan, the intended purpose, the degree of leverage being employed in the account and the amount of collateral, as well as an overall evaluation of the portfolio to ensure proper diversification or, in the case of concentrated positions, appropriate liquidity of the underlying collateral or potential hedging strategies to reduce risk. Underlying collateral for margin loans is reviewed with respect to the liquidity of the proposed collateral positions, valuation of securities, historic trading range, volatility analysis and an evaluation of industry concentrations. For these transactions, adherence to the Firm’s collateral policies significantly limits its credit exposure in the event of a customer default. The Firm may request additional margin collateral from customers, if appropriate, and, if necessary, may sell securities that have not been paid for or purchase securities sold but not delivered from customers.

Also included in the amounts in the previous table is non-purpose securities-based lending on non-bank entities in the Wealth Management business segment.

Other Secured Financings

Other secured financings include the liabilities related to transfers of financial assets that are accounted for as financings rather than sales, consolidated VIEs where the Firm is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, and certain ELNs and other secured borrowings. These liabilities are generally payable from the cash flows of the related assets, which are accounted for as Trading assets (see Notes 14 and 16).

10. Loans, Lending Commitments and Related Allowance for Credit Losses 

The Firm’s held-for-investment and held-for-sale loan portfolios consist of the following types of loans:

•
Corporate.
  Corporate includes revolving lines of credit, term loans and bridge loans made to corporate entities for a variety of purposes.

•
Secured lending facilities.
     Secured lending facilities include loans provided to clients, which are collateralized by various assets, including residential and commercial real estate mortgage loans, corporate loans and other assets.

•
Residential Real Estate.
  Residential real estate loans mainly include non-conforming loans and HELOC.

•
Commercial Real Estate. 
 Commercial real estate loans include owner-occupied loans and income-producing loans.

•
Securities-based lending and Other.
  Securities-based lending includes loans which allow clients to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities for any suitable purpose other than purchasing, trading, or carrying 

December 2020 Form 10-K

118

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

securities or refinancing margin debt. The majority of these loans are structured as revolving lines of credit. Other primarily includes certain loans originated in the tailored lending business within the Wealth Management business segment.

Loans by Type
1

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Loans Heldfor Investment

Loans Heldfor Sale

Total Loans

Corporate

$

6,046

$

8,580

$

14,626

Secured lending facilities

25,727

3,296

29,023

Commercial real estate

7,346

822

8,168

Residential real estate

35,268

48

35,316

Securities-based lending and Other loans

64,232

67

64,299

Total loans, before ACL

138,619

12,813

151,432

ACL

(835)

(835)

Total loans, net

$

137,784

$

12,813

$

150,597

Fixed rate loans, net

$

32,796

Floating or adjustable rate loans, net

117,801

Loans to non-U.S. borrowers, net

21,081

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Loans Heldfor Investment

Loans Heldfor Sale

Total Loans

Corporate

$

5,426 

$

6,192 

$

11,618 

Secured lending facilities

24,502 

4,200 

28,702 

Commercial real estate

7,859 

2,049 

9,908 

Residential real estate

30,184 

13 

30,197 

Securities-based lending and Other loans

50,438 

123 

50,561 

Total loans, gross

118,409 

12,577 

130,986 

Allowance for credit losses

(349)

— 

(349)

Total loans, net

$

118,060 

$

12,577 

$

130,637 

Fixed rate loans, net

$

22,716 

Floating or adjustable rate loans, net

107,921 

Loans to non-U.S. borrowers, net

21,617 

1.
Loans previously classified as corporate have been further disaggregated; prior period balances have been revised to conform with current period presentation

See Note 5 for further information regarding Loans and lending commitments held at fair value. See Note 15 for details of current commitments to lend in the future.

Credit Quality

CRM evaluates new obligors before credit transactions are initially approved and at least annually thereafter for corporate and commercial real estate loans. For Corporate, Secured lending facilities and Other loans, credit evaluations typically involve the evaluation of financial statements, assessment of leverage, liquidity, capital strength, asset composition and quality, market capitalization and access to capital markets, cash flow projections and debt service requirements, and the adequacy of collateral, if applicable. CRM also evaluates strategy, market position, industry dynamics, obligor’s management and other factors that could affect an obligor’s risk profile. 

For Commercial real estate loans, the credit evaluation is focused on property and transaction metrics, including property type, LTV ratio, occupancy levels, debt service ratio, prevailing capitalization rates and market dynamics.

For Residential real estate and Securities-based loans, the initial credit evaluation typically includes, but is not limited to, review of the obligor’s income, net worth, liquidity, collateral, LTV ratio and credit bureau information. Subsequent credit monitoring for residential real estate loans is performed at the portfolio level. Securities-based loan collateral values are monitored on an ongoing basis.

For information related to credit quality indicators considered in developing the ACL, see Note 2.

Loans Held for Investment before Allowance by Origination Year

At December 31, 2020

Corporate

$ in millions

Investment Grade

Non-Investment Grade

Total

Revolving

$

1,138

$

3,231

$

4,369

2020

585

80

665

2019

204

202

406

2018

195

—

195

2017

—

64

64

2016

115

—

115

Prior

132

100

232

Total

$

2,369

$

3,677

$

6,046

At December 31, 2020

Secured lending facilities

$ in millions

Investment Grade

Non-Investment Grade

Total

Revolving

$

4,711

$

14,510

$

19,221

2020

162

253

415

2019

260

1,904

2,164

2018

614

1,432

2,046

2017

245

581

826

2016

—

654

654

Prior

—

401

401

Total

$

5,992

$

19,735

$

25,727

At December 31, 2020

Commercial real estate

$ in millions

Investment Grade

Non-Investment Grade

Total

2020

$

95

$

943

$

1,038

2019

1,074

1,848

2,922

2018

746

774

1,520

2017

412

387

799

2016

100

594

694

Prior

—

373

373

Total

$

2,427

$

4,919

$

7,346

119

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2020

Residential real estate

by FICO Scores

by LTV Ratio

Total

$ in millions

≥ 740

680-739

≤ 679

≤ 80%

> 80%

Revolving

$

85

$

32

$

5

$

122

$

—

$

122

2020

8,948

1,824

149

10,338

583

10,921

2019

5,592

1,265

168

6,584

441

7,025

2018

2,320

604

75

2,756

243

2,999

2017

2,721

690

89

3,251

249

3,500

2016

3,324

884

118

4,035

291

4,326

Prior

4,465

1,626

284

5,684

691

6,375

Total

$

27,455

$

6,925

$

888

$

32,770

$

2,498

$

35,268

At December 31, 2020

Securities-based lending
1

Other
2

$ in millions

Investment Grade

Non-Investment Grade

Total

Revolving

$

51,667

$

4,816

$

555

$

57,038

2020

—

1,073

590

1,663

2019

18

1,156

623

1,797

2018

232

407

403

1,042

2017

—

654

122

776

2016

—

566

111

677

Prior

16

1,066

157

1,239

Total

$

51,933

$

9,738

$

2,561

$

64,232

1. Securities-based loans are subject to collateral maintenance provisions, and at December 31, 2020, these loans are predominantly over-collateralized. For more information on the ACL methodology related to securities-based loans, see Note 2.

2. Other loans primarily include certain loans originated in the tailored lending business within the Wealth Management business segment.

Past Due Status of Loans Held for Investment before Allowance

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Current

Past Due
1

Total

Corporate

$

6,046

$

—

$

6,046

Secured lending facilities

25,727

—

25,727

Commercial real estate

7,346

—

7,346

Residential real estate

34,936

332

35,268

Securities-based lending and Other loans

64,201

31

64,232

Total

$

138,256

$

363

$

138,619

1.
The majority of the amounts are past due for a period of less than 60 days.

Nonaccrual Loans Held for Investment before Allowance

$ in millions

AtDecember 31, 2020

AtDecember 31, 2019

Corporate

$

164

$

299 

Commercial real estate

152

85 

Residential real estate

97

94 

Securities-based lending and Other loans

178

5 

Total
1

$

591

$

483 

Nonaccrual loans without an ACL

$

90

$

120 

1.
Includes all HFI loans that are 90 days or more past due.

Troubled Debt Restructurings

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Loans, before ACL

$

167

$

92 

Lending commitments

27

32 

Allowance for loan losses and lending 

commitments

36

16 

Troubled debt restructurings typically include modifications of interest rates, collateral requirements, other loan covenants and payment extensions. See Note 2 for further information on TDR guidance issued by Congress in the CARES Act as well as by the U.S. banking agencies.

Allowance for Credit Losses Rollforward—Loans 

$ in millions

Corporate 

Secured lending facilities

CRE

Residential real estate

SBL and Other

Total

December 31, 2019

$

115 

$

101 

$

75 

$

25 

$

33 

$

349 

Effect of CECL adoption

(2)

(42)

34

21

(2)

9

Gross charge-offs

(39)

—

(64)

(1)

(1)

(105)

Recoveries

4

—

—

—

4

8

Net (charge-offs) recoveries

(35)

—

(64)

(1)

3

(97)

Provision (release)

225

136

197

14

(13)

559

Other

6

3

(31)

—

37

15

December 31, 2020

$

309

$

198

$

211

$

59

$

58

$

835

$ in millions

Corporate 

Secured lending facilities

CRE

Residential real estate

SBL and Other

Total

December 31, 2018

$

62 

$

60 

$

67 

$

20 

$

29 

$

238 

Gross charge-offs

— 

— 

— 

(2)

— 

(2)

Provision (release)

59 

42 

8 

7 

4 

120 

Other

(6)

(1)

— 

— 

— 

(7)

December 31, 2019

$

115 

$

101 

$

75 

$

25 

$

33 

$

349 

$ in millions

Corporate 

Secured lending facilities

CRE

Residential real estate

SBL and Other

Total

December 31, 2017

$

63 

$

41 

$

70 

$

24 

$

26 

$

224 

Gross charge-offs

(1)

— 

— 

(1)

(4)

(6)

Recoveries

54 

— 

— 

— 

— 

54 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries

53 

— 

— 

(1)

(4)

48 

Provision (release)
1

(53)

20 

5 

(3)

7 

(24)

Other

(1)

(1)

(8)

— 

— 

(10)

December 31, 2018

$

62 

$

60 

$

67 

$

20 

$

29 

$

238 

1.
During 2018, the release was primarily due to the recovery of an energy industry related loan charged off in 2017.

December 2020 Form 10-K

120

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Allowance for Credit Losses Rollforward—Lending Commitments

$ in millions

Corporate 

Secured lending facilities

CRE

Residential real estate

SBL and Other

Total

December 31, 2019

$

201 

$

27 

$

7 

$

— 

$

6 

$

241 

Effect of CECL adoption

(41)

(11)

1

2

(1)

(50)

Provision (release)

161

22

7

(1)

14

203

Other

2

—

(4)

—

4

2

December 31, 2020

$

323

$

38

$

11

$

1

$

23

$

396

$ in millions

Corporate 

Secured lending facilities

CRE

Residential real estate

SBL and Other

Total

December 31, 2018

$

177 

$

16 

$

3 

$

— 

$

7 

$

203 

Provision (release)

27 

11 

4 

— 

— 

42 

Other

(3)

— 

— 

— 

(1)

(4)

December 31, 2019

$

201 

$

27 

$

7 

$

— 

$

6 

$

241 

$ in millions

Corporate 

Secured lending facilities

CRE

Residential real estate

SBL and Other

Total

December 31, 2017

$

177 

$

12 

$

3 

$

— 

$

6 

$

198 

Provision (release)

3 

4 

1 

— 

1 

9 

Other

(3)

— 

(1)

— 

— 

(4)

December 31, 2018

$

177 

$

16 

$

3 

$

— 

$

7 

$

203 

CRE—Commercial real estate

SBL—Securities-based lending

The aggregate allowance for loans and lending commitments increased in 2020, reflecting the provision for credit losses within the Institutional Securities business segment principally resulting from the continued economic impact of COVID-19, partially offset by charge-offs. The provision was primarily the result of actual and forecasted changes in asset quality trends, as well as risks related to uncertainty in the outlook for the sectors in focus due to COVID-19. Charge-offs in 2020 were primarily related to certain Commercial real estate and Corporate loans in the Institutional Securities business segment. The base scenario used in our ACL models as of December 31, 2020 was generated using a combination of industry consensus economic forecasts, forward rates, and internally developed and validated models. Given the nature of our lending portfolio, the most sensitive model input is U.S. GDP. The base scenario, among other things, assumes a continued recovery through 2021, supported by fiscal stimulus and monetary policy measures. 

See Note 2 for a description of the ACL calculated under the CECL methodology, including credit quality indicators, used for HFI loans beginning in 2020 and for a summary of the differences compared with the Firm’s ACL methodology under the prior incurred loss model. 

Employee Loans

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Currently employed by the Firm
1

$

3,100

N/A

No longer employed by the Firm
2

140

N/A

Employee loans

$

3,240

$

2,980 

ACL
3

(165)

(61)

Employee loans, net of ACL

$

3,075

$

2,919 

Remaining repayment term, weighted average in years

5.3

4.8

1.
These loans are predominantly current.

2.
These loans are predominantly past due for a period of 90 days or more.

3.
The change in ACL includes a $124 million increase due to the adoption of CECL in the first quarter of 2020.

Employee loans are granted in conjunction with a program established primarily to recruit certain Wealth Management representatives, are full recourse and generally require periodic repayments, and are due in full upon termination of employment with the Firm. These loans are recorded in Customer and other receivables in the balance sheets. The ACL as of December 31, 2020 was calculated under the CECL methodology, while the ACL at December 31, 2019 was calculated under the prior incurred loss model. The related provision is recorded in Compensation and benefits expense in the income statements. See Note 2 for a description of the CECL allowance methodology, including credit quality indicators, for employee loans.

11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill Rollforward

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

Total

At December 31, 2018¹

$

274 

$

5,533 

$

881 

$

6,688 

Foreign currency and other

(13)

(1)

— 

(14)

Acquired
2

— 

469 

— 

469 

At December 31, 2019¹

$

261 

$

6,001 

$

881 

$

7,143 

Foreign currency and other

15

7

—

22

Acquired
3

200

4,270

—

4,470

At December 31, 2020
1

$

476

$

10,278

$

881

$

11,635

Accumulated impairments
4

$

673 

$

— 

$

27 

$

700 

IS—Institutional Securities

WM—Wealth Management

IM—Investment Management

1.
Balances represent the amount of the Firm’s goodwill after accumulated impairments.

2.
Amounts reflect the impact of the Firm's acquisition of Solium Capital Inc. in the second quarter of 2019.

3.
The Wealth Management amount reflects the impact of the Firm's acquisition of E*TRADE in the fourth quarter of 2020.

4.

Accumulated impairments were recorded prior to the periods shown. There were no impairments recorded in 2020, 2019 or 2018.

The Firm's annual goodwill impairment testing as of July 1, 2020 and 2019 did not indicate any goodwill impairment, as reporting units with goodwill had a fair value that was in excess of carrying value.

121

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Net Amortizable Intangible Assets Rollforward

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM 

Total

At December 31, 2018

$

270 

$

1,828 

$

60 

$

2,158 

Acquired
1

3 

270 

— 

273 

Disposals

(29)

— 

— 

(29)

Amortization expense

(35)

(271)

(8)

(314)

Other

18 

1 

— 

19 

At December 31, 2019

$

227 

$

1,828 

$

52 

$

2,107 

Acquired
2

14

3,309

—

3,323

Disposals

(79)

—

—

(79)

Amortization expense

(35)

(330)

(8)

(373)

Other

—

2

—

2

At December 31, 2020

$

127

$

4,809

$

44

$

4,980

1.
Amounts principally reflect the impact of the Firm's acquisition of Solium Capital Inc. in the second quarter of 2019.

2.
The Wealth Management amount principally reflects the impact of the Firm's acquisition of E*TRADE in the fourth quarter of 2020.

Gross Amortizable Intangible Assets by Type

At December 31, 2020

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

GrossCarrying
Amount

AccumulatedAmortization

GrossCarrying
Amount

AccumulatedAmortization

Tradenames

$

460

$

82

$

291 

$

71 

Customer relationships

7,420

2,984

4,321 

2,703 

Management contracts

178

120

482 

327 

Other

187

79

217 

103 

Total

$

8,245

$

3,265

$

5,311 

$

3,204 

Estimated annual amortization expense for the next five years

$

470

12. Other Assets—Equity Method Investments and Leases 

Equity Method Investments 

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Investments

$

2,410

$

2,363 

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Income (loss)
1

$

—

$

(81)

$

20 

1.
Includes impairments of the Investment Management business segment’s equity method investments as follows: $41 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 related to a third-party asset manager, and $
46 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 related to a separate third-party asset manager.

Equity method investments, other than investments in certain fund interests, are summarized above and are included in Other assets in the balance sheets with related income or loss included in Other revenues in the income statements. See “Net Asset Value Measurements—Fund Interests” in Note 5 for the carrying value of certain of the Firm’s fund interests, which are comprised of general and limited partnership interests, as well as any related carried interest. 

Japanese Securities Joint Venture

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Income from investment in MUMSS

$

80

$

17 

$

105 

The Firm and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (“MUFG”) formed a joint venture in Japan comprising their respective investment banking and securities businesses by 

forming two joint venture companies, Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd. (“MUMSS”) and Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. (“MSMS”) (the “Joint Venture”). The Firm owns a 40% economic interest in the Joint Venture, and MUFG owns the other 
60%.

The Firm’s 40% voting interest in MUMSS is accounted for under the equity method within the Institutional Securities business segment and is included in the equity method investment balances above. The Firm consolidates MSMS into the Institutional Securities business segment, based on its 
51% voting interest.

The Firm engages in transactions in the ordinary course of business with MUFG and its affiliates; for example, investment banking, financial advisory, sales and trading, derivatives, investment management, lending, securitization and other financial services transactions. Such transactions are on substantially the same terms as those that would be available to unrelated third parties for comparable transactions. 

Leases

The Firm’s leases are principally non-cancelable operating real estate leases.

Balance Sheet Amounts Related to Leases

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Other assets—ROU assets

$

4,419

$

3,998 

Other liabilities and accrued expenses—Lease liabilities

5,327

4,778 

Weighted average:

Remaining lease term, in years

9.5

9.7

Discount rate

3.2

%

3.6 

%

Lease Liabilities

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

2020

$

—

$

763 

2021

841

703 

2022

793

646 

2023

740

593 

2024

639

524 

2025

532

439 

Thereafter

2,685

2,406 

Total undiscounted cash flows

6,230

6,074 

Imputed interest

(903)

(1,296)

Amount on balance sheet

$

5,327

$

4,778 

Committed leases not yet commenced

$

278

$

55 

December 2020 Form 10-K

122

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Lease Costs

$ in millions

2020

2019

Fixed costs

$

762

$

670 

Variable costs
1

154

152 

Less: Sublease income

(5)

(6)

Total lease cost, net

$

911

$

816 

1.
Includes common area maintenance charges and other variable costs not included in the measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities.

Cash Flows Statement Supplemental Information

$ in millions

2020

2019

Cash outflows—Lease liabilities

$

765

$

685 

Non-cash—ROU assets recorded for new and modified leases

991

514 

Rent Expense

$ in millions

2018

Rent expense

753 

Occupancy lease agreements, in addition to base rentals, generally provide for rent and operating expense escalations resulting from increased assessments for real estate taxes and other charges.

13. Deposits 

Deposits

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Savings and demand deposits

$

279,221

$

149,465 

Time deposits

31,561

40,891 

Total

$

310,782

$

190,356 

Deposits subject to FDIC insurance

$

234,211

$

149,966 

Time deposits that equal or exceed the 

FDIC insurance limit

$

16

$

12 

Time Deposit Maturities

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

2021

$

18,477

2022

4,982

2023

4,094

2024

2,718

2025

778

Thereafter

512

Total

$

31,561

14. Borrowings and Other Secured Financings

Maturities and Terms of Borrowings

Parent Company

Subsidiaries

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Fixed Rate
1

Variable Rate
2

Fixed Rate
1

Variable Rate
2

Original maturities of one year or less:

Next 12 months

$

—

$

1

$

—

$

3,690

$

3,691

$

2,567 

Original maturities greater than one year:

2020

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

20,402 

2021

14,341

3,329

616

5,955

24,241

26,085 

2022

6,909

9,703

764

4,833

22,209

19,888 

2023

10,853

6,299

123

5,615

22,890

14,615 

2024

14,096

2,013

387

5,231

21,727

21,106 

2025

10,719

617

1,547

5,753

18,636

14,642 

Thereafter

76,499

4,444

8,301

14,441

103,685

73,322 

Total

$

133,417

$

26,405

$

11,738

$

41,828

$

213,388

$

190,060 

Total borrowings

$

133,417

$

26,406

$

11,738

$

45,518

$

217,079

$

192,627 

Weighted average coupon at period end
3

3.3

%

1.0

%

0.9

%

N/M

2.9

%

3.4

%

1.
Fixed rate borrowings include instruments with step-up, step-down and zero coupon features.

2.
Variable rate borrowings include those that bear interest based on a variety of indices, including LIBOR, federal funds rates and SOFR, in addition to certain notes carried at fair value with various payment provisions, including notes linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures. 

3.
Only includes borrowings with original maturities greater than one year. Weighted average coupon is calculated utilizing U.S. and non-U.S. dollar interest rates and excludes financial instruments for which the fair value option was elected. Virtually all of the variable rate notes issued by subsidiaries are carried at fair value so a weighted average coupon is not meaningful.

Borrowings with Original Maturities Greater than One Year

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Senior

$

202,305

$

179,519 

Subordinated

11,083

10,541 

Total

$

213,388

$

190,060 

Weighted average stated maturity, in years

7.3

6.9

Certain senior debt securities are denominated in various non-U.S. dollar currencies and may be structured to provide a return that is linked to equity, credit, commodity or other indices (
e.g.
, the consumer price index). Senior debt also may be structured to be callable by the Firm or extendible at the option of holders of the senior debt securities.

The Firm’s Borrowings include notes carried and managed on a fair value basis. These include instruments whose payments and redemption values are linked to the performance of a specific index, a basket of stocks, a specific equity security, a commodity, a credit exposure or basket of credit exposures; and instruments with various interest-rate-related features, including step-ups, step-downs and zero coupons. To minimize the exposure from such instruments, the Firm has entered into various swap contracts and purchased options that effectively convert the borrowing costs into floating rates. The swaps and purchased options used to economically hedge the embedded features are derivatives and also are carried at fair value. Changes in fair value related to the notes and economic hedges are reported in Trading revenues. See Notes 

123

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2 and 6 for further information on borrowings carried at fair value.

Senior Debt Subject to Put Options or Liquidity Obligations

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Put options embedded in debt agreements

$

94

$

290 

Liquidity obligations
1

$

1,483

$

1,344 

1.
Includes obligations to support secondary market trading.

Subordinated Debt

2020

2019

Contractual weighted average coupon

4.5

%

4.5 

%

Subordinated debt generally is issued to meet the capital requirements of the Firm or its regulated subsidiaries and primarily is U.S. dollar denominated. Maturities of subordinated debt range from 2022 to 2027. 

Rates for Borrowings with Original Maturities Greater than One Year

At December 31,

2020

2019

2018

Contractual weighted average coupon
1

2.9

%

3.4 

%

3.5 

%

Effective weighted average coupon after swaps

1.7

%

2.9 

%

3.6 

%

1.
Weighted average coupon was calculated utilizing U.S. and non-U.S. dollar interest rates and excludes financial instruments for which the fair value option was elected.

In general, other than securities inventories and customer balances financed by secured funding sources, the majority of the Firm’s assets are financed with a combination of deposits, short-term funding, floating rate long-term debt or fixed rate long-term debt swapped to a floating rate. The Firm uses interest rate swaps to more closely match these borrowings to the duration, holding period and interest rate characteristics of the assets being funded and to manage interest rate risk. These swaps effectively convert certain of the Firm’s fixed rate borrowings into floating rate obligations. In addition, for non-U.S. dollar currency borrowings that are not used to fund assets in the same currency, the Firm has entered into currency swaps that effectively convert the borrowings into U.S. dollar obligations.

The Firm’s use of swaps for asset and liability management affects its effective average borrowing rate.

Other Secured Financings

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Original maturities:

One year or less

$

10,453

$

7,103 

Greater than one year

5,410

7,595 

Total

$

15,863

$

14,698 

Transfers of assets accounted for as secured financings

1,529

1,115 

Maturities and Terms of Other Secured Financings
1

At December 31, 2020

AtDecember 31,
2019 

$ in millions

FixedRate

Variable

Rate
2

Total

Original maturities of one year or less:

Next 12 months

$

6,099

$

4,354

$

10,453

$

7,103 

Original maturities greater than one year:

2020

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

1,663 

2021

1,270

385

1,655

1,110 

2022

605

800

1,405

227 

2023

191

88

279

2,655 

2024

—

96

96

12 

2025

38

—

38

36 

Thereafter

23

385

408

777 

Total

$

2,127

$

1,754

$

3,881

$

6,480 

Weighted average coupon at period-end
3

N/M

0.5

%

0.6

%

2.4 

%

1.
Excludes transfers of assets accounted for as secured financings. See subsequent table.

2.
Variable rate other secured financings bear interest based on a variety of indices, including LIBOR and federal funds rates. Amounts include notes carried at fair value with various payment provisions, including notes linked to equity, credit, commodity or other indices.

3.
Includes only other secured financings with original maturities greater than one year. Weighted average coupon is calculated utilizing U.S. and non-U.S. dollar interest rates and excludes other secured financings that are linked to non-interest indices and for which the fair value option was elected.

Other secured financings include the liabilities related to certain ELNs, transfers of financial assets that are accounted for as financings rather than sales, pledged commodities, consolidated VIEs where the Firm is deemed to be the primary beneficiary and other secured borrowings. These liabilities are generally payable from the cash flows of the related assets accounted for as Trading assets. See Note 16 for further information on other secured financings related to VIEs and securitization activities. 

Maturities of Transfers of Assets Accounted for as Secured Financings
1

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

2020

$

—

$

208 

2021

303

225 

2022

159

46 

2023

626

334 

2024

14

— 

2025

—

— 

Thereafter

427

302 

Total

$

1,529

$

1,115 

1.
Excludes Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities loaned.

For transfers of assets that fail to meet accounting criteria for a sale, the Firm continues to record the assets and recognizes the associated liabilities in the balance sheets. 

December 2020 Form 10-K

124

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

15. Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 

Commitments

Years to Maturity at December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Less than 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Lending:

Corporate

$

15,362

$

37,720

$

39,886

$

5,896

$

98,864

Secured lending facilities

5,574

4,790

1,399

271

12,034

Commercial and Residential real estate

432

244

88

244

1,008

Securities-based lending and Other

12,178

3,063

225

483

15,949

Forward-starting secured financing receivables

57,164

—

—

—

57,164

Central counterparty
1

300

—

—

9,286

9,586

Underwriting

3,037

—

—

—

3,037

Investment activities

804

215

73

316

1,408

Letters of credit and other financial guarantees

174

1

—

3

178

Total

$

95,025

$

46,033

$

41,671

$

16,499

$

199,228

Lending commitments participated to third parties

$

9,035

Forward-starting secured financing receivables settled within three business days

$

54,542

1.

Beginning in 2020, commitments to central counterparties are presented separately; these commitments were previously included in Corporate Lending commitments and Forward-starting secured financing receivables depending on the type of agreement. 

Since commitments associated with these instruments may expire unused, the amounts shown do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements.

Types of Commitments

Lending Commitments.
  Lending commitments primarily represent the notional amount of legally binding obligations to provide funding to clients for different types of loan transactions. For syndications that are led by the Firm, the lending commitments accepted by the borrower but not yet closed are net of the amounts agreed to by counterparties that will participate in the syndication. For syndications that the Firm participates in and does not lead, lending commitments accepted by the borrower but not yet closed include only the amount that the Firm expects it will be allocated from the lead syndicate bank. Due to the nature of the Firm’s obligations under the commitments, these amounts include certain commitments participated to third parties.

Forward-Starting Secured Financing Receivables.
  This amount includes securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed that the Firm has entered into prior to the balance sheet date that will settle after the balance sheet date. These transactions are primarily secured by collateral from U.S. government agency securities and other sovereign government obligations when they are funded.

Central Counterparty. 
 These commitments relate to the Firm’s membership in certain clearinghouses and are contingent upon the default of a clearinghouse member or other stress events.

Underwriting Commitments.
  The Firm provides underwriting commitments in connection with its capital raising sources to a diverse group of corporate and other institutional clients.

Investment Activities.
  The Firm sponsors several non-consolidated investment management funds for third-party investors where it typically acts as general partner of, and investment advisor to, these funds and typically commits to invest a minority of the capital of such funds, with subscribing third-party investors contributing the majority. The Firm has contractual capital commitments, guarantees and counterparty arrangements with respect to these investment management funds.

Letters of Credit and Other Financial Guarantees. 
 The Firm has outstanding letters of credit and other financial guarantees issued by third-party banks to certain of the Firm’s counterparties. The Firm is contingently liable for these letters of credit and other financial guarantees, which are primarily used to provide collateral for securities and commodities traded and to satisfy various margin requirements in lieu of depositing cash or securities with these counterparties.

125

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Guarantees

Obligations under Guarantee Arrangements at December 31, 2020

Maximum Potential Payout/Notional

Years to Maturity

$ in millions

Lessthan 1

1-3

3-5

Over 5

Total

Credit derivatives

$

24,428

$

43,350

$

116,780

$

38,830

$

223,388

Other credit contracts

—

194

—

91

285

Non-credit derivatives

1,308,747

1,010,126

337,949

805,802

3,462,624

Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees issued
1

1,136

1,395

1,217

3,676

7,424

Market value guarantees

87

25

—

—

112

Liquidity facilities

4,425

—

—

—

4,425

Whole loan sales guarantees

—

—

24

23,157

23,181

Securitization representations and warranties

—

—

—

66,556

66,556

General partner guarantees

150

120

32

118

420

Client clearing guarantees

87

—

—

—

87

$ in millions

CarryingAmount
Asset
(Liability)

Credit derivatives
2

$

1,227

Other credit contracts

(4)

Non-credit derivatives
2

(65,640)

Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees issued
1

111

Market value guarantees

—

Liquidity facilities

5

Whole loan sales guarantees

—

Securitization representations and warranties
3

(42)

General partner guarantees

(70)

Client clearing guarantees

—

1.
These amounts include certain issued standby letters of credit participated to third parties, totaling $0.6 billion of notional and collateral/recourse, due to the nature of the Firm’s obligations under these arrangements. As of December 31, 2020, the carrying amount of standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees issued includes an allowance for credit losses of $
81 million.

2.
The carrying amounts of derivative contracts that meet the accounting definition of a guarantee are shown on a gross basis. For further information on derivatives contracts, see Note 7. 

3.
Primarily related to residential mortgage securitizations.

Types of Guarantees

Derivative Contracts.
 Certain derivative contracts meet the accounting definition of a guarantee, including certain written options, contingent forward contracts and CDS (see Note 7 regarding credit derivatives in which the Firm has sold credit protection to the counterparty). All derivative contracts that could meet this accounting definition of a guarantee are included in the previous table, with the notional amount used as the maximum potential payout for certain derivative contracts, such as written interest rate caps and written foreign currency options. The Firm evaluates collateral requirements for all derivatives, including derivatives that do not meet the accounting definition of a guarantee. For the effects of cash collateral and counterparty netting, see Note 7.

In certain situations, collateral may be held by the Firm for those contracts that meet the definition of a guarantee. Generally, the Firm sets collateral requirements by 

counterparty so that the collateral covers various transactions and products and is not allocated specifically to individual contracts. Also, the Firm may recover amounts related to the underlying asset delivered to the Firm under the derivative contract.

Standby Letters of Credit and Other Financial Guarantees Issued.
 In connection with its corporate lending business and other corporate activities, the Firm provides standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees to counterparties. Such arrangements represent obligations to make payments to third parties if the counterparty fails to fulfill its obligation under a borrowing arrangement or other contractual obligation. A majority of the Firm’s standby letters of credit are provided on behalf of counterparties that are investment grade. If the counterparty fails to fulfill its contractual obligation, the Firm has access to collateral or recourse that would approximate its obligation.

Market Value Guarantees.
 Market value guarantees are issued to guarantee timely payment of a specified return to investors in certain affordable housing tax credit funds. These guarantees are designed to return an investor’s contribution to a fund and the investor’s share of tax losses and tax credits expected to be generated by a fund.

Liquidity Facilities.
 The Firm has entered into liquidity facilities with SPEs and other counterparties, whereby the Firm is required to make certain payments if losses or defaults occur. Primarily, the Firm acts as liquidity provider to municipal bond securitization SPEs and for standalone municipal bonds in which the holders of beneficial interests issued by these SPEs or the holders of the individual bonds, respectively, have the right to tender their interests for purchase by the Firm on specified dates at a specified price. The Firm often may have recourse to the underlying assets held by the SPEs in the event payments are required under such liquidity facilities, as well as make-whole or recourse provisions with the trust sponsors. The recourse amount often exceeds the maximum potential payout amount of the guarantee. Substantially all of the underlying assets in the SPEs are investment grade. Liquidity facilities provided to municipal tender option bond trusts are classified as derivatives.

Whole Loan Sales Guarantees.
 The Firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain whole loan sales. Under certain circumstances, the Firm may be required to repurchase such assets or make other payments related to such assets if such representations and warranties are breached. The Firm’s maximum potential payout related to such representations and warranties is equal to the current UPB of such loans. Since the Firm no longer services these loans, it has no information on the current UPB of those loans, and accordingly, the amount included in the previous table represents the UPB at the time of the whole loan sale or at the time when the Firm last serviced any of those loans. The current UPB balances could be substantially lower than the maximum potential payout 

December 2020 Form 10-K

126

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

amount included in the previous table. The related liability primarily relates to sales of loans to the federal mortgage agencies.

Securitization Representations and Warranties.
 As part of the Firm’s Institutional Securities business segment’s securitizations and related activities, the Firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain assets transferred in securitization transactions sponsored by the Firm. The extent and nature of the representations and warranties, if any, vary among different securitizations. Under certain circumstances, the Firm may be required to repurchase certain assets or make other payments related to such assets if such representations and warranties are breached. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Firm could be required to make would be equal to the current outstanding balances of, or losses associated with, the assets subject to breaches of such representations and warranties. The amount included in the previous table for the maximum potential payout includes the current UPB or historical losses where known, and the UPB at the time of sale when the current UPB is not known.

General Partner Guarantees.
 As a general partner in certain investment management funds, the Firm receives certain distributions from the partnerships when the return exceeds specified performance targets according to the provisions of the partnership agreements. The Firm may be required to return all or a portion of such distributions to the limited partners in the event the limited partners do not achieve a certain return as specified in the various partnership agreements, subject to certain limitations.

Client Clearing Guarantees.
 In 2019, the Firm became a sponsoring member of the Government Securities Division of the FICC's Sponsored Clearing Model. Clients of the Firm, as sponsored members, can transact in overnight securities repurchase and resale agreements, which are cleared through the FICC. As sponsoring member, the Firm guarantees to the FICC the prompt and full payment and performance of its clients’ obligations. In 2020, the FICC’s sponsored clearing model was updated such that the Firm could be responsible for liquidation of a sponsored member’s account and guarantees any resulting loss to the FICC in the event the sponsored member fails to fully pay any net liquidation amount due from the sponsored member to the FICC. Accordingly, the Firm’s maximum potential payout amount reflects the total of the estimated net liquidation amounts for sponsored member accounts. The Firm minimizes credit exposure under this guarantee by obtaining a security interest in its sponsored member clients’ collateral and their contractual rights under sponsored member transactions. Therefore, the Firm's exposure is estimated to be an amount substantially lower than the maximum potential payout amount. The collateral amount in which the Firm has a security interest is approximately equal to the maximum potential payout amount of the guarantee.

Other Guarantees and Indemnities

In the normal course of business, the Firm provides guarantees and indemnifications in a variety of transactions. These provisions generally are standard contractual terms. Certain of these guarantees and indemnifications are described below:

•
Indemnities
. The Firm provides standard indemnities to counterparties for certain contingent exposures and taxes, including U.S. and foreign withholding taxes, on interest and other payments made on derivatives, securities and stock lending transactions, certain annuity products and other financial arrangements. These indemnity payments could be required based on a change in the tax laws, a change in interpretation of applicable tax rulings or a change in factual circumstances. Certain contracts contain provisions that enable the Firm to terminate the agreement upon the occurrence of such events. The maximum potential amount of future payments that the Firm could be required to make under these indemnifications cannot be estimated.

•
Exchange/Clearinghouse Member Guarantees.
 The Firm is a member of various exchanges and clearinghouses that trade and clear securities and/or derivative contracts. Associated with its membership, the Firm may be required to pay a certain amount as determined by the exchange or the clearinghouse in case of a default of any of its members or pay a proportionate share of the financial obligations of another member that may default on its obligations to the exchange or the clearinghouse. While the rules governing different exchange or clearinghouse memberships and the forms of these guarantees may vary, in general the Firm’s obligations under these rules would arise only if the exchange or clearinghouse had previously exhausted its resources.

In addition, some clearinghouse rules require members to assume a proportionate share of losses resulting from the clearinghouse’s investment of guarantee fund contributions and initial margin, and of other losses unrelated to the default of a clearing member, if such losses exceed the specified resources allocated for such purpose by the clearinghouse.

The maximum potential payout under these rules cannot be estimated. The Firm has not recorded any contingent liability in its financial statements for these agreements and believes that any potential requirement to make payments under these agreements is remote.

•
Merger and Acquisition Guarantees.
 The Firm may, from time to time, in its role as investment banking advisor be required to provide guarantees in connection with certain European merger and acquisition transactions. If required by the regulating authorities, the Firm provides a guarantee that the acquirer in the transaction has or will have sufficient funds to complete the transaction and would then be required to make the acquisition payments in the event 

127

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

the acquirer’s funds are insufficient at the completion date of the transaction. These arrangements generally cover the time frame from the transaction offer date to its closing date and, therefore, are generally short term in nature. The Firm believes the likelihood of any payment by the Firm under these arrangements is remote given the level of its due diligence in its role as investment banking advisor.

In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the Firm guarantees the debt and/or certain trading obligations (including obligations associated with derivatives, foreign exchange contracts and the settlement of physical commodities) of certain subsidiaries. These guarantees generally are entity or product specific and are required by investors or trading counterparties. The activities of the Firm’s subsidiaries covered by these guarantees (including any related debt or trading obligations) are included in the financial statements.

Contingencies

Legal

In addition to the matters described in the following paragraphs, in the normal course of business, the Firm has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with its activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. In some cases, the entities that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or are in financial distress. These actions have included, but are not limited to, residential mortgage and credit crisis-related matters.

While the Firm has identified below any individual proceedings where the Firm believes a material loss to be reasonably possible and reasonably estimable, there can be no assurance that material losses will not be incurred from claims that have not yet been asserted or those where potential losses have not yet been determined to be probable or possible, and reasonably estimable.

The Firm contests liability and/or the amount of damages as appropriate in each pending matter. Where available information indicates that it is probable a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the Firm can reasonably estimate the amount of that loss, the Firm accrues the estimated loss by a charge to income.

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Legal expenses

$

336

$

221 

$

206 

The Firm’s legal expenses can, and may in the future, fluctuate from period to period, given the current environment regarding government investigations and private litigation affecting global financial services firms, including the Firm.

In many proceedings and investigations, however, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible or to estimate the amount of any loss. In addition, even where a loss is possible or an exposure to loss exists in excess of the liability already accrued with respect to a previously recognized loss contingency, it is not always possible to reasonably estimate the size of the possible loss or range of loss, particularly for proceedings and investigations where the factual record is being developed or contested or where plaintiffs or government entities seek substantial or indeterminate damages, restitution, disgorgement or penalties. Numerous issues may need to be resolved before a loss or additional loss, or range of loss or additional range of loss, can be reasonably estimated for a proceeding or investigation, including through potentially lengthy discovery and determination of important factual matters, determination of issues related to class certification and the calculation of damages or other relief, and by addressing novel or unsettled legal questions relevant to the proceedings or investigations in question.

For certain other legal proceedings and investigations, the Firm can estimate reasonably possible losses, additional losses, ranges of loss or ranges of additional loss in excess of amounts accrued but does not believe, based on current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, that such losses could have a material adverse effect on the Firm’s financial statements as a whole, other than the matters referred to in the following paragraphs.

On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank (“CDIB”) filed a complaint against the Firm, styled 
China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated et al
., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County (“Supreme Court of NY”). The complaint relates to a $275 million CDS referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that the Firm misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that the Firm knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the CDS with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages related to the approximately $
228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the CDS, rescission of CDIB’s obligation to pay an additional $
12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and costs. On February 28, 2011, the court denied the Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. On December 21, 2018, the court denied the Firm’s motion for summary judgment and granted in part the Firm’s motion for sanctions relating to spoliation of evidence. On January 18, 2019, CDIB filed a motion to clarify and resettle the portion of the court’s December 21, 2018 order granting spoliation sanctions. On January 24, 2019, CDIB filed a notice of appeal from the court’s December 21, 2018 order, and the Firm filed a notice of appeal from the same order. On March 7, 2019, the court denied the relief sought by CDIB in its January 18, 2019 motion. On May 21, 2020, the Appellate Division, First Department (“First Department”), 

December 2020 Form 10-K

128

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

modified the Supreme Court of NY’s order to deny the Firm’s motion for sanctions relating to spoliation of evidence and otherwise affirmed the denial of the Firm’s motion for summary judgment. On June 19, 2020, the Firm moved for leave to appeal the First Department’s decision to the New York Court of Appeals (“Court of Appeals”), which the First Department denied on July 24, 2020. Based on currently available information, the Firm believes it could incur a loss in this action of up to approximately $240 million plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs.

On September 23, 2014, Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (“FGIC”) filed a complaint against the Firm in the Supreme Court of NY styled 
Financial Guaranty Insurance Company v. Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. et al
. relating to the Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-NC4. The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract and fraudulent inducement and alleges, among other things, that the loans in the trust breached various representations and warranties and defendants made untrue statements and material omissions to induce FGIC to issue a financial guaranty policy on certain classes of certificates that had an original balance of approximately $876 million. The complaint seeks, among other relief, specific performance of the loan breach remedy procedures in the transaction documents, compensatory, consequential and punitive damages, attorneys’ fees, interest and costs. On January 23, 2017, the court denied the Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. On February 24, 2017, the Firm filed a notice of appeal of the denial of its motion to dismiss the complaint and perfected its appeal on November 22, 2017. On September 13, 2018, the First Department affirmed in part and reversed in part the lower court’s order denying the Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. On December 20, 2018, the First Department denied plaintiff’s motion for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeals or, in the alternative, for re-argument. Based on currently available information, the Firm believes that it could incur a loss in this action of up to approximately $
277 million, the total original unpaid balance of the mortgage loans for which the Firm received repurchase demands from a certificate holder and FGIC that the Firm did not repurchase, plus pre- and post- judgment interest, fees and costs, as well as claim payments that FGIC has made and will make in the future. In addition, plaintiff is seeking to expand the number of loans at issue and the possible range of loss could increase.

On January 23, 2015, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee, filed a complaint against the Firm styled 
Deutsche Bank National Trust Company solely in its capacity as Trustee of the Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-NC4 v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC as Successor-by-Merger to Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., and Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc.
, pending in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract and alleges, among other things, that the loans in the trust, which had an original principal balance of approximately $1.05 billion, 

breached various representations and warranties. The complaint seeks, among other relief, specific performance of the loan breach remedy procedures in the transaction documents, compensatory, consequential, rescissory, equitable and punitive damages, attorneys’ fees, costs and other related expenses, and interest. On December 11, 2015, the court granted in part and denied in part the Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. On October 19, 2018, the court granted the Firm’s motion for leave to amend its answer and to stay the case pending resolution of Deutsche Bank National Trust Company’s appeal to the Court of Appeals in another case, styled 
Deutsche Bank National Trust Company v. Barclays Bank PLC
, regarding the applicable statute of limitations. On January 17, 2019, the First Department reversed the trial court’s order to the extent that it had granted in part the Firm’s motion to dismiss the complaint. On June 4, 2019, the First Department granted the Firm’s motion for leave to appeal its January 17, 2019 decision to the Court of Appeals. On March 19, 2020, the Firm filed a motion for partial summary judgment. Based on currently available information, the Firm believes that it could incur a loss in this action of up to approximately $277 million, the total original unpaid balance of the mortgage loans for which the Firm received repurchase demands from a certificate holder and a monoline insurer that the Firm did not repurchase, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs, but plaintiff is seeking to expand the number of loans at issue and the possible range of loss could increase.

Tax

In matters styled 
Case number 15/3637
 and 
Case number 15/4353
, the Dutch Tax Authority (“Dutch Authority”) is challenging in the Dutch courts, the prior set-off by the Firm of approximately €124 million (approximately $
152 million) plus accrued interest of withholding tax credits against the Firm’s corporation tax liabilities for the tax years 2007 to 2013. The Dutch Authority alleges that the Firm was not entitled to receive the withholding tax credits on the basis, inter alia, that a Firm subsidiary did not hold legal title to certain securities subject to withholding tax on the relevant dates. The Dutch Authority has also alleged that the Firm failed to provide certain information to the Dutch Authority and keep adequate books and records. On April 26, 2018, the District Court in Amsterdam issued a decision dismissing the Dutch Authority’s claims with respect to certain of the tax years in dispute. On May 12, 2020, the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam granted the Dutch Authority’s appeal in matters re-styled 

Case number 18/00318
 and 
Case number 18/00319
. On June 22, 2020, the Firm filed an appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam before the Dutch High Court.

129

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

16. Variable Interest Entities and Securitization Activities 

Overview

The Firm is involved with various SPEs in the normal course of business. In most cases, these entities are deemed to be VIEs.

The Firm’s variable interests in VIEs include debt and equity interests, commitments, guarantees, derivative instruments and certain fees. The Firm’s involvement with VIEs arises primarily from:

•
Interests purchased in connection with market-making activities, securities held in its Investment securities portfolio and retained interests held as a result of securitization activities, including re-securitization transactions.

•
Guarantees issued and residual interests retained in connection with municipal bond securitizations.

•
Loans made to and investments in VIEs that hold debt, equity, real estate or other assets.

•
Derivatives entered into with VIEs.

•
Structuring of CLNs or other asset-repackaging notes designed to meet the investment objectives of clients.

•
Other structured transactions designed to provide tax-efficient yields to the Firm or its clients.

The Firm determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE upon its initial involvement with the VIE and reassesses whether it is the primary beneficiary on an ongoing basis as long as it has any continuing involvement with the VIE. This determination is based upon an analysis of the design of the VIE, including the VIE’s structure and activities, the power to make significant economic decisions held by the Firm and by other parties, and the variable interests owned by the Firm and other parties.

The power to make the most significant economic decisions may take a number of different forms in different types of VIEs. The Firm considers servicing or collateral management decisions as representing the power to make the most significant economic decisions in transactions such as securitizations or CDOs. As a result, the Firm does not consolidate securitizations or CDOs for which it does not act as the servicer or collateral manager unless it holds certain other rights to replace the servicer or collateral manager or to require the liquidation of the entity. If the Firm serves as servicer or collateral manager, or has certain other rights described in the previous sentence, the Firm analyzes the interests in the VIE that it holds and consolidates only those VIEs for which it holds a potentially significant interest in the VIE.

For many transactions, such as re-securitization transactions, CLNs and other asset-repackaging notes, there are no significant economic decisions made on an ongoing basis. In these cases, the Firm focuses its analysis on decisions made 

prior to the initial closing of the transaction and at the termination of the transaction. The Firm concluded in most of these transactions that decisions made prior to the initial closing were shared between the Firm and the initial investors based upon the nature of the assets, including whether the assets were issued in a transaction sponsored by the Firm and the extent of the information available to the Firm and to investors, the number, nature and involvement of investors, other rights held by the Firm and investors, the standardization of the legal documentation and the level of continuing involvement by the Firm, including the amount and type of interests owned by the Firm and by other investors. The Firm focused its control decision on any right held by the Firm or investors related to the termination of the VIE. Most re-securitization transactions, CLNs and other asset-repackaging notes have no such termination rights.

Consolidated VIE Assets and Liabilities by Type of Activity

At December 31, 2020

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

VIE Assets

VIE Liabilities

VIE Assets

VIE Liabilities

OSF

$

551

$

350

$

696 

$

391 

MABS
1

590

17

265 

4 

Other
2

977

47

987 

66 

Total

$

2,118

$

414

$

1,948 

$

461 

OSF—Other structured financings

1.
Amounts include transactions backed by residential mortgage loans, commercial mortgage loans and other types of assets, including consumer or commercial assets and may be in loan or security form. The value of assets is determined based on the fair value of the liabilities and the interests owned by the Firm in such VIEs as the fair values for the liabilities and interests owned are more observable.

2.
Other primarily includes operating entities, investment funds and structured transactions.

Consolidated VIE Assets and Liabilities by Balance Sheet Caption

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

269

$

488 

Trading assets at fair value

1,445

943 

Customer and other receivables

23

18 

Intangible assets

98

111 

Other assets

283

388 

Total

$

2,118

$

1,948 

Liabilities

Other secured financings

$

366

$

422 

Other liabilities and accrued expenses

48

39 

Total

$

414

$

461 

Noncontrolling interests

$

196

$

192 

Consolidated VIE assets and liabilities are presented in the previous tables after intercompany eliminations. Generally, most assets owned by consolidated VIEs cannot be removed unilaterally by the Firm and are not available to the Firm while the related liabilities issued by consolidated VIEs are non-recourse to the Firm. However, in certain consolidated VIEs, the Firm either has the unilateral right to remove assets or provides additional recourse through derivatives such as total return swaps, guarantees or other forms of involvement.

December 2020 Form 10-K

130

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

In general, the Firm’s exposure to loss in consolidated VIEs is limited to losses that would be absorbed on the VIE net assets recognized in its financial statements, net of amounts absorbed by third-party variable interest holders.

Non-consolidated VIEs

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

MABS
1

CDO

MTOB

OSF

Other
2

VIE assets (UPB)

$

184,153

$

3,527

$

6,524

$

2,161

$

48,241

Maximum exposure to loss
3

Debt and equity interests

$

26,247

$

257

$

—

$

1,187

$

11,008

Derivative and other contracts

—

—

4,425

—

5,639

Commitments, guarantees and other

929

—

—

—

749

Total

$

27,176

$

257

$

4,425

$

1,187

$

17,396

Carrying value of variable interests—Assets

Debt and equity interests

$

26,247

$

257

$

—

$

1,187

$

11,008

Derivative and other contracts

—

—

5

—

851

Total

$

26,247

$

257

$

5

$

1,187

$

11,859

Additional VIE assets owned
4

$

20,019

Carrying value of variable interests—Liabilities

Derivative and other contracts

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

222

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

MABS
1

CDO

MTOB

OSF

Other
2

VIE assets (UPB)

$

125,603 

$

2,976 

$

6,965 

$

2,288 

$

51,305 

Maximum exposure to loss
3

Debt and equity interests

$

16,314 

$

240 

$

— 

$

1,009 

$

11,977 

Derivative and other contracts

— 

— 

4,599 

— 

2,995 

Commitments, guarantees and other

631 

— 

— 

— 

266 

Total

$

16,945 

$

240 

$

4,599 

$

1,009 

$

15,238 

Carrying value of variable interests—Assets

Debt and equity interests

$

16,314 

$

240 

$

— 

$

1,008 

$

11,977 

Derivative and other contracts

— 

— 

6 

— 

388 

Total

$

16,314 

$

240 

$

6 

$

1,008 

$

12,365 

Additional VIE assets owned
4

$

11,453 

Carrying value of variable interests—Liabilities

Derivative and other contracts

$

— 

$

— 

$

— 

$

— 

$

444 

MTOB—Municipal tender option bonds

1.
Amounts include transactions backed by residential mortgage loans, commercial mortgage loans and other types of assets, including consumer or commercial assets. and may be in loan or security form. 

2.
Other primarily includes exposures to commercial real estate property and investment funds.

3.
Where notional amounts are utilized in quantifying the maximum exposure related to derivatives, such amounts do not reflect changes in fair value recorded by the Firm.

4.
Additional VIE assets owned represents the carrying value of total exposure to non-consolidated VIEs for which the maximum exposure to loss is less than specific thresholds, primarily interests issued by securitization SPEs. The Firm’s maximum exposure to loss generally equals the fair value of the assets owned. These assets are primarily included in Trading assets and Investment securities and are measured at fair value (see Note 5). The Firm does not provide additional support in these transactions through contractual facilities, guarantees or similar derivatives.

The majority of the VIEs included in the previous tables are sponsored by unrelated parties; examples of the Firm’s involvement with these VIEs include its secondary market-making activities and the securities held in its Investment securities portfolio (see Note 8).

The Firm’s maximum exposure to loss is dependent on the nature of the Firm’s variable interest in the VIE and is limited to the notional amounts of certain liquidity facilities and other credit support, total return swaps and written put options, as well as the fair value of certain other derivatives and investments the Firm has made in the VIE.

The Firm’s maximum exposure to loss in the previous tables does not include the offsetting benefit of hedges or any reductions associated with the amount of collateral held as part of a transaction with the VIE or any party to the VIE directly against a specific exposure to loss.

Liabilities issued by VIEs generally are non-recourse to the Firm.

Detail of Mortgage- and Asset-Backed Securitization Assets

At December 31, 2020

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

UPB

Debt andEquity
Interests

UPB

Debt andEquity
Interests

Residential mortgages

$

17,775

$

3,175

$

30,353 

$

3,993 

Commercial mortgages

62,093

4,131

53,892 

3,881 

U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations

99,182

17,224

36,366 

6,365 

Other consumer or commercial loans

5,103

1,717

4,992 

2,075 

Total

$

184,153

$

26,247

$

125,603 

$

16,314 

Securitization Activities

In a securitization transaction, the Firm transfers assets (generally commercial or residential mortgage loans or securities) to an SPE, sells to investors most of the beneficial interests, such as notes or certificates, issued by the SPE, and, in many cases, retains other beneficial interests. The purchase of the transferred assets by the SPE is financed through the sale of these interests.

In many securitization transactions involving commercial mortgage loans, the Firm transfers a portion of the assets to the SPE with unrelated parties transferring the remaining assets. In addition, mainly in securitization transactions involving residential mortgage loans, the Firm may also enter into derivative transactions, primarily interest rate swaps or interest rate caps, with the SPE.

Although not obligated, the Firm generally makes a market in the securities issued by SPEs in securitization transactions. As a market maker, the Firm offers to buy these securities from, and sell these securities to, investors. Securities purchased through these market-making activities are not considered to be retained interests; these beneficial interests generally are included in Trading assets—Corporate and other debt and are measured at fair value.

The Firm enters into derivatives, generally interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, with a senior payment priority in many securitization transactions. The risks associated with these and similar derivatives with SPEs are essentially the same as similar derivatives with non-SPE counterparties and are 

131

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

managed as part of the Firm’s overall exposure. See Note 7 for further information on derivative instruments and hedging activities.

Investment Securities

The Firm holds securities issued by VIEs within the Investment securities portfolio. These securities are composed of those related to transactions sponsored by the federal mortgage agencies and predominantly the most senior securities issued by VIEs backed by student loans and commercial mortgage loans. Transactions sponsored by the federal mortgage agencies include an explicit or implicit guarantee provided by the U.S. government. Additionally, the Firm holds certain commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by VIEs retained as a result of the Firm's securitization activities. See Note 8 for further information on the Investment securities portfolio.

Municipal Tender Option Bond Trusts

In a municipal tender option bond trust transaction, the client transfers a municipal bond to a trust. The trust issues short-term securities that the Firm, as the remarketing agent, sells to investors. The client generally retains a residual interest. The short-term securities are supported by a liquidity facility pursuant to which the investors may put their short-term interests. In most programs, a third-party provider will provide such liquidity facility; in some programs, the Firm provides this liquidity facility.

The Firm may, in lieu of purchasing short-term securities for remarketing, decide to extend a temporary loan to the trust. The client can generally terminate the transaction at any time. The liquidity provider can generally terminate the transaction upon the occurrence of certain events. When the transaction is terminated, the municipal bond is generally sold or returned to the client. Any losses suffered by the liquidity provider upon the sale of the bond are the responsibility of the client. This obligation is generally collateralized. Liquidity facilities provided to municipal tender option bond trusts are classified as derivatives. The Firm consolidates any municipal tender option bond trusts in which it holds the residual interest.

Credit Protection Purchased through Credit-Linked Notes

CLN transactions are designed to provide investors with exposure to certain credit risk on referenced assets. In these transactions, the Firm transfers assets (generally high-quality securities or money market investments) to an SPE, enters into a derivative transaction in which the SPE sells protection on an unrelated referenced asset or group of assets, through a credit derivative, and sells the securities issued by the SPE to investors. In some transactions, the Firm may also enter into interest rate or currency swaps with the SPE. Depending on the structure, the assets and liabilities of the SPE may be consolidated and recognized in the Firm’s balance sheets or accounted for as a sale of assets.

Upon the occurrence of a credit event related to the referenced asset, the SPE will deliver securities collateral as payment to the Firm, which exposes the Firm to changes in the collateral’s value.

Derivative payments by the SPE are collateralized. The risks associated with these and similar derivatives with SPEs are essentially the same as those with non-SPE counterparties and are managed as part of the Firm’s overall exposure.

Other Structured Financings

The Firm invests in interests issued by entities that develop and own low-income communities (including low-income housing projects) and entities that construct and own facilities that will generate energy from renewable resources. The interests entitle the Firm to a share of tax credits and tax losses generated by these projects. In addition, the Firm has issued guarantees to investors in certain low-income housing funds. The guarantees are designed to return an investor’s contribution to a fund and the investor’s share of tax losses and tax credits expected to be generated by the fund. The Firm is also involved with entities designed to provide tax-efficient yields to the Firm or its clients.

Collateralized Loan and Debt Obligations

CLOs and CDOs are SPEs that purchase a pool of assets consisting of corporate loans, corporate bonds, ABS or synthetic exposures on similar assets through derivatives, and issue multiple tranches of debt and equity securities to investors. The Firm underwrites the securities issued in certain CLO transactions on behalf of unaffiliated sponsors and provides advisory services to these unaffiliated sponsors. The Firm sells corporate loans to many of these SPEs, in some cases representing a significant portion of the total assets purchased. Although not obligated, the Firm generally makes a market in the securities issued by SPEs in these transactions and may retain unsold securities. These beneficial interests are included in Trading assets and are measured at fair value.

Equity-Linked Notes

ELN transactions are designed to provide investors with exposure to certain risks related to the specific equity security, equity index or other index. In an ELN transaction, the Firm typically transfers to an SPE either a note issued by the Firm, the payments on which are linked to the performance of a specific equity security, equity index or other index, or debt securities issued by other companies and a derivative contract, the terms of which will relate to the performance of a specific equity security, equity index or other index. These ELN transactions with SPEs were not consolidated at December 31, 2020 or December 31, 2019.

December 2020 Form 10-K

132

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Transferred Assets with Continuing Involvement

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

RML

CML

U.S. AgencyCMO

CLN and

Other
1

SPE assets (UPB)
2

$

7,515

$

84,674

$

21,061

$

12,978

Retained interests

Investment grade

$

49

$

822

$

615

$

—

Non-investment grade

16

195

—

114

Total

$

65

$

1,017

$

615

$

114

Interests purchased in the secondary market 

Investment grade

$

—

$

96

$

116

$

—

Non-investment grade

43

80

—

21

Total

$

43

$

176

$

116

$

21

Derivative assets 

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

400

Derivative liabilities 

—

—

—

436

December 31, 2019

$ in millions

RML

CML

U.S. AgencyCMO

CLN and

Other
1

SPE assets (UPB)
2

$

9,850 

$

86,203 

$

19,132 

$

8,410 

Retained interests

Investment grade

$

29 

$

720 

$

2,376 

$

1 

Non-investment grade

17 

254 

— 

92 

Total

$

46 

$

974 

$

2,376 

$

93 

Interests purchased in the secondary market 

Investment grade

$

6 

$

197 

$

77 

$

— 

Non-investment grade

75 

51 

— 

— 

Total

$

81 

$

248 

$

77 

$

— 

Derivative assets 

$

— 

$

— 

$

— 

$

339 

Derivative liabilities 

— 

— 

— 

145 

Fair Value at December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Retained interests

Investment grade

$

663

$

—

$

663

Non-investment grade

6

63

69

Total

$

669

$

63

$

732

Interests purchased in the secondary market

Investment grade

$

196

$

16

$

212

Non-investment grade

62

82

144

Total

$

258

$

98

$

356

Derivative assets

$

388

$

12

$

400

Derivative liabilities

435

1

436

Fair Value at December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Retained interests

Investment grade

$

2,401 

$

4 

$

2,405 

Non-investment grade

6 

97 

103 

Total

$

2,407 

$

101 

$

2,508 

Interests purchased in the secondary market

Investment grade

$

278 

$

2 

$

280 

Non-investment grade

68 

58 

126 

Total

$

346 

$

60 

$

406 

Derivative assets

$

337 

$

2 

$

339 

Derivative liabilities

144 

1 

145 

RML—Residential mortgage loans

CML—Commercial mortgage loans

1.
Amounts include CLO transactions managed by unrelated third parties.

2.
Amounts include assets transferred by unrelated transferors.

The previous tables include transactions with SPEs in which the Firm, acting as principal, transferred financial assets with continuing involvement and received sales treatment. The 

transferred assets are carried at fair value prior to securitization, and any changes in fair value are recognized in the income statements. The Firm may act as underwriter of the beneficial interests issued by these securitization vehicles, for which Investment banking revenues are recognized. The Firm may retain interests in the securitized financial assets as one or more tranches of the securitization. These retained interests are generally carried at fair value in the balance sheets with changes in fair value recognized in the income statements. Fair value for these interests is measured using techniques that are consistent with the valuation techniques applied to the Firm’s major categories of assets and liabilities as described in Notes 2 and 5. Further, as permitted by applicable guidance, certain transfers of assets where the Firm’s only continuing involvement is a derivative are only reported in the following Assets Sold with Retained Exposure table.

Proceeds from New Securitization Transactions and Sales of Loans

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

New transactions
1

$

51,814

$

34,464 

$

23,821 

Retained interests

9,346

7,403 

2,904 

Sales of corporate loans to CLO SPEs
1, 2

763

2 

317 

1.
Net gains on new transactions and sales of corporate loans to CLO entities at the time of the sale were not material for all periods presented.

2.
Sponsored by non-affiliates.

The Firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain assets transferred in securitization transactions sponsored by the Firm (see Note 15).

Assets Sold with Retained Exposure

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Gross cash proceeds from sale of assets
1

$

45,051

$

38,661 

Fair value

Assets sold

$

46,609

$

39,137 

Derivative assets recognized in the balance sheets

1,592

647 

Derivative liabilities recognized in the balance sheets

64

152 

1.
The carrying value of assets derecognized at the time of sale approximates gross cash proceeds.

The Firm enters into transactions in which it sells securities, primarily equities, and contemporaneously enters into bilateral OTC derivatives with the purchasers of the securities, through which it retains exposure to the sold securities.

17. Regulatory Requirements 

Regulatory Capital Framework

The Firm is an FHC under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is subject to the regulation and oversight of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve”). The Federal Reserve establishes 

133

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

capital requirements for the Firm, including well-capitalized standards, and evaluates the Firm’s compliance with such capital requirements. The OCC establishes similar capital requirements and standards for the Firm’s U.S. bank subsidiaries including, among others, MSBNA and MSPBNA. The regulatory capital requirements are largely based on the Basel III capital standards established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and also implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

Regulatory Capital Requirements

The Firm is required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage-based capital ratios under regulatory capital requirements. A summary of the calculations of regulatory capital and RWA follows.

Minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements apply to Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital (which includes Tier 2 capital). Capital standards require certain adjustments to, and deductions from, capital for purposes of determining these ratios.

In 2020, the U.S. banking agencies adopted a final rule, consistent with an interim final rule that was effective March 31, 2020, altering, for purposes of the regulatory capital rules, the required adoption time period for CECL. As of December 31, 2020, the risk-based and leverage-based capital amounts and ratios, as well as RWA, adjusted average assets and supplementary leverage exposure are calculated excluding the effect of the adoption of CECL based on the Firm’s election to defer this effect over a five-year transition period in accordance with the interim final rule. 

Risk-Based Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019

Standardized

Advanced

Standardized and Advanced

Capital buffers

Capital conservation buffer

—

2.5

%

2.5 

%

Stress capital buffer (“SCB”)

5.7

%

N/A

N/A

G-SIB capital surcharge

3.0

%

3.0

%

3.0

%

CCyB
1

0%

0%

0
%

Capital buffer requirement
2

8.7

%

5.5

%

5.5

%

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019

Regulatory Minimum

Standardized

Advanced

Standardized and Advanced

Required ratios
3

Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio

4.5

%

13.2

%

10.0

%

10.0

%

Tier 1 capital ratio

6.0

%

14.7

%

11.5

%

11.5

%

Total capital ratio

8.0

%

16.7

%

13.5

%

13.5

%

1.
The CCyB can be set up to 2.5%, but is currently set by the U.S. banking agencies at 
zero.

2.
The capital buffer requirement represents the amount of Common Equity Tier 1 capital the Firm must maintain above the minimum risk-based capital requirements in order to avoid restrictions on the Firm’s ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers. Beginning October 1, 2020, the Firm’s Standardized Approach capital buffer requirement is equal to the sum of the SCB, G-SIB capital surcharge and CCyB, and the Advanced Approach capital buffer requirement is equal to the 2.5% capital conservation buffer, G-SIB capital surcharge and CCyB.

3.
Required ratios represent the regulatory minimum plus the capital buffer requirement.

Risk-Weighted Assets

RWA reflects both the Firm’s on- and off-balance sheet risk, as well as capital charges attributable to the risk of loss arising from the following:

•
Credit risk: The failure of a borrower, counterparty or issuer to meet its financial obligations to the Firm;

•
Market risk: Adverse changes in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity; and

•
Operational risk: Inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human factors or from external events (
e.g.
, fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets).

The Firm’s risk-based capital ratios are computed under both (i) the standardized approaches for calculating credit risk and market risk RWA (“Standardized Approach”) and (ii) the applicable advanced approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk and operational risk RWA (“Advanced Approach”). The credit risk RWA calculations between the two approaches differ in that the Standardized Approach requires calculation of RWA using prescribed risk weights, whereas the Advanced Approach utilizes models to calculate exposure amounts and risk weights. At December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the differences between the actual and required ratio were lower under the Standardized Approach.

Minimum leverage-based capital requirements include a Tier 1 leverage ratio and an SLR. The Firm is required to maintain a Tier 1 SLR of 5%, inclusive of an enhanced SLR capital buffer of at least 
2%.

December 2020 Form 10-K

134

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Firm’s Regulatory Capital and Capital Ratios

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Required Ratio
1

Amount

Ratio

Risk-based capital

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

13.2

%

$

78,650

17.4

%

Tier 1 capital

14.7

%

88,079

19.4

%

Total capital

16.7

%

97,213

21.5

%

Total RWA

453,106

$ in millions

Required 

Ratio
1

At December 31, 2020

Leverage-based capital

Adjusted average assets
2

$

1,053,310

Tier 1 leverage ratio

4.0

%

8.4

%

Supplementary leverage exposure
3, 4

$

1,192,506

SLR
3

5.0

%

7.4

%

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Required Ratio
1

Amount

Ratio

Risk-based capital

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

10.0 

%

$

64,751 

16.4 

%

Tier 1 capital

11.5 

%

73,443 

18.6 

%

Total capital

13.5 

%

82,708 

21.0 

%

Total RWA

394,177 

$ in millions

Required 

Ratio
1

At December 31, 2019

Leverage-based capital

Adjusted average assets
2

$

889,195 

Tier 1 leverage ratio

4.0 

%

8.3 

%

Supplementary leverage exposure
4

$

1,155,177 

SLR

5.0 

%

6.4 

%

1.
Required ratios are inclusive of any buffers applicable as of the date presented. Failure to maintain the buffers would result in restrictions on the Firm’s ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers.

2.
Adjusted average assets represents the denominator of the Tier 1 leverage ratio and is composed of the average daily balance of consolidated on-balance sheet assets for the quarters ending on the respective balance sheet dates, reduced by disallowed goodwill, intangible assets, investments in covered funds, defined benefit pension plan assets, after-tax gain on sale from assets sold into securitizations, investments in the Firm’s own capital instruments, certain defined tax assets and other capital deductions.

3.
Based on a Federal Reserve interim final rule in effect until March 31, 2021, the Firm’s SLR and Supplementary leverage exposure as of December 31, 2020 reflect the exclusion of U.S. Treasury securities and deposits at Federal Reserve Banks.

4.
Supplementary leverage exposure is the sum of Adjusted average assets used in the Tier 1 leverage ratio and other adjustments, primarily: (i) for derivatives, potential future exposure and the effective notional principal amount of sold credit protection offset by qualifying purchased credit protection; (ii) the counterparty credit risk for repo-style transactions; and (iii) the credit equivalent amount for off-balance sheet exposures.

Certain U.S. Bank Subsidiaries’ Regulatory Capital and Capital Ratios

The OCC establishes capital requirements for the Firm’s U.S. bank subsidiaries, which as of December 31, 2020 include, among others, MSBNA and MSPBNA, and evaluates their compliance with such capital requirements. Regulatory capital requirements for MSBNA and MSPBNA are calculated in a similar manner to the Firm’s regulatory capital requirements, although G-SIB capital surcharge and stress capital buffer requirements do not apply to the U.S. bank subsidiaries.

The OCC’s regulatory capital framework includes Prompt Corrective Action (“PCA”) standards, including “well-capitalized” PCA standards that are based on specified regulatory capital ratio minimums. For the Firm to remain an FHC, its U.S. bank subsidiaries must remain well-capitalized in accordance with the OCC’s PCA standards. In addition, failure by the U.S. bank subsidiaries to meet minimum capital requirements may result in certain mandatory and discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the U.S. bank subsidiaries’ and the Firm’s financial statements.

At December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, MSBNA and MSPBNA risk-based capital ratios are based on the Standardized Approach rules. At December 31, 2020, the risk-based and leverage-based capital amounts and ratios are calculated excluding the effect of the adoption of CECL based on MSBNA’s and MSPBNA’s elections to defer this effect over a five-year transition period.

MSBNA’s Regulatory Capital

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Well-Capitalized Requirement

Required Ratio
1

Amount

Ratio

Risk-based capital

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

6.5

%

7.0

%

$

17,238

18.7

%

Tier 1 capital

8.0

%

8.5

%

17,238

18.7

%

Total capital

10.0

%

10.5

%

17,882

19.4

%

Leverage-based capital

Tier 1 leverage

5.0

%

4.0

%

$

17,238

10.1

%

SLR

6.0

%

3.0

%

17,238

8.0

%

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Well-Capitalized Requirement

Required Ratio
1

Amount

Ratio

Risk-based capital

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

6.5 

%

7.0 

%

$

15,919 

18.5 

%

Tier 1 capital

8.0 

%

8.5 

%

15,919 

18.5 

%

Total capital

10.0 

%

10.5 

%

16,282 

18.9 

%

Leverage-based capital

Tier 1 leverage

5.0 

%

4.0 

%

$

15,919 

11.3 

%

SLR

6.0 

%

3.0 

%

15,919 

8.7 

%

MSPBNA’s Regulatory Capital

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Well-Capitalized Requirement

Required Ratio
1

Amount

Ratio

Risk-based capital

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

6.5

%

7.0

%

$

8,213

21.3

%

Tier 1 capital

8.0

%

8.5

%

8,213

21.3

%

Total capital

10.0

%

10.5

%

8,287

21.5

%

Leverage-based capital

Tier 1 leverage

5.0

%

4.0

%

$

8,213

7.2

%

SLR

6.0

%

3.0

%

8,213

6.9

%

135

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Well-Capitalized Requirement

Required Ratio
1

Amount

Ratio

Risk-based capital

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

6.5 

%

7.0 

%

$

7,962 

24.8 

%

Tier 1 capital

8.0 

%

8.5 

%

7,962 

24.8 

%

Total capital

10.0 

%

10.5 

%

8,016 

25.0 

%

Leverage-based capital

Tier 1 leverage

5.0 

%

4.0 

%

$

7,962 

9.9 

%

SLR

6.0 

%

3.0 

%

7,962 

9.4 

%

1.
Required ratios are inclusive of any buffers applicable as of the date presented. Failure to maintain the buffers would result in restrictions on the ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends.

U.S. Broker-Dealer Regulatory Capital Requirements

MS&Co. Regulatory Capital

$ in millions

At

December 31, 2020

At

December 31, 2019

Net capital

$

12,869

$

13,708 

Excess net capital

9,034

10,686 

MS&Co. is a registered U.S. broker-dealer and registered futures commission merchant and, accordingly, is subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the SEC and the CFTC. MS&Co. has consistently operated with capital in excess of its regulatory capital requirements.

As an Alternative Net Capital broker-dealer, and in accordance with Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”) Rule 15c3-1, Appendix E, MS&Co. is subject to minimum net capital and tentative net capital requirements. In addition, MS&Co. must notify the SEC if its tentative net capital falls below certain levels. At December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, MS&Co. exceeded its net capital requirement and had tentative net capital in excess of the minimum and notification requirements.

Other Regulated Subsidiaries

MSSB, a registered U.S. broker-dealer and introducing broker for the futures business, is subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the SEC. MSIP, a London-based broker-dealer subsidiary, is subject to the capital requirements of the PRA, and the Morgan Stanley Europe Holdings SE Group (“MSEHSE Group”) is subject to the capital requirements of the European Central Bank, BaFin and the German Central Bank. MSSB, MSIP and the MSEHSE Group, including MSESE, a Germany-based broker dealer, have consistently operated with capital in excess of their respective regulatory capital requirements. Additionally, E*TRADE Bank and E*TRADE Savings Bank are subject to the capital requirements of the OCC, and E*TRADE Securities LLC is subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the SEC; each of these entities has consistently operated with capital in excess of their respective regulatory capital requirements. 

Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries of the Firm are subject to various securities, commodities and banking 

regulations, and capital adequacy requirements promulgated by the regulatory and exchange authorities of the countries in which they operate. These subsidiaries have also consistently operated with capital in excess of their local capital adequacy requirements.

Restrictions on Payments

The regulatory capital requirements referred to above, and certain covenants contained in various agreements governing indebtedness of the Firm, may restrict the Firm’s ability to withdraw capital from its subsidiaries. The following table represents net assets of consolidated subsidiaries that may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends and advances to the Parent Company.

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Restricted net assets

$

40,502

$

33,213 

18. Total Equity 

Morgan Stanley Shareholders’ Equity

Preferred Stock

SharesOutstanding

Carrying Value

$ in millions, except per share data

AtDecember 31,
2020 

LiquidationPreference
per Share

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Series

A

44,000

$

25,000

$

1,100

$

1,100 

C
1

519,882

1,000

408

408 

E

34,500

25,000

862

862 

F

34,000

25,000

850

850 

H

52,000

25,000

1,300

1,300 

I

40,000

25,000

1,000

1,000 

J

60,000

25,000

1,500

1,500 

K

40,000

25,000

1,000

1,000 

L

20,000

25,000

500

500 

M

400,000

1,000

430

— 

N

3,000

100,000

300

— 

Total

$

9,250

$

8,520 

1.
Series C preferred stock is held by MUFG.

The Firm is authorized to issue 30 million shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock has a preference over the common stock upon liquidation. The Firm's preferred stock qualifies as and is included in Tier 1 capital in accordance with regulatory capital requirements (see Note 17).

On November 25, 2019, the Firm announced the redemption in whole of its outstanding Series G preferred stock. On notice of redemption, the amount due to holders of Series G Preferred Stock was reclassified to Borrowings, and on January 15, 2020, the redemption settled at the carrying value of $500 million.

December 2020 Form 10-K

136

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Preferred Stock Issuance Description

DepositaryShares
per Share

Redemption

Series
1, 2

SharesIssued

Price

per Share
3

Date
4

A

44,000 

1,000 

$

25,000 

Currently redeemable

C
5

1,160,791 

N/A

1,100 

Currently redeemable

E

34,500 

1,000 

25,000 

October 15, 2023

F

34,000 

1,000 

25,000 

January 15, 2024

H

52,000 

25 

25,000 

Currently redeemable

I

40,000 

1,000 

25,000 

October 15, 2024

J

60,000 

25 

25,000 

Currently redeemable

K

40,000 

1,000 

25,000 

April 15, 2027

L
6

20,000 

1,000 

25,000 

January 15, 2025

M
7

400,000 

N/A

1,000 

September 15, 2026

N
7

3,000 

100 

100,000 

October 2, 2025

1.
All shares issued are non-cumulative. Each share has a par value of $0.01, except Series C.

2.
Dividends on Series A are based on a floating rate, and dividends on Series C and L are based on a fixed rate. Dividends on all other Series are based on a fixed-to-floating rate.

3.
Series A and C are redeemable at the redemption price plus accrued and unpaid dividends, regardless of whether dividends are actually declared, up to but excluding the date of redemption. All other Series are redeemable at the redemption price plus any declared and unpaid dividends, up to but excluding the date fixed for redemption.

4.
Series A and C are currently redeemable at the Firm’s option, in whole or in part, from time to time. Series H and J are currently redeemable, and all other Series are redeemable, at the Firm’s option (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after the redemption date or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as described in the terms of that series).

5.
Series C is non-voting perpetual preferred stock. Dividends on the Series C preferred stock are payable, on a non-cumulative basis, as and if declared by the Board, in cash, at the rate of 10% per annum of the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share.

6.
Series L Preferred Stock was issued on November 25, 2019.

7.
Series M and N Preferred Stock were issued on October 2, 2020 as part of the acquisition of E*TRADE.

Common Stock

Rollforward of Common Stock Outstanding

in millions

2020

2019

Shares outstanding at beginning of period

1,594

1,700 

Treasury stock purchases
1

(39)

(135)

Issuance for the acquisition of E*TRADE

233

— 

Other
2

22

29 

Shares outstanding at end of period

1,810

1,594 

1.
The Firm’s Board has authorized the repurchase of the Firm’s outstanding stock under a share repurchase program (“Share Repurchase Program”). In addition to the Firm’s Share Repurchase Program, Treasury stock purchases include repurchases of common stock for employee tax withholding.

2.
Other includes net shares issued to and forfeited from Employee stock trusts and issued for RSU conversions.

Share Repurchases

$ in millions

2020

2019

Repurchases of common stock under the Firm’s 

Share Repurchase Program

$

1,347

$

5,360 

The Firm’s 2019 Capital Plan (“Capital Plan”) includes the share repurchase of up to $6.0 billion of outstanding common stock for the period beginning July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020. Additionally, the Capital Plan includes quarterly common stock dividends of up to $
0.35 per share, beginning with the common stock dividend announced on July 18, 2019.

On March 15, 2020, the Financial Services Forum announced that each of its eight member banks, including the Firm, had voluntarily suspended their share repurchase programs. 
On 

June 25, 2020, the Federal Reserve published summary results of CCAR and announced that large BHCs, including the Firm, generally would be restricted in making share repurchases during the third quarter, and on September 30, 2020, the restrictions were extended through the fourth quarter of 2020.
 On December 18, 2020 the Federal Reserve published summary results of the second round of supervisory stress tests for each large BHC, including the Firm, and permitted the resumption of share repurchases in the first quarter of 2021.

A portion of common stock repurchases was conducted under a sales plan with MUFG, whereby MUFG sold shares of the Firm’s common stock to the Firm, as part of the Firm’s Share Repurchase Program. The sales plan, which was suspended on December 10, 2020, has no impact on the strategic alliance between MUFG and the Firm, including the joint ventures in Japan, and is only intended to maintain MUFG’s ownership percentage below 24.9% in order to comply with MUFG’s passivity commitments to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 

Pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program, the Firm considers, among other things, business segment capital needs, as well as stock-based compensation and benefit plan requirements. Share repurchases under the program will be exercised from time to time at prices the Firm deems appropriate subject to various factors, including the Firm’s capital position and market conditions. The share repurchases may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, and may be suspended at any time. Share repurchases by the Firm are subject to regulatory non-objection.

Common Shares Outstanding for Basic and Diluted EPS

in millions

2020

2019

2018

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic

1,603

1,617 

1,708 

Effect of dilutive Stock options, RSUs and PSUs

21

23 

30 

Weighted average common shares 

outstanding and common stock equivalents, diluted

1,624

1,640 

1,738 

Weighted average antidilutive common stock equivalents (excluded from the computation of diluted EPS)

5

2 

1 

137

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Dividends

$ in millions, except per share data

2020

2019

2018

Per 

Share
1

Total

Per

Share
1

Total

Per

Share
1

Total

Preferred Stock Series

A

$

1,017

$

44

$

1,014 

$

44 

$

1,011 

$

45 

C

100

52

100 

52 

100 

52 

E

1,781

60

1,781 

60 

1,781 

61 

F

1,719

60

1,719 

60 

1,719 

58 

G
2

—

—

1,242 

24 

1,656 

33 

H

1,143

60

1,418 

74 

1,363 

71 

I

1,594

64

1,594 

64 

1,594 

64 

J
3

1,213

74

1,388 

84 

1,388 

83 

K

1,463

59

1,463 

59 

1,463 

59 

L

1,219

23

169 

3 

— 

— 

M
4

—

—

— 

— 

— 

— 

N
5

—

—

— 

— 

— 

— 

Total Preferred stock

$

496

$

524 

$

526 

Common stock

$

1.40

$

2,295

$

1.30 

$

2,161 

$

1.10 

$

1,930 

1.
Common and Preferred Stock dividends are payable quarterly, unless otherwise noted.

2.
Series G preferred stock was redeemed during the first quarter of 2020. Dividends declared on Series G following the issuance of the notice of redemption were recognized as Interest expense and are excluded from 2019 amounts.

3.
Series J was payable semiannually until July 15, 2020, and is now payable quarterly. 

4.
Series M will be payable semiannually beginning on March 15, 2021 until September 15, 2026, and thereafter will be payable quarterly.

5.
Series N will be payable semiannually beginning on March 15, 2021 until March 15, 2023, and thereafter will be payable quarterly.

Cumulative Adjustments to Retained Earnings Related to Adoption of Accounting Updates

$ in millions

2020

Financial Instruments-Credit Losses

$

(100)

$ in millions

2019

Leases

$

63 

$ in millions

2018

Revenues from contracts with customers

$

(32)

Derivatives and hedging—targeted improvements to accounting for hedging activities

(99)

Reclassification of certain tax effects from AOCI

443 

Other
1

(6)

Total

$

306 

1.
Other includes the adoption of accounting updates related to 
Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 (other than the provision around presenting unrealized DVA in OCI, which the Firm previously adopted) and 
Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets
. The impact of these adoptions on Retained earnings was not significant.

Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
1

$ in millions

CTA

AFS Securities

Pensionsand Other

DVA

Total

December 31, 2017

$

(767)

$

(547)

$

(591)

$

(1,155)

$

(3,060)

Cumulative adjustment for accounting change
2

(8)

(111)

(124)

(194)

(437)

OCI during the period

(114)

(272)

137 

1,454 

1,205 

December 31, 2018

(889)

(930)

(578)

105 

(2,292)

OCI during the period

(8)

1,137 

(66)

(1,559)

(496)

December 31, 2019

(897)

207 

(644)

(1,454)

(2,788)

OCI during the period

102

1,580

146

(1,002)

826

December 31, 2020

$

(795)

$

1,787

$

(498)

$

(2,456)

$

(1,962)

CTA—Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments

1.
Amounts are net of tax and noncontrolling interests.

2.
The cumulative adjustment for accounting changes is primarily the effect of the adoption of the accounting update Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. This adjustment was recorded as of January 1, 2018 to reclassify certain income tax effects related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act from AOCI to Retained earnings, primarily related to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from the reduction in the corporate income tax rate to 21%.

Components of Period Changes in OCI

2020

$ in millions

Pre-taxGain
(Loss)

Income Tax Benefit (Provision)

After-taxGain
(Loss)

Non-controlling
Interests

Net

CTA

OCI activity

$

74

$

99

$

173

$

68

$

105

Reclassified to earnings

(3)

—

(3)

—

(3)

Net OCI

$

71

$

99

$

170

$

68

$

102

Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities

OCI activity

$

2,194

$

(508)

$

1,686

$

—

$

1,686

Reclassified to earnings

(137)

31

(106)

—

(106)

Net OCI

$

2,057

$

(477)

$

1,580

$

—

$

1,580

Pension and other

OCI activity

$

162

$

(34)

$

128

$

—

$

128

Reclassified to earnings

23

(5)

18

—

18

Net OCI

$

185

$

(39)

$

146

$

—

$

146

Change in net DVA

OCI activity

$

(1,385)

$

337

$

(1,048)

$

(26)

$

(1,022)

Reclassified to earnings

26

(6)

20

—

20

Net OCI

$

(1,359)

$

331

$

(1,028)

$

(26)

$

(1,002)

2019

$ in millions

Pre-taxGain
(Loss)

Income Tax Benefit (Provision)

After-taxGain
(Loss)

Non-controlling
Interests

Net

CTA

OCI activity

$

6 

$

(3)

$

3 

$

11 

$

(8)

Reclassified to earnings

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

Net OCI

$

6 

$

(3)

$

3 

$

11 

$

(8)

Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities

OCI activity

$

1,588 

$

(373)

$

1,215 

$

— 

$

1,215 

Reclassified to earnings

(103)

25 

(78)

— 

(78)

Net OCI

$

1,485 

$

(348)

$

1,137 

$

— 

$

1,137 

Pension and other

OCI activity

$

(98)

$

25 

$

(73)

$

— 

$

(73)

Reclassified to earnings

12 

(5)

7 

— 

7 

Net OCI

$

(86)

$

20 

$

(66)

$

— 

$

(66)

Change in net DVA

OCI activity

$

(2,181)

$

533 

$

(1,648)

$

(80)

$

(1,568)

Reclassified to earnings

11 

(2)

9 

— 

9 

Net OCI

$

(2,170)

$

531 

$

(1,639)

$

(80)

$

(1,559)

December 2020 Form 10-K

138

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2018
1

$ in millions

Pre-taxGain
(Loss)

Income Tax Benefit (Provision)

After-taxGain
(Loss)

Non-controlling
Interests

Net

CTA

OCI activity

$

(11)

$

(79)

$

(90)

$

24 

$

(114)

Reclassified to earnings

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

Net OCI

$

(11)

$

(79)

$

(90)

$

24 

$

(114)

Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities

OCI activity

$

(346)

$

80 

$

(266)

$

— 

$

(266)

Reclassified to earnings

(8)

2 

(6)

— 

(6)

Net OCI

$

(354)

$

82 

$

(272)

$

— 

$

(272)

Pension and other

OCI activity

$

156 

$

(37)

$

119 

$

— 

$

119 

Reclassified to earnings

26 

(8)

18 

— 

18 

Net OCI

$

182 

$

(45)

$

137 

$

— 

$

137 

Change in net DVA

OCI activity

$

1,947 

$

(472)

$

1,475 

$

63 

$

1,412 

Reclassified to earnings

56 

(14)

42 

— 

42 

Net OCI

$

2,003 

$

(486)

$

1,517 

$

63 

$

1,454 

1.
Exclusive of cumulative adjustments related to the adoption of certain accounting updates in 2018. Refer to the previous Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) table for further information.

Cumulative Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Associated with net investments in subsidiaries with a non-U.S. dollar functional currency

$

(1,406)

$

(1,874)

Hedges, net of tax

611

977 

Total

$

(795)

$

(897)

Carrying value of net investments in non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries subject to hedges

$

15,746

$

13,440 

Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments include gains or losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements from their respective functional currencies to U.S. dollars, net of hedge gains or losses and related tax effects. The Firm uses foreign currency contracts to manage the currency exposure relating to its net investments in non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries and determines the amount of exposure to hedge on a pre-tax basis. The Firm may also elect not to hedge its net investments in certain foreign operations due to market conditions or other reasons, including the availability of various currency contracts at acceptable costs. Information relating to the effects on cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments that resulted from the translation of foreign currency financial statements and from gains and losses from hedges of the Firm’s net investments in non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries is summarized in the previous table.

19. Interest Income and Interest Expense 

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Interest income

Investment securities

$

2,282

$

2,175 

$

1,744 

Loans

4,142

4,783 

4,249 

Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed
1

(194)

3,485 

1,976 

Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities

2,417

2,899 

2,392 

Customer receivables and Other
2

1,515

3,756 

3,531 

Total interest income

$

10,162

$

17,098 

$

13,892 

Interest expense

Deposits

$

953

$

1,885 

$

1,255 

Borrowings

3,250

5,052 

5,031 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities loaned
3

983

2,609 

1,898 

Customer payables and Other
4

(1,337)

2,858 

1,902 

Total interest expense

$

3,849

$

12,404 

$

10,086 

Net interest

$

6,313

$

4,694 

$

3,806 

1.
Includes fees paid on Securities borrowed.

2.
Includes interest from Cash and cash equivalents.

3.
Includes fees received on Securities loaned.

4.
Includes fees received from prime brokerage customers for stock loan transactions entered into to cover customers’ short positions.

Interest income and Interest expense are classified in the income statements based on the nature of the instrument and related market conventions. When included as a component of the instrument’s fair value, interest is included within Trading revenues or Investments revenues. Otherwise, it is included within Interest income or Interest expense.

Accrued Interest

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Customer and other receivables

$

1,652

$

1,661 

Customer and other payables

2,119

2,223 

20. Deferred Compensation Plans and Carried Interest Compensation 

Stock-Based Compensation Plans

Certain current and former employees of the Firm participate in the Firm's stock-based compensation plans. These plans include RSUs and PSUs, the details of which are further outlined below.

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

RSUs

$

1,170

$

1,064 

$

892 

Stock options

—

— 

— 

PSUs

142

89 

28 

Total

$

1,312

$

1,153 

$

920 

Retirement-eligible awards
1

$

157

$

111 

$

110 

1.
Included in total expense is stock-based compensation anticipated to be awarded in January of the following year that does not contain a future service requirement.

139

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Tax Benefit Related to Stock-Based Compensation Expense

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Tax benefit
1

$

270

$

243 

$

193 

1.
Excludes income tax consequences related to employee share-based award conversions.

Unrecognized Compensation Cost Related to Stock-Based Awards Granted

$ in millions

At 

December 31,

2020
1

To be recognized in:

2021

$

383

2022

159

Thereafter

28

Total

$

570

1.
Amounts do not include cancellations, accelerations, future adjustments to fair value for certain awards, or 2020 performance year compensation awarded in January 2021, which will begin to be amortized in 2021.

In connection with awards under its stock-based compensation plans, the Firm is authorized to issue shares of common stock held in treasury or newly issued shares.

The Firm generally uses treasury shares, if available, to deliver shares to employees or employee stock trusts and has an ongoing repurchase authorization that includes repurchases in connection with awards under its stock-based compensation plans. Share repurchases by the Firm are subject to regulatory non-objection.

Common Shares Available for Future Awards under Stock-Based Compensation Plans

in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

Shares

110

See Note 18 for additional information on the Firm’s Share Repurchase Program.

Restricted Stock Units

RSUs are subject to vesting over time, generally one to 
seven years from the date of award, contingent upon continued employment and subject to restrictions on sale, transfer or assignment until conversion to common stock. All or a portion of an award may be forfeited if employment is terminated before the end of the relevant vesting period or canceled after the relevant vesting period in certain situations. Recipients of RSUs may have voting rights, at the Firm’s discretion, and generally receive dividend equivalents if the awards vest.

Vested and Unvested RSU Activity

2020

shares in millions

Number ofShares

WeightedAverage
Award Date
Fair Value

RSUs at beginning of period

65 

$

44.38 

Awarded

21

55.01

Conversions to common stock

(25)

39.81

Forfeited

(1)

48.29

RSUs at end of period
1

60

$

49.82

Aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs at end of period 

(dollars in millions)

$

4,087

Weighted average award date fair value

RSUs awarded in 2019

$

43.05 

RSUs awarded in 2018

55.40 

1.
At December 31, 2020, the weighted average remaining term until delivery for the outstanding RSUs was approximately 1.2 years.

Unvested RSU Activity

2020

shares in millions

Number ofShares

WeightedAverage
Award Date
Fair Value

Unvested RSUs at beginning of period

37 

$

44.58 

Awarded

21

55.01

Vested

(24)

44.12

Forfeited

(1)

48.29

Unvested RSUs at end of period
1

33

$

51.27

1.
Unvested RSUs represent awards where recipients have yet to satisfy either the explicit vesting terms or retirement-eligible requirements.

Fair Value of RSU Activity

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Conversions to common stock

$

1,295

$

1,497 

$

1,790 

Vested

1,289

1,292 

1,504 

Performance-Based Stock Units

PSUs will vest and convert to shares of common stock only if the Firm satisfies predetermined performance and market-based conditions over a three-year performance period. The number of PSUs that will vest ranges from 
0% to 
150% of the target award, based on the extent to which the Firm achieves the specified performance goals. One-half of the award will be earned based on the Firm’s average return on equity, excluding certain adjustments specified in the plan terms (“MS Adjusted ROE”). The other half of the award will be earned based on the Firm’s total shareholder return, relative to the total shareholder return of the S&P 500 Financials Sector Index (“Relative MS TSR”). PSUs have vesting, restriction and cancellation provisions that are generally similar to those of RSUs. At December 31, 2020, approximately 
3 million PSUs were outstanding.

PSU Fair Value on Award Date

2020

2019

2018

MS Adjusted ROE

$

57.05

$

43.29 

$

56.84 

Relative MS TSR

65.31

48.28 

65.81 

December 2020 Form 10-K

140

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Relative MS TSR fair values on the award date were estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation and the following assumptions.

Monte Carlo Simulation Assumptions

Risk-FreeInterest Rate

ExpectedStock Price
Volatility

CorrelationCoefficient

Award Year

2020

1.6

%

24.0

%

0.88

2019

2.6 

%

26.5 

%

0.89 

2018

2.2 

%

26.8 

%

0.89 

The risk-free interest rate was determined based on the yields available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues. The expected stock price volatility was determined using historical volatility. The correlation coefficient was developed based on historical price data of the Firm and the S&P 500 Financials Sector Index. The model uses an expected dividend yield equivalent to reinvesting dividends.

Deferred Cash-Based Compensation Plans

Deferred cash-based compensation plans generally provide a return to the plan participants based upon the performance of each participant’s referenced investments.

Deferred Cash-Based Compensation Expense

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Deferred cash-based awards

$

1,263

$

1,233 

$

1,174 

Return on referenced investments

856

645 

(48)

Total

$

2,119

$

1,878 

$

1,126 

Retirement-eligible awards
1

$

194

$

195 

$

193 

1.
Included in total expense is deferred cash-based compensation anticipated to be awarded in January of the following year that does not contain a future service requirement.

Carried Interest Compensation

The Firm generally recognizes compensation expense for any portion of carried interest (both realized and unrealized) that is allocated to employees.

Carried Interest Compensation Expense

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Expense

$

215

$

534 

$

156 

21. Employee Benefit Plans 

Pension Plans

Components of Net Periodic Benefit Expense (Income)

Pension Plans

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Service cost, benefits earned during the period

$

17

$

16 

$

16 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation

121

139 

134 

Expected return on plan assets

(77)

(114)

(112)

Net amortization of prior service cost (credit)

1

1 

(1)

Net amortization of actuarial loss

26

13 

26 

Net periodic benefit expense

$

88

$

55 

$

63 

Certain current and former U.S. employees of the Firm and its U.S. affiliates who were hired before July 1, 2007 are covered by the U.S. pension plan, a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan that is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (“U.S. Qualified Plan”). The U.S. Qualified Plan has ceased future benefit accruals.

Unfunded supplementary plans (“Supplemental Plans”) cover certain executives. Liabilities for benefits payable under the Supplemental Plans are accrued by the Firm and are funded when paid. The Morgan Stanley Supplemental Executive Retirement and Excess Plan (“SEREP”), a non-contributory defined benefit plan that is not qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, has ceased future benefit accruals.

Certain of the Firm’s non-U.S. subsidiaries also have defined benefit pension plans covering their eligible current and former employees.

The Firm’s pension plans generally provide pension benefits that are based on each employee’s years of credited service and on compensation levels specified in the plans.

Rollforward of Pre-tax AOCI

Pension Plans

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Beginning balance

$

(877)

$

(779)

$

(947)

Net gain (loss)

161

(112)

158 

Prior service credit (cost) 

(2)

— 

(15)

Amortization of prior service cost (credit)

1

1 

(1)

Amortization of net loss 

26

13 

26 

Changes recognized in OCI

186

(98)

168 

Ending balance

$

(691)

$

(877)

$

(779)

The Firm generally amortizes into net periodic benefit expense (income) the unrecognized net gains and losses exceeding 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets. The U.S. pension plans amortize the unrecognized net gains and losses over the average life expectancy of participants. The remaining plans generally amortize the unrecognized net 

141

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

gains and losses and prior service credit over the average remaining service period of active participants.

Weighted Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net Periodic Benefit Expense (Income)

Pension Plans

2020

2019

2018

Discount rate

3.08

%

4.01 

%

3.46 

%

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

2.35

%

3.52 

%

3.50 

%

Rate of future compensation increases 

3.28

%

3.34 

%

3.38 

%

The accounting for pension plans involves certain assumptions and estimates. The expected long-term rate of return for the U.S. Qualified Plan was estimated by computing a weighted average of the underlying long-term expected returns based on the investment managers’ target allocations.

Benefit Obligation and Funded Status

Rollforward of the Benefit Obligation and Fair Value of Plan Assets

Pension Plans

$ in millions

2020

2019

Rollforward of benefit obligation

Benefit obligation at beginning of year

$

4,026 

$

3,563 

Service cost

17

16 

Interest cost

121

139 

Actuarial loss (gain)
1

362

497 

Plan amendments

2

— 

Plan settlements

(2)

(9)

Benefits paid

(222)

(191)

Other
2

30

11 

Benefit obligation at end of year

$

4,334

$

4,026 

Rollforward of fair value of plan assets

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

$

3,553 

$

3,203 

Actual return on plan assets

600

499 

Employer contributions

35

36 

Benefits paid

(222)

(191)

Plan settlements

(2)

(9)

Other
2

21

15 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

$

3,985

$

3,553 

Funded (unfunded) status

$

(349)

$

(473)

Amounts recognized in the balance sheets

Assets

$

283

$

98 

Liabilities

(632)

(571)

Net amount recognized

$

(349)

$

(473)

1.
Primarily reflects the impact of year-over-year discount rate fluctuations.

2.
Includes foreign currency exchange rate changes.

Accumulated Benefit Obligation

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Pension plans

$

4,318

$

4,013 

Pension Plans with Benefit Obligations in Excess of the Fair Value of Plan Assets

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Projected benefit obligation

$

708

$

637 

Accumulated benefit obligation

692

624 

Fair value of plan assets

76

66 

The pension plans included in the table above may differ based on their funding status as of December 31 of each year.

Weighted Average Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Obligation

Pension Plans

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Discount rate

2.43

%

3.08 

%

Rate of future compensation increase

3.25

%

3.28 

%

The discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation for the U.S. pension plans were selected by the Firm, in consultation with its independent actuary, using a pension discount yield curve based on the characteristics of the plans, each determined independently. The pension discount yield curve represents spot discount yields based on duration implicit in a representative broad-based Aa-rated corporate bond universe of high-quality fixed income investments. For all non-U.S. pension plans, the Firm set the assumed discount rates based on the nature of liabilities, local economic environments and available bond indices.

Plan Assets

Fair Value of Plan Assets

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents
1

$

4

$

—

$

—

$

4

U.S. government and agency securities

3,038

321

—

3,359

Corporate and other debt—CDO

—

4

—

4

Derivative contracts

—

2

—

2

Other investments

—

—

61

61

Other receivables
1

—

53

—

53

Total

$

3,042

$

380

$

61

$

3,483

Assets Measured at NAV

Commingled trust funds:

Money market

48

Foreign funds:

Fixed income

169

Liquidity

54

Targeted cash flow

250

Total

$

521

Liabilities

Other payables
1

—

(19)

—

(19)

Total liabilities

$

—

$

(19)

$

—

$

(19)

Fair value of plan assets

$

3,985

December 2020 Form 10-K

142

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents
1

$

3 

$

— 

$

— 

$

3 

U.S. government and agency securities

2,658 

292 

— 

2,950 

Corporate and other debt—CDO

— 

9 

— 

9 

Other investments

— 

— 

53 

53 

Other receivables
1

— 

48 

— 

48 

Total

$

2,661 

$

349 

$

53 

$

3,063 

Assets Measured at NAV

Commingled trust funds:

Money market

137 

Foreign funds:

Fixed income

136 

Liquidity

30 

Targeted cash flow

240 

Total

$

543 

Liabilities

Derivative contracts

— 

(1)

— 

(1)

Other payables
1

— 

(52)

— 

(52)

Total liabilities

$

— 

$

(53)

$

— 

$

(53)

Fair value of plan assets

$

3,553 

1.
Cash and cash equivalents, other receivables and other payables are valued at their carrying value, which approximates fair value.

Rollforward of Level 3 Plan Assets

$ in millions

2020

2019

Balance at beginning of period

$

53 

$

48 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses)

5

3 

Purchases, sales and settlements, net

3

2 

Balance at end of period

$

61

$

53 

There were no transfers between levels during 2020 and 2019.

The U.S. Qualified Plan’s assets represent 87% of the Firm’s total pension plan assets. The U.S. Qualified Plan uses a combination of active and risk-controlled fixed income investment strategies. The fixed income asset allocation consists primarily of fixed income securities and related derivative instruments designed to approximate the expected cash flows of the plan’s liabilities in order to help reduce plan exposure to interest rate variation and to better align assets with the obligation. The longer-duration fixed income allocation is expected to help protect the plan’s funded status and maintain the stability of plan contributions over the long run. The investment portfolio performance is assessed by comparing actual investment performance with changes in the estimated present value of the U.S. Qualified Plan’s benefit obligation.

Derivative instruments are permitted in the U.S. Qualified Plan’s investment portfolio only to the extent that they comply with all of the plan’s investment policy guidelines and are consistent with the plan’s risk and return objectives.

As a fundamental operating principle, any restrictions on the underlying assets apply to the respective derivative product. This includes percentage allocations and credit quality. Derivatives are used solely for the purpose of enhancing 

investment returns in the underlying assets and not to circumvent portfolio restrictions.

Plan assets are measured at fair value using valuation techniques that are consistent with the valuation techniques applied to the Firm’s major categories of assets and liabilities as described in Notes 2 and 5. OTC derivative contracts consist of investments in interest rate swaps and total return swaps. Other investments consist of pledged insurance annuity contracts held by non-U.S.-based plans. The pledged insurance annuity contracts are valued based on the premium reserve of the insurer for a guarantee that the insurer has given to the employee benefit plan that approximates fair value. The pledged insurance annuity contracts are categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

Commingled trust funds are privately offered funds regulated, supervised and subject to periodic examination by a U.S. federal or state agency and available to institutional clients. The trust must be maintained for the collective investment or reinvestment of assets contributed to it from U.S. tax-qualified employee benefit plans maintained by more than one employer or controlled group of corporations. The sponsor of the commingled trust funds values the funds based on the fair value of the underlying securities. Commingled trust funds are redeemable at NAV at the measurement date or in the near future.

Some non-U.S.-based plans hold foreign funds that consist of investments in fixed income funds, target cash flow funds and liquidity funds. Fixed income funds invest in individual securities quoted on a recognized stock exchange or traded in a regulated market. Certain fixed income funds aim to produce returns consistent with certain Financial Times Stock Exchange indexes. Target cash flow funds are designed to provide a series of fixed annual cash flows achieved by investing in government bonds and derivatives. Liquidity funds place a high priority on capital preservation, stable value and a high liquidity of assets. Foreign funds are readily redeemable at NAV.

The Firm generally considers the NAV of commingled trust funds and foreign funds provided by the fund manager to be the best estimate of fair value.

Expected Contributions

The Firm’s policy is to fund at least the amount sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements under applicable employee benefit and tax laws. At December 31, 2020, the Firm expected to contribute approximately $50 million to its pension plans in 2021 based upon the plans’ current funded status and expected asset return assumptions for 2021.

143

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Expected Future Benefit Payments

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Pension Plans

2021

$

153

2022

155

2023

161

2024

163

2025

171

2026-2030

940

401(k) Plans

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Expense

$

293

$

280 

$

272 

U.S. employees meeting certain eligibility requirements may participate in the Firm’s 401(k) plans.

Morgan Stanley 401(k) Plan

Eligible employees receive discretionary 401(k) matching cash contributions as determined annually by the Firm. For 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Firm matched employee contributions up to 4

% of eligible pay, up to the IRS limit. Matching contributions were invested among available funds according to each participant’s investment direction on file. Eligible employees with eligible pay less than or equal to $100,000 also received a fixed contribution under the 401(k) Plan equal to 
2% of eligible pay. Transition contributions relating to acquired entities or frozen employee benefit plans are allocated to certain eligible employees. The Firm match, fixed contribution and transition contribution are included in the Firm’s 401(k) expense.

Non-U.S. Defined Contribution Pension Plans

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Expense

$

130

$

121 

$

116 

The Firm maintains separate defined contribution pension plans that cover eligible employees of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Under such plans, benefits are generally determined based on a fixed rate of base salary with certain vesting requirements.

22. Income Taxes 

Components of Provision for Income Taxes

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Current

U.S.:

Federal

$

1,641

$

873 

$

686 

State and local

399

260 

207 

Non-U.S.:

U.K.

395

166 

328 

Japan

185

177 

268 

Hong Kong

185

82 

94 

Other
1

684

341 

318 

Total

$

3,489

$

1,899 

$

1,901 

Deferred

U.S.:

Federal

$

(249)

$

185 

$

330 

State and local

(38)

46 

56 

Non-U.S.:

U.K.

(2)

5 

54 

Japan

12

11 

(10)

Hong Kong

(3)

— 

(3)

Other
1

30

(82)

22 

Total

$

(250)

$

165 

$

449 

Provision for income taxes from continuing 

operations

$

3,239

$

2,064 

$

2,350 

Provision for income taxes from discontinued operations

$

—

$

— 

$

(1)

1.
Other Non-U.S. tax provisions for 2020, 2019 and 2018 primarily include Brazil, the Netherlands, and India.

Reconciliation of the U.S. Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate to the Effective Income Tax Rate

2020

2019

2018

U.S. federal statutory income tax rate

21.0

21.0 

%

21.0 

%

U.S. state and local income taxes, net of 

U.S. federal income tax benefits

2.0

2.2 

2.0 

Domestic tax credits and tax exempt income

(0.8)

(1.6)

(1.3)

Non-U.S. earnings

1.7

(0.8)

1.3 

Employee share-based awards

(0.7)

(1.1)

(1.5)

Other

(0.7)

(1.4)

(0.6)

Effective income tax rate

22.5

%

18.3 

%

20.9 

%

The increase in the Firm’s effective tax rate in 2020 compared with the prior year is primarily due to the higher level of earnings and lower net discrete tax benefits. In 2020, net discrete tax benefits were $122 million, primarily related to the conversion of employee share-based awards.

The Firm’s effective tax rates for 2019 and 2018 include net discrete tax benefits of $475 million and $
368 million, respectively, primarily associated with remeasurement of reserves and related interest as a result of new information pertaining to the resolution of multi-jurisdiction tax examinations, as well as benefits related to conversion of employee share-based awards. The fourth quarters of 2019 and 2018 include net discrete tax benefits of $
158 million and $
111 million, respectively. 

December 2020 Form 10-K

144

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Gross deferred tax assets

Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards

$

330

$

287 

Employee compensation and benefit plans

2,248

2,075 

Allowance for credit losses and other reserves

669

318 

Valuation of inventory, investments and receivables

19

368 

Other

43

— 

Total deferred tax assets

3,309

3,048 

Deferred tax assets valuation allowance

236

156 

Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance

$

3,073

$

2,892 

Gross deferred tax liabilities

Fixed assets

1,130

983 

Intangibles, goodwill and other

1,156

411 

Total deferred tax liabilities

$

2,286

$

1,394 

Net deferred tax assets

$

787

$

1,498 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse.

The Firm believes the recognized net deferred tax assets (after valuation allowance) at December 31, 2020 are more likely than not to be realized based on expectations as to future taxable income in the jurisdictions in which it operates.

The earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries are indefinitely reinvested due to regulatory and other capital requirements in foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2020, the unrecognized deferred tax liability attributable to indefinitely reinvested earnings is immaterial.

Rollforward of Unrecognized Tax Benefits

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Balance at beginning of period

$

755 

$

1,080 

$

1,594 

Increase based on tax positions related to the current period

139

57 

83 

Increase based on tax positions related to prior periods

178

61 

34 

Increase based on the acquisition of E*TRADE

26

— 

— 

Decrease based on tax positions related to prior periods

(297)

(419)

(404)

Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities

(36)

(17)

(139)

Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations

(10)

(7)

(88)

Balance at end of period

$

755

$

755 

$

1,080 

Net unrecognized tax benefits
1

$

665

$

549 

$

746 

1.
Represent ending unrecognized tax benefits adjusted for the impact of the federal benefit of state issues, competent authority arrangements and foreign tax credit offsets. If recognized, these net benefits would favorably impact the effective tax rate in future periods.

It is reasonably possible that significant changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months. At this time, however, it is not possible to reasonably estimate the expected change to the total amount 

of unrecognized tax benefits and the impact on the Firm’s effective tax rate over the next 12 months.

Interest Expense (Benefit) Associated with Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Net of Federal and State Income Tax Benefits

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Recognized in income statements

$

56

$

8 

$

(40)

Accrued at end of period

134

92 

91 

Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes. Penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years mentioned above were immaterial.

Earliest Tax Year Subject to Examination in Major Tax Jurisdictions

Jurisdiction

Tax Year

U.S.

2017

New York State and New York City

2010

Hong Kong

2014

U.K.

2011

Japan

2015

The Firm is under continuous examination by the IRS and other tax authorities in certain countries, such as Japan and the U.K., and in states and localities in which it has significant business operations, such as New York.

The Firm believes that the resolution of these tax examinations will not have a material effect on the annual financial statements, although a resolution could have a material impact in the income statement and on the effective tax rate for any period in which such resolutions occur.

23. Segment, Geographic and Revenue Information 

The Firm structures its segments primarily based upon the nature of the financial products and services provided to customers and its management organization. The Firm provides a wide range of financial products and services to its customers in each of its business segments: Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. For a further discussion of the business segments, see Note 1.

Revenues and expenses directly associated with each respective business segment are included in determining its operating results. Other revenues and expenses that are not directly attributable to a particular business segment are generally allocated based on each business segment’s respective net revenues, non-interest expenses or other relevant measures.

As a result of revenues and expenses from transactions with other operating segments being treated as transactions with external parties for purposes of segment disclosures, the Firm includes an Intersegment Eliminations category to reconcile the business segment results to the consolidated results.

145

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Selected Financial Information by Business Segment

2020

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

I/E

Total

Investment banking

$

7,204

$

559

$

—

$

(89)

$

7,674

Trading

13,106

844

(34)

76

13,992

Investments

166

12

808

—

986

Commissions and fees
1

2,935

2,291

1

(376)

4,851

Asset management
1

461

10,955

3,013

(157)

14,272

Other

(214)

372

(39)

(9)

110

Total non-interest revenues

23,658

15,033

3,749

(555)

41,885

Interest income

5,809

4,771

14

(432)

10,162

Interest expense

3,519

749

29

(448)

3,849

Net interest

2,290

4,022

(15)

16

6,313

Net revenues

$

25,948

$

19,055

$

3,734

$

(539)

$

48,198

Income from continuing operations before income taxes

$

9,151

$

4,387

$

870

$

10

$

14,418

Provision for income taxes

2,040

1,026

171

2

3,239

Income from continuing operations

7,111

3,361

699

8

11,179

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes

—

—

—

—

—

Net income

7,111

3,361

699

8

11,179

Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

99

—

84

—

183

Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

7,012

$

3,361

$

615

$

8

$

10,996

2019

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

I/E

Total

Investment banking

$

5,734 

$

509 

$

— 

$

(80)

$

6,163 

Trading

10,318 

734 

(8)

51 

11,095 

Investments

325 

2 

1,213 

— 

1,540 

Commissions and fees
1

2,484 

1,726 

1 

(292)

3,919 

Asset management
1

413 

10,199 

2,629 

(158)

13,083 

Other

632 

345 

(46)

(6)

925 

Total non-interest revenues

19,906 

13,515 

3,789 

(485)

36,725 

Interest income

12,193 

5,467 

20 

(582)

17,098 

Interest expense

11,713 

1,245 

46 

(600)

12,404 

Net interest

480 

4,222 

(26)

18 

4,694 

Net revenues

$

20,386 

$

17,737 

$

3,763 

$

(467)

$

41,419 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes
2

$

5,490 

$

4,832 

$

985 

$

(6)

$

11,301 

Provision for income taxes

769 

1,104 

193 

(2)

2,064 

Income from continuing operations

4,721 

3,728 

792 

(4)

9,237 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

Net income

4,721 

3,728 

792 

(4)

9,237 

Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

122 

— 

73 

— 

195 

Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley

$

4,599 

$

3,728 

$

719 

$

(4)

$

9,042 

2018

$ in millions

IS

WM

IM

I/E

Total

Investment banking

$

6,088 

$

475 

$

— 

$

(81)

$

6,482 

Trading

11,191 

279 

25 

56 

11,551 

Investments

182 

1 

254 

— 

437 

Commissions and fees
1

2,671 

1,804 

— 

(285)

4,190 

Asset management
1

421 

10,158 

2,468 

(149)

12,898 

Other

535 

248 

(30)

(10)

743 

Total non-interest revenues

21,088 

12,965 

2,717 

(469)

36,301 

Interest income

9,271 

5,498 

57 

(934)

13,892 

Interest expense

9,777 

1,221 

28 

(940)

10,086 

Net interest

(506)

4,277 

29 

6 

3,806 

Net revenues

$

20,582 

$

17,242 

$

2,746 

$

(463)

$

40,107 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes

$

6,260 

$

4,521 

$

464 

$

(8)

$

11,237 

Provision for income taxes

1,230 

1,049 

73 

(2)

2,350 

Income from continuing operations

5,030 

3,472 

391 

(6)

8,887 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes

(6)

— 

2 

— 

(4)

Net income

5,024 

3,472 

393 

(6)

8,883 

Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests

118 

— 

17 

— 

135 

Net

income

applicable

to Morgan Stanley

$

4,906 

$

3,472 

$

376 

$

(6)

$

8,748 

I/E–Intersegment Eliminations 

1.
Substantially all revenues are from contracts with customers.

2.
The fourth quarter of 2019 included specific severance-related costs of approximately $172 million, which are included in Compensation and benefits expenses in the Income statement. These costs were recorded in the business segments approximately as follows: Institutional Securities $
124 million, Wealth Management $
37 million and Investment Management $
11 million.

Detail of Investment Banking Revenues

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Institutional Securities—Advisory

$

2,008

$

2,116 

$

2,436 

Institutional Securities—Underwriting

5,196

3,618 

3,652 

Firm Investment banking revenues from contracts with customers

92

%

90 

%

86 

%

Trading Revenues by Product Type

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Interest rate

$

2,978

$

2,773 

$

2,696 

Foreign exchange

902

395 

914 

Equity security and index
1

6,200

5,246 

6,157 

Commodity and other

1,771

1,438 

1,174 

Credit

2,141

1,243 

610 

Total

$

13,992

$

11,095 

$

11,551 

1.
Dividend income is included within equity security and index contracts.

The previous table summarizes realized and unrealized gains and losses, from derivative and non-derivative financial instruments, included in Trading revenues in the income statements. The Firm generally utilizes financial instruments across a variety of product types in connection with its market-making and related risk management strategies. The trading revenues presented in the table are not representative of the manner in which the Firm manages its business activities and are prepared in a manner similar to the presentation of trading revenues for regulatory reporting purposes.

December 2020 Form 10-K

146

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Investment Management Investments Revenues—Net Cumulative Unrealized Carried Interest

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Net cumulative unrealized performance-based fees at risk of reversing

$

735

$

774 

The Firm’s portion of net cumulative performance-based fees in the form of unrealized carried interest, for which the Firm is not obligated to pay compensation, is at risk of reversing when the return in certain funds fall below specified performance targets. See Note 15 for information regarding general partner guarantees, which include potential obligations to return performance fee distributions previously received.

Investment Management Asset Management Revenues—Reduction of Fees Due to Fee Waivers

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Fee waivers

$

135

$

43 

$

56 

The Firm waives a portion of its fees in the Investment Management business segment from certain registered money market funds that comply with the requirements of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Certain Other Fee Waivers

Separately, the Firm’s employees, including its senior officers, may participate on the same terms and conditions as other investors in certain funds that the Firm sponsors, primarily for client investment, and the Firm may waive or lower applicable fees and charges for its employees.

Net Revenues by Region

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Americas

$

35,017

$

30,226 

$

29,301 

EMEA

6,430

6,061 

6,092 

Asia

6,751

5,132 

4,714 

Total

$

48,198

$

41,419 

$

40,107 

Income from Continuing Operations before Income Tax Expense (Benefit)

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

U.S.

$

10,027

$

9,464 

$

7,804 

Non-U.S.
1

4,391

1,837 

3,433 

Total

$

14,418

$

11,301 

$

11,237 

1.
Non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the U.S.

Net Discrete Tax Provisions (Benefits) by Segment

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

IS

$

(68)

$

(400)

$

(286)

WM

(50)

(50)

(50)

IM

(4)

(25)

(32)

Total

$

(122)

$

(475)

$

(368)

The Firm operates in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets. The Firm’s non-U.S. business activities are principally conducted and managed through EMEA and Asia locations. The net revenues disclosed in the previous table reflect the regional view of the Firm’s consolidated net revenues on a managed basis, based on the following methodology:

Institutional Securities
: client location for advisory and equity underwriting, syndicate desk location for debt underwriting, trading desk location for sales and trading.

Wealth Management
: representatives operate in the Americas.

Investment Management
: client location, except certain closed-end funds, which are based on asset location.

Revenues Recognized from Prior Services

$ in millions

2020

2019

Non-interest revenues

$

2,298

$

2,705 

The previous table includes revenues from contracts with customers recognized where some or all services were performed in prior periods and are primarily composed of investment banking advisory fees and distribution fees.

Receivables from Contracts with Customers

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Customer and other receivables

$

3,200

$

2,916 

Receivables from contracts with customers, which are included within Customer and other receivables in the balance sheets, arise when the Firm has both recorded revenues and has the right per the contract to bill the customer.

Assets by Business Segment

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Institutional Securities

$

753,322

$

691,201 

Wealth Management

355,595

197,682 

Investment Management

6,945

6,546 

Total
1

$

1,115,862

$

895,429 

1. Parent assets have been fully allocated to the business segments.

Total Assets by Region

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Americas

$

815,048

$

622,979 

EMEA

194,598

185,093 

Asia

106,216

87,357 

Total

$

1,115,862

$

895,429 

147

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

24. Parent Company 

Parent Company Only—Condensed Income Statements and Comprehensive Income Statements

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Revenues

Dividends from bank subsidiaries

$

2,811

$

3,531 

$

2,969 

Dividends from BHC and non-bank subsidiaries

1,170

1,998 

2,004 

Total dividends from subsidiaries

3,981

5,529 

4,973 

Trading

(244)

(54)

54 

Other

51

80 

(5)

Total non-interest revenues

3,788

5,555 

5,022 

Interest income

3,666

5,121 

5,172 

Interest expense

3,087

4,661 

4,816 

Net interest

579

460 

356 

Net revenues

4,367

6,015 

5,378 

Non-interest expenses

387

300 

225 

Income before income taxes

3,980

5,715 

5,153 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes

(109)

(73)

22 

Net income before undistributed gain of subsidiaries

4,089

5,788 

5,131 

Undistributed gain of subsidiaries

6,907

3,254 

3,617 

Net income

10,996

9,042 

8,748 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Foreign currency translation adjustments

102

(8)

(114)

Change in net unrealized gains (losses) 

on available-for-sale securities

1,580

1,137 

(272)

Pensions and other

146

(66)

137 

Change in net debt valuation adjustment

(1,002)

(1,559)

1,454 

Comprehensive income

$

11,822

$

8,546 

$

9,953 

Net income

$

10,996

$

9,042 

$

8,748 

Preferred stock dividends and other

496

530 

526 

Earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders

$

10,500

$

8,512 

$

8,222 

Parent Company Only—Condensed Balance Sheets

$ in millions, except share data

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

7,102

$

8,010 

Trading assets at fair value

6,862

5,747 

Investment securities (includes 
$20,037

 and $19,824 at fair value;

 $24,248

 and $4,606 were pledged to various parties)

39,225

37,253 

Securities purchased under agreement to resell to affiliates

34,698

10,114 

Advances to subsidiaries:

Bank and BHC

22,692

27,667 

Non-bank

121,731

104,345 

Equity investments in subsidiaries:

Bank and BHC

52,951

36,093 

Non-bank

47,450

43,667 

Other assets

454

244 

Total assets

$

333,165

$

273,140 

Liabilities

Trading liabilities at fair value

$

1,623

$

1,130 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase from affiliates

24,349

4,631 

Payables to and advances from subsidiaries

43,252

35,470 

Other liabilities and accrued expenses

2,181

2,153 

Borrowings (includes 
$18,804

 and $20,461 at fair value)

159,979

148,207 

Total liabilities

231,384

191,591 

Commitments and contingent liabilities (see Note 15)

Equity

Preferred stock

9,250

8,520 

Common stock, $0.01
 par value:

Shares authorized:
 3,500,000,000

; Shares issued: 
2,038,893,979

; Shares outstanding: 
1,809,624,144

 and 1,593,973,680

20

20 

Additional paid-in capital

25,546

23,935 

Retained earnings

78,694

70,589 

Employee stock trusts

3,043

2,918 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(1,962)

(2,788)

Common stock held in treasury at cost, $0.01
 par value (

229,269,835

 and 444,920,299 shares)

(9,767)

(18,727)

Common stock issued to employee stock 

trusts

(3,043)

(2,918)

Total shareholders’ equity

101,781

81,549 

Total liabilities and equity

$

333,165

$

273,140 

December 2020 Form 10-K

148

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Parent Company Only—Condensed Cash Flow Statements

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Net cash provided by (used for) operating 

activities

$

14,202

$

24,175 

$

(1,136)

Cash flows from investing activities

Proceeds from (payments for):

Investment securities:

Purchases

(9,310)

(22,408)

(8,155)

Proceeds from sales

2,013

4,671 

1,252 

Proceeds from paydowns and maturities

5,651

3,157 

3,729 

Securities purchased under agreements to 

resell with affiliates

(24,584)

15,422 

13,057 

Securities sold under agreements to 

repurchase with affiliates

19,719

4,631 

(8,753)

Advances to and investments in subsidiaries

(13,832)

(9,210)

11,841 

Net cash provided by (used for) investing 

activities

(20,343)

(3,737)

12,971 

Cash flows from financing activities

Proceeds from:

Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance 

costs

—

497 

— 

Issuance of Borrowings

25,587

8,337 

14,918 

Payments for:

Borrowings

(22,105)

(24,282)

(21,418)

Repurchases of common stock and 

employee tax withholdings

(1,890)

(5,954)

(5,566)

Cash dividends

(2,739)

(2,627)

(2,375)

Net change in advances from subsidiaries

7,194

4,378 

2,122 

Other financing activities

(498)

12 

— 

Net cash provided by (used for) financing 

activities

5,549

(19,639)

(12,319)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

(316)

(271)

(166)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash 

equivalents

(908)

528 

(650)

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of 

period

8,010

7,482 

8,132 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period

$

7,102

$

8,010 

$

7,482 

Cash and cash equivalents:

Cash and due from banks

$

20

$

9 

$

6 

Deposits with bank subsidiaries

7,082

8,001 

7,476 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period

$

7,102

$

8,010 

$

7,482 

Restricted cash

$

381

$

— 

$

— 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information

Cash payments for:

Interest

$

3,472

$

4,677 

$

4,798 

Income taxes, net of refunds
1

1,364

1,186 

437 

1.
Represents total payments, net of refunds, made to various tax authorities and includes taxes paid on behalf of certain subsidiaries that are subsequently settled between the Parent Company and these subsidiaries. The settlements received from subsidiaries were $1.6 billion, $
1.6 billion and $
1.6 billion for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

On November 25, 2019, the Parent Company issued $500 million of Series L Preferred Stock, and on January 15, 2020, the Parent Company redeemed in whole its outstanding Series G Preferred Stock. For further information on preferred stock, see Note 18.

Parent Company’s Borrowings with Original Maturities Greater than One Year

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Senior

$

148,885

$

137,138 

Subordinated

11,094

10,570 

Total

$

159,979

$

147,708 

Transactions with Subsidiaries

The Parent Company has transactions with its consolidated subsidiaries determined on an agreed-upon basis and has guaranteed certain unsecured lines of credit and contractual obligations on certain of its consolidated subsidiaries.

Guarantees

In the normal course of its business, the Parent Company guarantees certain of its subsidiaries’ obligations on a transaction-by-transaction basis under various financial arrangements. The Parent Company has issued guarantees on behalf of its subsidiaries to various U.S. and non-U.S. exchanges and clearinghouses that trade and clear securities and/or futures contracts. Under these guarantee arrangements, the Parent Company may be required to pay the financial obligations of its subsidiaries related to business transacted on or with the exchanges and clearinghouses in the event of a subsidiary’s default on its obligations to the exchange or the clearinghouse. The Parent Company has not recorded any contingent liability in its condensed financial statements for these arrangements and believes that any potential requirements to make payments under these arrangements are remote.

The Parent Company also, in the normal course of business, provides standard indemnities to counterparties on behalf of its subsidiaries for taxes, including U.S. and foreign withholding taxes, on interest and other payments made on derivatives, securities and stock lending transactions, and certain annuity products, and may also provide indemnities to or on behalf of affiliates from time to time for other arrangements. These indemnity payments could be required, as applicable, based on a change in the tax laws, change in interpretation of applicable tax rulings or claims arising from contractual relationships between affiliates. Certain contracts contain provisions that enable the Parent Company to terminate the agreement upon the occurrence of such events. The maximum potential amount of future payments that the Parent Company could be required to make under these indemnifications cannot be estimated. The Parent Company has not recorded any contingent liability in its condensed financial statements for these indemnifications and believes that the occurrence of any events that would trigger payments under these contracts is remote.

149

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Guarantees of Debt Instruments and Warrants Issued by Subsidiaries

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Aggregate balance

$

39,745

$

32,996 

Guarantees under Subsidiary Lease Obligations

$ in millions

AtDecember 31,
2020 

AtDecember 31,
2019 

Aggregate balance
1

$

865

$

925 

1.

Amounts primarily relate to the U.K. 

Finance Subsidiary

The Parent Company fully and unconditionally guarantees the securities issued by Morgan Stanley Finance LLC, a wholly owned finance subsidiary. No other subsidiary of the Parent Company guarantees these securities.

Resolution and Recovery Planning

As indicated in the Firm’s 2019 resolution plan submitted to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, the Parent Company has amended and restated its support agreement with its material entities (including its wholly owned, direct subsidiary Morgan Stanley Holdings LLC (the “Funding IHC”) and certain other subsidiaries), as defined in the Firm’s 2019 resolution plan. Under the secured, amended and restated support agreement, in the event of a resolution scenario, the Parent Company would be obligated to contribute all of its material assets that can be contributed under the terms of the amended and restated support agreement (other than shares in subsidiaries of the Parent Company and certain other assets) (“Contributable Assets”) to the material entities and/or the Funding IHC. The Funding IHC would be obligated to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to the material entities.

December 2020 Form 10-K

150

Table of Contents

Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited)

Average Balances and Interest Rates and Net Interest Income

2020

2019

$ in millions

AverageDaily
Balance

Interest

AverageRate

AverageDaily
Balance

Interest

AverageRate

Interest earning assets

Investment securities
1

$

136,502

$

2,282

1.7

%

$

101,696 

$

2,175 

2.1 

%

Loans
1

143,350

4,142

2.9

121,002 

4,783 

4.0 

Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed
2
:

U.S.

130,525

55

—

142,089 

3,378 

2.4 

Non-U.S.

59,099

(249)

(0.4)

76,577 

107 

0.1 

Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities
3
:

U.S.

76,273

2,000

2.6

77,481 

2,531 

3.3 

Non-U.S.

22,604

417

1.8

14,654 

368 

2.5 

Customer receivables and Other
4
:

U.S.

87,775

1,188

1.4

61,501 

2,697 

4.4 

Non-U.S.

63,301

327

0.5

58,601 

1,059 

1.8 

Total

$

719,429

$

10,162

1.4

%

$

653,601 

$

17,098 

2.6 

%

Interest bearing liabilities

Deposits
1

$

241,487

$

953

0.4

%

$

180,116 

$

1,885 

1.0 

%

Borrowings
1, 5

202,498

3,250

1.6

192,770 

5,052 

2.6 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities loaned
6
:

U.S.

29,983

532

1.8

32,437 

1,916 

5.9 

Non-U.S.

28,363

451

1.6

31,808 

693 

2.2 

Customer payables and Other
7
:

U.S.

125,982

(1,176)

(0.9)

118,775 

1,792 

1.5 

Non-U.S.

64,958

(161)

(0.2)

65,196 

1,066 

1.6 

Total

$

693,271

$

3,849

0.6

%

$

621,102 

$

12,404 

2.0 

%

Net interest income and net interest rate spread

$

6,313

0.8

%

$

4,694 

0.6 

%

Effect of Volume and Rate Changes on Net Interest Income

2020 versus 2019

Increase (Decrease)Due to Change in:

$ in millions

Volume

Rate

Net Change

Interest earning assets

Investment

securities
1

$

744

$

(637)

$

107

Loans
1

883

(1,524)

(641)

Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed
2
:

U.S.

(275)

(3,048)

(3,323)

Non-U.S.

(24)

(332)

(356)

Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities
3
:

U.S.

(39)

(492)

(531)

Non-U.S.

200

(151)

49

Customer receivables and Other
4
:

U.S.

1,152

(2,661)

(1,509)

Non-U.S.

85

(817)

(732)

Change in interest income

$

2,726

$

(9,662)

$

(6,936)

Interest bearing liabilities

Deposits
1

$

642

$

(1,574)

$

(932)

Borrowings
1, 5

255

(2,057)

(1,802)

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities loaned
6
:

U.S.

(145)

(1,239)

(1,384)

Non-U.S.

(75)

(167)

(242)

Customer payables and Other
7
:

U.S.

109

(3,077)

(2,968)

Non-U.S.

(4)

(1,223)

(1,227)

Change in interest expense

$

782

$

(9,337)

$

(8,555)

Change in net interest income

$

1,944

$

(325)

$

1,619

151

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited)

Average Balances and Interest Rates and Net Interest Income

2018

$ in millions

AverageDaily
Balance

Interest

AverageRate

Interest earning assets

Investment securities
1

$

81,977 

$

1,744 

2.1 

%

Loans
1

109,681 

4,249 

3.9 

Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed
2
:

U.S.

134,223 

2,262 

1.7 

Non-U.S.

86,430 

(286)

(0.3)

Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities
3
:

U.S.

57,780 

2,144 

3.7 

Non-U.S.

9,014 

248 

2.8 

Customer receivables and Other
4
:

U.S.

73,695 

2,592 

3.5 

Non-U.S.

54,396 

939 

1.7 

Total

$

607,196 

$

13,892 

2.3 

%

Interest bearing liabilities

Deposits
1

$

169,226 

$

1,255 

0.7 

%

Borrowings
1, 5

191,692 

5,031 

2.6 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities loaned
6
:

U.S.

24,426 

1,408 

5.8 

Non-U.S.

37,319 

490 

1.3 

Customer payables and Other
7
:

U.S.

120,228 

1,061 

0.9 

Non-U.S.

70,855 

841 

1.2 

Total

$

613,746 

$

10,086 

1.6 

%

Net interest income and net interest rate spread

$

3,806 

0.7 

%

Effect of Volume and Rate Changes on Net Interest Income

2019 versus 2018

Increase (Decrease)Due to Change in:

$ in millions

Volume

Rate

Net Change

Interest earning assets

Investment securities
1

$

420 

$

11 

$

431 

Loans
1

439 

95 

534 

Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities borrowed
2
:

U.S.

133 

983 

1,116 

Non-U.S.

33 

360 

393 

Trading assets, net of Trading liabilities
3
:

U.S.

731 

(344)

387 

Non-U.S.

155 

(35)

120 

Customer receivables and Other
4
:

U.S.

(429)

534 

105 

Non-U.S.

73 

47 

120 

Change in interest income

$

1,555 

$

1,651 

$

3,206 

Interest bearing liabilities

Deposits
1

$

81 

$

549 

$

630 

Borrowings
1, 5

28 

(7)

21 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and Securities loaned
6
:

U.S.

462 

46 

508 

Non-U.S.

(72)

275 

203 

Customer payables and Other
7
:

U.S.

(13)

744 

731 

Non-U.S.

(67)

292 

225 

Change in interest expense

$

419 

$

1,899 

$

2,318 

Change in net interest income

$

1,136 

$

(248)

$

888 

1.
Amounts include primarily U.S. balances.

2.
Includes fees paid on Securities borrowed.

3.
Excludes non-interest earning assets and non-interest bearing liabilities, such as equity securities.

4.
Includes Cash and cash equivalents.

5.
Includes borrowings carried at fair value, whose interest expense is considered part of fair value and therefore is recorded within Trading revenues.

6.
Includes fees received on Securities loaned. The annualized average rate was calculated using (a) interest expense incurred on all securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities loaned transactions, whether or not such transactions were reported in the balance sheets and (b) net average on-balance sheet balances, which exclude certain securities-for-securities transactions

7.
Includes fees received from prime brokerage customers for stock loan transactions entered into to cover customers’ short positions.

Deposits

Average Daily Deposits

2020

2019

2018

$ in millions

AverageAmount

AverageRate

AverageAmount

AverageRate

AverageAmount

AverageRate

Deposits
1
:

Savings

$

202,035

0.1

%

$

144,017 

0.6 

%

$

142,753 

0.4 

%

Time

39,452

1.8

%

36,099 

2.8 

%

26,473 

2.4 

%

Total

$

241,487

0.4

%

$

180,116 

1.0 

%

$

169,226 

0.7 

%

1.
The Firm’s deposits were primarily held in U.S. offices.

December 2020 Form 10-K

152

Table of Contents

Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited)

Ratios

2020

2019

2018

Net income to average total assets

1.1

%

1.0 

%

1.0 

%

ROE
1

13.1

%

11.7 

%

11.8 

%

Return on total equity
2

12.4

%

11.1 

%

11.1 

%

Dividend payout ratio
3

21.7

%

25.0 

%

23.3 

%

Total average common equity to average total assets

8.2

%

8.2 

%

8.1 

%

Total average equity to average total assets

9.1

%

9.2 

%

9.1 

%

Net charge-off ratio
4

0.07

%

— 

%

(0.05)

%

1.
ROE represents Earnings applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders as a percentage of average common equity.

2.
Return on total equity represents Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley as a percentage of average total equity.

3.
Dividend payout ratio represents dividends declared per common share as a percentage of earnings per diluted common share.

4.
Net charge-off ratio represents gross charge-offs net of recoveries divided by total average loans held for investment before ACL.

Securities Sold under Agreements to Repurchase and Securities Loaned

$ in millions

2020

2019

2018

Period-end balance

$

58,318

$

62,706 

$

61,667 

Average balance
1

58,346

64,245 

61,745 

Maximum balance at any month-end

61,336

78,327 

72,161 

Weighted average interest rate during the 

period
2

1.7

%

4.1 

%

3.1 

%

Weighted average interest rate on 

period-end balance
2

0.6

%

4.0 

%

4.1 

%

1.
The Firm calculated its average balances based upon daily amounts.

2.
The weighted average interest rate was calculated using (a) interest expense incurred on all securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities loaned transactions, whether or not such transactions were reported in the balance sheets and (b) net average or period-end balances excluding certain securities-for-securities transactions.

Cross-Border Outstandings

At December 31, 2020

$ in millions

Banks

Governments

Non-bankingFinancial
Institutions

Other

Total

Cayman Islands

$

20

$

2

$

40,347

$

12,477

$

52,846

Japan

11,592

8,659

26,340

6,013

52,604

United Kingdom

11,659

12,079

17,796

8,561

50,095

France

3,569

3,552

27,078

8,474

42,673

Germany

1,699

3,715

6,919

5,457

17,790

Ireland

123

65

10,816

4,232

15,236

China

1,122

424

678

11,863

14,087

Canada

7,624

507

1,600

3,299

13,030

Brazil

1,337

3,587

1,339

6,656

12,919

At December 31, 2019

$ in millions

Banks

Governments

Non-bankingFinancial
Institutions

Other

Total

Japan

$

18,282 

$

7,146 

$

20,376 

$

11,565 

$

57,369 

U.K.

6,021 

11,515 

15,623 

10,431 

43,590 

Cayman Islands

12 

— 

24,693 

5,987 

30,692 

France

4,454 

1,927 

9,447 

6,363 

22,191 

Canada

6,794 

1,205 

2,606 

4,163 

14,768 

Ireland

274 

126 

9,161 

4,410 

13,971 

European 

Central Bank

— 

11,464 

— 

— 

11,464 

China

1,451 

168 

1,320 

7,907 

10,846 

Brazil

2,765 

2,116 

1,287 

4,509 

10,677 

Luxembourg

82 

27 

7,596 

1,947 

9,652 

Australia

2,265 

2,366 

2,481 

2,486 

9,598 

Netherlands

2,149 

107 

2,163 

4,788 

9,207 

Germany

1,210 

838 

2,444 

4,471 

8,963 

At December 31, 2018

$ in millions

Banks

Governments

Non-bankingFinancial
Institutions

Other

Total

Japan

$

16,130 

$

14,974 

$

30,301 

$

9,951 

$

71,356 

U.K.

3,978

7,683

20,168

11,083

42,912 

Cayman Islands

14

—

28,164

5,342

33,520 

France

3,750

1,420

17,343

6,584

29,097 

Canada

6,808

2,153

2,005

2,455

13,421 

Ireland

664

24

8,466

4,191

13,345 

European 

Central Bank

—

12,008

—

—

12,008 

Brazil

2,464

5,074

579

2,133

10,250 

Germany

822

1,499

4,137

3,022

9,480 

Luxembourg

101

291

7,139

1,289

8,820 

Cross-border outstandings are based upon the FFIEC regulatory guidelines for reporting cross-border information and represent the amounts that we may not be able to obtain from a foreign country due to country-specific events, including unfavorable economic and political conditions, economic and social instability, and changes in government policies. Claims include cash, customer and other receivables, securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities borrowed and cash trading instruments, but exclude commitments. Securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed are presented based on the domicile of the counterparty, without reduction for related securities collateral held. For information on the Firm’s country risk exposure, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Risk—Country and Other Risks.”

There can be substantial differences between our cross-border risk exposure and our country risk exposure. For instance, unlike the country risk exposure, our cross-border risk exposure does not include the effect of certain risk mitigants. In addition, the basis for determining the domicile of the cross-border risk exposure is different from the basis for determining the country risk exposure. Cross-border risk exposure is reported based on the country of jurisdiction for the obligor or guarantor. For country risk exposure, we consider factors in addition to that of country of jurisdiction, including physical location of operations or assets, location 

153

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Financial Data Supplement (Unaudited)

and source of cash flows or revenues, and location of collateral (if applicable), in order to determine the basis for country risk exposure. Furthermore, cross-border risk exposure incorporates CDS only where protection is purchased, while country risk exposure incorporates CDS where protection is purchased or sold.

The cross-border outstandings tables set forth cross-border outstandings for each country, excluding derivative exposure, in which cross-border outstandings exceed 1% of the Firm’s consolidated assets or 20% of the Firm’s total capital, whichever is less, in accordance with the FFIEC guidelines.

$ in millions

Cross-Border Exposure
1

At December 31, 2020

European Central Bank, Australia, Luxembourg, Republic 

of Korea, and Netherlands

$

50,420

At December 31, 2019

Switzerland, Republic of Korea and Taiwan

$

21,947 

At December 31, 2018

Netherlands

$

7,338 

1.
Cross
-border exposure, including derivative contracts, that exceeds 0.75% but does not exceed 1% of the Firm’s consolidated assets.

December 2020 Form 10-K

154

Table of Contents

Glossary of Common Terms and Acronyms

ABS

Asset-backed securities

ACL

Allowance for credit losses

AFS

Available-for-sale

AML

Anti-money laundering

AOCI

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

AUM

Assets under management or supervision

Balance sheets

Consolidated balance sheets

BHC

Bank holding company

bps

Basis points; one basis point equals 1/100th of 1%

Cash flow statements

Consolidated cash flow statements

CCAR

Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review

CCyB

Countercyclical capital buffer

CDO

Collateralized debt obligation(s), including Collateralized loan obligation(s)

CDS

Credit default swaps

CECL

Current Expected Credit Losses, as calculated under the Financial Instruments—Credit Losses accounting update

CFTC

U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission

CLN

Credit-linked note(s)

CLO

Collateralized loan obligation(s)

CMBS

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

CMO

Collateralized mortgage obligation(s)

CVA

Credit valuation adjustment

DVA

Debt valuation adjustment

EBITDA

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization

ELN

Equity-linked note(s)

EMEA

Europe, Middle East and Africa

EPS

Earnings per common share

E.U.

European Union

FDIC

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

FFELP

Federal Family Education Loan Program

FFIEC

Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council

FHC

Financial Holding Company

FICC

Fixed Income Clearing Corporation

FICO

Fair Isaac Corporation

Financial statements

Consolidated financial statements

FVA

Funding valuation adjustment

G-SIB

Global systemically important banks

HELOC

Home Equity Line of Credit

HQLA

High-quality liquid assets

HTM

Held-to-maturity

I/E

Intersegment eliminations

IHC

Intermediate holding company

IM

Investment Management

Incomestatements

Consolidated income statements

IRS

Internal Revenue Service

IS

Institutional Securities

LCR

Liquidity coverage ratio, as adopted by the U.S. banking agencies

LIBOR

London Interbank Offered Rate

LTV

Loan-to-value

M&A

Merger, acquisition and restructuring transaction

MSBNA

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.

MS&Co.

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

MSIP

Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc

MSMS

Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd.

MSPBNA

Morgan Stanley Private Bank, National Association

MSSB

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC

MUFG

Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.

MUMSS

Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd.

155

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Glossary of Common Terms and Acronyms

MWh

Megawatt hour

N/A

Not Applicable

N/M

Not Meaningful

NAV

Net asset value

Non-GAAP

Non-generally accepted accounting principles

NSFR

Net stable funding ratio, as adopted by the U.S. banking agencies

OCC

Office of the Comptroller of the Currency

OCI

Other comprehensive income (loss)

OIS

Overnight index swap

OTC

Over-the-counter

PRA

Prudential Regulation Authority

PSU

Performance-based stock unit

RMBS

Residential mortgage-backed securities

ROE

Return on average common equity

ROTCE

Return on average tangible common equity

ROU

Right-of-use

RSU

Restricted stock unit

RWA

Risk-weighted assets

SEC

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

SLR

Supplementary leverage ratio

SOFR

Secured Overnight Financing Rate

S&P

Standard & Poor’s

SPE

Special purpose entity

SPOE

Single point of entry

TDR

Troubled debt restructuring

TLAC

Total loss-absorbing capacity

U.K.

United Kingdom

UPB

Unpaid principal balance

U.S.

United States of America

U.S. GAAP

Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America

VaR

Value-at-Risk

VIE

Variable interest entity

WACC

Implied weighted average cost of capital

WM

Wealth Management

December 2020 Form 10-K

156

Table of Contents

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Controls and Procedures

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of the Firm’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Firm conducted an evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Firm’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The Firm’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Firm’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).

The internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

•
Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Firm;

•
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Firm’s management and directors; and

•
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Firm assets that could have a material effect on the Firm’s financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013). Based on management’s assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Firm maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020.

The Firm’s independent registered public accounting firm has audited and issued a report on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting, which appears below.

157

December 2020 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley: 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Morgan Stanley and subsidiaries (the “Firm”) as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Firm maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the financial statements of the Firm as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 and our report dated February 26, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Firm’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Firm in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,

assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York

February 26, 2021

December 2020 Form 10-K

158

Table of Contents

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

No change in the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2020 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting.

Other Information

None.